user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,209650,12952911,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,shiro,"I truly love this game & respect the hard work you guys at SledgeHammer put into this game,However Its 2015 and We want DEDICATED SERVERS.Edit: it's now 2017 and there is still no dedicated servers, they promised this before the release of the game, never forget."
,Not Recommended,209650,12811485,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Spooki,"5 November 2014I want to recommend this game so much, trust me I do. This is the breath of fresh air we all so desperately need after the unsatisfying Call of Duty: Ghosts. Playing through Advanced Warfare's campaign was a blast! The singe player is absolutely worth while. The multiplayer, however, is where things go a bit downhill.For starters, (as I'm sure many, if not all have heard) there are currently no dedicated servers. I feel like whenever I join a game, it's a gamble on whether or not I'll be playing a nice game of CoD or just sit in frustration as players run in place and teleport around.Second, the good weapons are actually given to you in the early ranks. Weapons like the AK12 prove to be great for new players who aren't used to Call of Duty games and are still in the early ranks, because the weapons are overpowered. That deminishes some of the satisfaction and incentive for actually reaching higher ranks.Third, the Zombies feature is going to be a priced DLC. Personally, I think it should have been a part of the base game like the black ops games or even world at war.I do plan on playing this game more, because I can look through the problems that it has. However, I do hope that some (if not all) issues will be resolved in future patches. Hopefully I'll be able to recommend this game 100%."
,Not Recommended,209650,12806338,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Nao,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This is a very fun game, far better than Ghosts and has potential to be better than Black ops 2 HOWEVER there areNO DEDICATED SERVERSat this time despite the fact one of the devs said that they would be available.[Source]The lag is horrendous. I attached several videos showing this below. Sometimes you'll boost upwards and apear to fall, only to magically be warped onto a ledge. Often you'll get hit markers on your screen but on the enemy's killcam they didn't register. Sometimes they won't register when you're blatantly shooting an enemy right in front of you. I've even had matches that failed to start and the odd host migration.  It's a shame because the multiplayer could be great if there was dedicated servers. So for now don't buy until it gets fixed, if it ever gets fixed...Examples of lag in multiplayer:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHzMHi2eUto#t=80:08 About a whole second delay before the hit registers on the second kill.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1nLaYiOpJ4He clearly shoots at the other player, but on the killcam he isn't even facing him yet.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muBmBEK2ckA#t=560:56 Almost empties an entirely clip into the enemy before hit markers appear even at point blank.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K39whbroQAk#t=350:35 Again clearly shoots the player but not even facing the other player killcam.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZYrhe_MAKsThis whole video is a pretty extreme example, but this kind of lag happens occasionally too...Note: I've played many more hours than what the review actually shows because the singleplayer and multiplayer are listed seperately in your steam account. I have 30+ hours clocked already, check my profile if you don't believe me."
,Not Recommended,209650,17556609,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,B I G M O N E Y,Where can i get the dlc where it adds players?
,Recommended,209650,12766842,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Microsoft Edge,"CoD:Advanced Warfare should be named Salmon: Advanced Warfare.Its a fish like cod, but it tastes better and has a different color.It also needs to be noted that like salmon, it is quite expensive.Edit, thanks for the support, i never thought it would be seen by 800+ people.For an actual opinion on the game i have to say it is really enjoyable and i've had a ton of fun so far."
,Not Recommended,209650,12802681,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,*Kumi,"The game itself is fine, but there's no dedicated servers for multiplayer. The result is lag. Mega lag, hella lag, supah lag, big booty lag. Don't bother with this in its current state unless you're only in it for campaign."
,Not Recommended,209650,12876134,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Airham Gouda,"If you've read all the reviews, you can sum up what this game is about. With a story line and new gameplay features that I personally think blow the other COD games out of the water, that alone makes the game worth buying.Except not for $60 dollars. I spent a good 6 hours on the campaign, so thats about $10 an hour to play a game.Lets put that in perspective. Ive put 600 hours into TES: Skyrim, and paid $20 dollars on a steam sale for the entire package.  I paid just over 3 cents an hour for Skyrim.The reason I wont put any more hours into this game is because it is almost impossible to play the multiplayer. I have played maybe one good game so far, because of the lag.Long story short, dont buy the game right now. Wait for either the servers to be fixed, or a steam sale to pop up. Otherwise, you're overpaying."
,Not Recommended,209650,12908729,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Flynn,"Could have been a great game.  Ruined by terrible matchmaking, horrible lag compensation, false promises of dedicated servers which won't ever happen, and unbalanced weapons.When you luck out and manage to get matched up with a host with a good connection and with players that aren't complete noobs, the game has its good moments.  The new exo movement is a lot of fun.I'm still hoping they'll add a dedicated server browser.  I'd love to play on a proper server with a regular group of people instead of with random unknowns and dodgy connections.  Until this happens, as was promised, I have to review this as a thumbs-down (especially since good hosts and skilled players are hard to find with match-making)."
76561198068066428,Not Recommended,209650,13116728,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,MasterBlaster,"This game is a huge waste of money with no support for PC.  Horrible lag, no dedicated servers, borken cut scenes on sp.  With not a word from SH or Activision about fixes or patches.  This is by far my bigges regret as a purchase.  It is too bad, because with the game works it is fun, fast paced, and exciting.  Too bad it is broken."
76561198072376314,Not Recommended,209650,16887653,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ONLY P90 + PISTOL,"WARNING!!!The MULTI PLAYER  is dead. You will not find anyone playing the multi player. You will sit in the lobbies for hours. However, the single player is fun. But, not worth $60. Obviously, no one buys COD for the single player."
,Not Recommended,209650,12946037,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Momba,"Hackers are ruining yet another CoD. Now AW is about as bad and blatant as Ghosts. If you like the Campaigns then sure get it, but for MP not now .. so NO!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12917947,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Alpha,"As much as i like this game, i can't even freaking touch the multiplayer, i can only play single player, even though it's pretty good but i would like to try multiplayer without having the crappy error server message everytime. I can't recommend this game yet, till it gets fixed, there's still tons of lagg and all, unplayable at the moment, still waiting for them to fix the crappy game and make dedicated servers for us."
,Not Recommended,209650,12838542,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Guilty Complex,"Before I start I just want to let people know that this is a review. That is a personal opinion that I have made based on my personal experience with this game. Under no circumstance should this accurately reflect another person's experience let alone your own. I strongly suggest you look at other reviews, gameplay, or to literally play the game yourself before you make a decision about buying this game or any other game for that matter.Advanced Warfare tends to be a game that sounds and looks interesting but feels anything but when you really sit down and play it.Starting with just how the game runs is frustrating. I've managed to get this game running consistent or at least consistent enough to be deemed playable but don't be surprised if you experience massive stuttering, hitching, or just down right low FPS. A lot of this is attributed to the fact that for some reason or another Sledgehammer decided to not cache their shaders and shadow maps by default. My recommendation is to select optimal video and turn on every caching option available. It solved most of my problems.The single player campaign features an impressive cast of well skilled actors but all that is lost in the bad writing. I know its silly to nit pick in a game like Call of Duty but if you're going to higher skilled actors such as Troy Baker and Kevin Spacey the least you could do is have them in an as competent story that has some gaping plot holes, contradicting dialog, clichéd themes, and just down right stupid silliness.On the multiplayer end get ready for bad netcode as by default the game will search for matched using 800 ping as a basis for ""good"" match quality. There is a work around for this but even after implementing it the lag compensation is just horrendous. I mean you weren't expecting dedicated servers were you?As far as the game itself you will have that honeymoon period of ""Oh Wow"" just at the fact the exo movement system makes the game feel better at least in terms of movement over the pass Call of Dutys. Soon though you will realize that this essential breaks the whole three lane map system that Call of Duty is known for, and as such you will have people constantly in your♥♥♥♥♥ What I find weird about this is that the maps are clearly based around the three lane formula but its really pointless as you can just go almost anywhere at a moment's notice all while not really taking advantage of the new movement system. This can clearly be seen as there are many spots in most if not all the maps that seem like a very reasonable location to get to but are literally blocked off by invisible walls.As weapons are concerned everything feels as if it was nerfed to the ground. I always have loved the shotguns in this series for better or worst but they are just terrible in this game and are ridiculously inconsistent and are by far the worst ones this series has ever seen. The rest of the weapons all feel nerfed to an extent too with the exception for the Assault Rifles, nearly all of them are good no matter the situation. I get the fact that the role of assault rifles are to be decent in most situations but when all the other weapons that specialize in specific purpose feel worthless what's the point to not use the one kind of weapon that doesn't.Scorestreaks feel absolutely pointless in this game, I can't believe I'm saying this but they just feel pointless. I always felt that since Call of Duty 4 that the streaks contribute to the games flow and control just as much as the maps. In this game they barely even do that as they either do not last long enough, don't do enough damage, or just easily negated. You can upgrade the streaks to make them a bit better in the areas that they lack but they increase the cost of doing so to the extent where it could take you 7 kills just to get a UAV.I feel a lot of people will enjoy this game and as such just take what I said with a grain of salt. Personally I just don't really like the way the game feels, I appreciate what Sledgehammer has done but unless they fix what I feel are blatant issues I really don't see myself playing this game much more.tl;dr-Poor optimization and lousy video settings-Well acted yet poorly written story-No dedicated servers and Terrible netcode-Fun yet disrupting movement system-Wonky weapon balance-Weak if not just pointless scorestreaksBuy it, you actually might like it. (Seriously)"
,Not Recommended,209650,13000014,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Keemstar,"Yes And No, Terrible Dedicated servers, Bad Ping, Low Quality, Terrible Matchmaking. Yes, Good game, good idea."
76561198131962969,Not Recommended,209650,25284331,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Shady900220,Bought this game 2 years ago and im still seaching for a match..........
,Not Recommended,209650,12797287,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Skunk,"I haven't picked up a Call of Duty game since the original Black Ops. I figured I would give this one a try, so here is my quick little review.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is nothing new, nothing special, and won't blow your mind. Though, I guess this is what we have come to expect from a Call of Duty game. It's the same formula that has been used since the 4th installment, so if that's what you like, then this may be the game for you.[STORY]I'd like to talk a little about the campaign, then I'll get into multiplayer. The single player lasts about 5 to 6 hours. 30 minutes of this consists of loading. The game forces you to watch the whole cutscene, while only loading the game halfway, then loading the rest after. If you decide to change your graphics settings in game, you have to rewatch the cutscene and wait for it to load again. Once you find your optimal settings, this isn't much of an issue, but still irrtating.(Edit: There is an option in settings that allows the game to fully load during cutscenes, but apparently makes them choppy)The story itself is bland and predictable, there aren't any memorable characters, and it feels like the game is just trying to rush you through the story so you can hurry up and get to the multiplayer. There isn't any switching between players in this one. You play as the same guy throughout the whole story. The aspect of early Call of Duty games where the story follows multiple characters is one I miss tremendously.Once again the missions are very short, play out as turkey shoots, and anti-climactic. Don't expect any massive battles or epic sequences in this installment. Just save your money and watch a let's-play on YouTube.But we know you aren't in it just for the single-player..[MULTIPLAYER]Same stuff, different maps and weapons. Oh, and boost jumping.If you love running in circles, getting shot in the back, and smashing the ""F"" key repeatedly, then get this game. As I mentioned before, it's the same game. Go grab Titanfall for $10 and play the mode without mechs.The new feature for Advanced Warfare is the Exo-suit abilities. Some are kind of neat, some are gimmicky. It does give a bit more variety to how you'd like to play, but I typically find them quite useless. There are also tons of player customization option. Does anyone actually look at that stuff in game?Guns.. The guns are awful. The sounds of the guns are awful. All the weapons seem impractical and weak. The shotguns are neat, but that's about it. Oh, and again with the sounds. They just don't sound like there is any power to them. I feel like I'm shooting a little bb gun.The maps are your typical Call of Duty maps, but some change slightly. Though it might as well just be another map, because the change is pointless. One of the maps is a volcano, and it makes it seem like you need to hurry and get through the blast doors or it's game over. But you just die and spawn on the other half of the map anyway. It's another gimmick. That's what Call of Duty is good at. Gimmicks.I can't recommend Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, at least not for the price they are asking. There are plenty of other games to play, so please save your money. If I missed anything, or if you have questions, please feel free to ask me."
,Not Recommended,209650,12823925,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,LylJoelito,DayZ runs better
76561198014042126,Not Recommended,209650,13006076,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,UAT|BookGuy,"SUMMARY: Massive network and hardware problems and gameplay which just barely reaches 'able to recommend'.NETWORK: I live in Australia. There are constantly about 3-4 Team Deathmatch games and absolutely nothing else. Lack of dedicated servers grinds like a dentist's drill every time I play. Far too many games fail at connecting to the host and dump me out; after an hour's session I'm forced to conclude that of that I played maybe six five-minute matches and the timer between matches is only 40seconds per. Ping is fine. Number of players is worth mentioning; as said, enough to guarantee Team Deathmatch after a few minutes of waiting but nothing else. Note that this is a week or so after launch day, chances are it may peter off swiftly later.HARDWARE: So. Much. Hitching. Hitching referring to having a reasonably normal standard of FPS, but then regularly dropping down to 0-5fps for about a second or two. On certain maps this'll only happen every few minutes or never, on many many maps this'll happen every fifteen seconds. Renders the game barely playable and so far from fun it ain't funny. This is NOT a problem with my computer's graphics capacity; seelcting the 'optimal' video settings (which insultingly turns absolutely every setting and resolution down to zero) sends the FPS soaring, but does NOT prevent the hitching; usually it just means that instead of going from 90 to 5fps it goes from 190 to 95, and plenty of times it still ditches down to 5-10fps. For the single-player campaign, my FPS tends to vary a massive amount depending on which mission I'm on. For some the computer is happy to chug through at a decent enough resolution and setting, for other missions (Frisco Battleship!) I'm forced to slam the settings down to nothing to be able to get through, and again- HITCHING. Ten minutes into it and all I can think of is how much more pleasant an experience I'd have watching a campaign walkthrough on Youtube.SINGLEPLAYER GAMEPLAY: Overally it comes to meh, but try it out. Being able to jump around like crazy is the best part of the entire game. Singleplayer can be stultifying, particularly in the game's attempts to distract me from how much it wants me to move cover-to-cover and how much it wants me to think that having different things happen when I press F is giving me new gameplay elements (move containers! pay respects! Jump! Invisible! Kill!). It's almost impressive how they managed to botch the story. The entire thing is massively predictable, to the point where the game just assumes you know what's coming and it skips key plot developments in big hurdles. Characerization is kinda appalling- on the side of your enemies and your friends, the game only ever develops one boss enemy and a few of your friends; consequently you get massively confused about why an army of faceless minions are fighting for the enemy and what their motivation is. And what characterization there is is superficial. Hours and hours into the Campaign and I've heard maybe three Kevin Spacey monologues of one paragraph each and it's enough to realize that the game isn't trying to tell a story, it's trying to tell a summary of a story; anything more complex than 'gettim!' is dropped in favor of more toys. Not that some of the toys aren't fun, and jetpacking is again the best part. More that going through I'm aware of how juvenile it all is.MULTIPLAYER GAMEPLAY: For the third time, jumping around is the best part. Adds some lovely mobility and freedom to traditionally formulaic and trapped maps. I have issues however, which I'll group firstly under implementation, and secondly under core principles. The implemenation of the multiplayer has some issues. Many many perks are underwhelming or fairly non-descriptive; compare them to the perks in CoD4 and you realize that many of them you just don't want, or feel like filler. The Exo abilities don't last long, don't recharge and generally are but minor factors. Some dislike for how you must go through challenges to unlock red dot sight, etc for each weapon instead of purchasing them as per Blops; I spent six teeth-grinding trying to get 40 headshots with a sniper rifle having a miserable time and constantly doing poorly and letting my team down. My final issues are core to how CoD operates, or essentially how Team Deathmatch operates. Everyone moves around the map so quickly that I'm constantly aware that my survival doesn't depend on reflexes or what route I take, but rather on if i manage to not run straight into where the enemies are spawning. If I get ahead or separated from my team, very quickly I'm going to be shot by one of the three enemies who've spawned at three different angles. With health regenerating very slowly and guns having limited clips, I constantly feel weak on the battlefield and any success (3+ kills before dying) tends to be luck of the spawn-draw than anything else. I have to emphasis the slow health regeneration; after surviving a 1v1 firefight, you need to kiss a wall for a good fifteen to twenty seconds to get back to full health, and with the enhanced mobility in this game that's virtually guaranteeing someone's going to soar overhead and send a bullet down your shirt. The end result is that the game seems to lack depth, to lack room for interesting times to be had. Mindless fun is as ever still fun, it's just that it can feel unsatisfactory and can make you feel weak. I'll finish with the fair few good things about the multiplayer. Great player customization, really like how you get random cosmetics drops. Great emblem customization, playercards are satisfactory. Laser weapons are great, normal guns are fun. Killstreaks are fun, ability to customize them is great. Random weapon variant drops is a little weird, but adds some nice variety.CONCLUSION: If it wasn't for the massive hardware and network problems, I'd just barely recommend this game. The jetpacking about is fun, the multiplayer is generally enjoyable. But the singleplayer can be boring and the story is poor, the multiplayer is subject to problems with fast spawn times and weak health regeneration. Pick it up if you're confident in your rig or after some massive patches, and then only if you can stomach the lack of dedicated servers and the relatively small number of players."
76561197995282495,Recommended,209650,23411973,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Thunder-Boom,"You know, I really don't care for multiplayer games, so it should come as no suprise that I really like CoD:AW.The graphics are great, story is not bad at all, and Kevin Spacey looks and talks like Kevin Spacey. It was very much like being in a big budget action movie, which is what I go for. So if you don't give 2 snits about MP, this is a great title.Still too expensive though, all CoD titles think that their code is made of gold, but I got a deal, so it's all good."
,Recommended,209650,12796390,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fluffy,It's not Ghosts10/10
76561198057406222,Recommended,209650,13171584,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Brub,Met an eight year old. Told me I jerk off with tacos. 15/10
76561198040720402,Not Recommended,209650,12824189,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,CornReactor,Alt-F4 Simulator
76561198015271282,Not Recommended,209650,24820289,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,(#C_) Colossal Kenny,Searching for available games...No games found...Searching for available games...No games found...Searching for available games...No games found...Searching for available games...No games found...
76561197974813550,Recommended,209650,13497772,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,VanillaSky,"Great game VS. Lazy developers - 6/10Introduction:First off - I have played the MP more than 50 hours. The store page will only display the time of the singleplayer, which I haven't played at all yet. Only the multiplayer was of my interest and the reason for my purchase. Therefore I won't include the singleplayer experience in my review, so please take notice of that fact.I was sick and tired about the yearly money milking machinery called 'Call of Duty' like many other people, but nearly always ended up buying it sooner or later (except CoD 4 and Ghosts) and regretting it in the long run. Yeah, they make fun...until you notice or remember how lazy the devs (performance problems, no real balancing, can't get control over all the hacker, horrible P2P-service, money milking>customer satisfaction) and how awful the community (hacker, camper, noobtuber, glitch abusing, OP-weapon abusing and really immature people (not all of them of course)) can be and how literally nothing has changed compared to the prior title every time.CoD gained my interest again with AW, after I've successfully skipped Ghosts. It looked like a mix of Titanfall, Unreal Tournament and Call of Duty in prerelease videos and I decided to give CoD another try. Yep, I got what I saw, a great mix, which is a welcome and refreshing change. The capability of dashing, even in midair, opens up new possibilities for gameplay styles and can and will lead to intense and fast action. All in all it's still a Call of Duty, but it's also haunted by similar problems like they were present in previous CoD titles. It's already 1,5 months since release and the major flaws are still existent. An evidence of incapacity of the devs and the CoD series, really. I get the impression, that the devs are either just lazy, or have no clue how to deal with it or just don't care.Playable game modes:Mosh-Pit (contains different game modes)Team-Deathmatch (self-explanatory)Domination (3 target locations, conquer and hold locations to score)Kill Confirmed (kill and collect the dog tags to score, or deny points for the enemy by collecting dog tags of your fallen teammates)Ground War (bigger teams (12-18 players) with TDM, Domination, Kill Confirmed)Uplink (pick up the drone and carry it to the the uplink station to score)Momentum (conquer all flags to win, killing will increase your momentum and your conquering speed)Hardpoint (conquer and hold the location to score)Search and Destroy (one team needs to defend the target  and other one has to destroy it, alternating)Search and Rescue (similar to S&D, but by collecting dog tags you're able to allow the respawn of teammates or deny the respawn of enemies)Capture The Flag (capture the enemy flag and bring it to your base, while your own flag is still there, to score)Free-For-All (It's dog eat dog, simple as that)Infected (one player starts infected and he/she needs to infect the whole team by killing them; they will respawn infected and have to do the same...sounds better than it's actually is)Pro:it makes fun, can't deny itthe exo movement is really refreshing for a CoDthanks to the exo movement and very fast gameplay camper aren't a huge problem anymoreplayer model customizationweapon customizationkillstreak customizationmany game modesevery map has something special (a special killstreak or a map special event)a lot of challengesingame crates with weapons and/or clothing and/or ingame boosts will be handed out every 3rd or 4th TDM match for freedozens of variations for every gun, which will have slightly changed (but still balanced) stats compared to the default one and a different lookNeutral:the graphics are nothing more than alrightContra:hacker (not that many, but you'll meet them)no dedicated AND ranked serveryou'll join a lobby with really noticeable lag every now and then (the game can drag you into lobbies with up to 800 ms ping by default, yay!)endless synchronization while joining a game sometimeshost-migration fails a lot of timessome maps are not really suited for a high usage of exo movementhuge perfomance problems in some maps (especially the map 'Defender')you can only barely find a game for some game modesimmature community (you don't need to feel addressed, if your conscience is pure)unbalanced weapons, which will be highly abused by the lovely community (at first the BAL27, now the EM1)no votekick functionno wall runningnoobtubing is still possiblelaying down is much too fast, which leads to an already highly abused advantage in face to face combat (and makes absolutely no sense, it is and looks just ridiculous)it looks like the devs don't care that much about the PC playersConclusion:While I could continue my rant, I have to say that it's still fun despite the problems. It's really a new CoD, not just a rehashed one. It allows new playstyles and tactics and offers fast and intense action. The customization options are really great and there are weapons for the taste of everyone. The big amount of game modes can offer some variation, if you're bored with the classic modes like TDM or domination. Most of the network problems could be easily solved by dedicated and ranked server and hacker could be banned from your favorite servers by active server admins in a couple of seconds, vigilante justice! I have problems with the CoD P2P-network since MW2 and it hasn't improved over the years at all (CoD BO I had ranked server and was just awesome). It should really be buried deep inside the earth, but hey, when was the last time, that the devs have actually listened AND reacted to the community requests? I don't know a single person, who has embraced the P2P-system and said 'Awww yeah', but we still have to struggle with it. The amount of players is already decreasing. So PLEASE, give us back our dedicated server. It will work wonders.AW could be a really good game with a score of 8/10 or 9/10, if it would be treated right, but it deserves nothing more than a 6/10 in it's current state. What a shame. Limited recommendation for now. This review will be updated as soon as some problems are successfully wiped out.6/10----------------------~ Do you want to add something to the review or do you want to share your opinion? Feel free to make a comment."
,Not Recommended,209650,12809843,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Illasera,"Multiplayer review - Is the game any good? no idea, No stable ""servers""tl:dr - peer to peer ""servers"" (awaiting connection forever, no quit option until timeout).I am still ""waiting for connection"" (Awaiting connection).Am i behind a router? or a firewall? nope.no problems connecting to any other games online as well. So what gives?Well, peer to peer connections,Seems like we have all agreed to host mini-servers for the game on our own pc.So why using this awful method? simple,1.)No moderation - Target for future hacking2.)Less players playing as time goes by - Will be harder to get a game running.Profit = multiplayer will die more or less at the same time AW2 will come out.SPOILER : Here is the great part, readers will love this, AW2 Will have dedicated servers, isn't a PR stunt to die for? (Remember that AW1 had peer to peer? AW2 will have dedicated servers, that would be 60$)"
76561198028210781,Recommended,209650,13412877,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Yeet Dumpster,"i have never felt so aggresively american in my entire life. And i'm a canadian. Thank you advanced warfare, for letting me taste freedom."
,Not Recommended,209650,12820067,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,View,"TL;DR It's all rush and no tactics. Gets boring fast. Lag is horrible. Seems intentional. Big disappointment.First, my credentials: I'm a Call of Duty veteran who has played FPS since before the first Call of Duty with over 2 thousand hours in MW2 and over 2.5 thousand hours MW3 and countless unrecorded hours of previous installments since before joining Steam.I was absolutely consumed with the series because it was the best mix of game and realism when it comes to simulating REAL GUN FIGHTING. So many elements of gun fighting were implemented inside a video game format that even when the fun dried up because the game got old, you could still get that competitive high when going against other human beings in what felt like a fair, calibrated and superbly fleshed out system which rewarded the player that can best balance offensive AND defensive tactics. When a player is all run-n'-gun and you are carefully creeping around corners to counter his arrogance and negligence, you will get the kill most of the time. When all you do is camp in a corner, the offensive player will always get the drop on you (if he knows how to check corners and slice the pie.) There was balance, it was beautiful.Increasingly, however, with every new installment, the formula for the system kept changing the balance further and further to reward only offensive and irrational gun fighting gameplay. If you can squeeze every last drop of adrenaline your brain can processes every single game, great, you're going to do well with the new exo movements. But those that want to move cautiously and methodically, carefully, tactfully, masterfully, you're out of luck because the game, coupled with what I personally believe is INTENTIONALLY implemented systematic delay, (lag),  you will lose. You will lose constantly. Even when you have your sights perfectly aligned with where the enemy will appear. Even if you see him on one end of the wall, running around the back side to pop out of the other end where you know exactly where he's going to be, as you're already sending the message from your brain to your finger to click right when he's about to pop out of the event horizon (disregard the astronimic reference) he will still take you down.Why?Because, take it from someone with an unhealthy amount of time devoted to this series, these games are now designed for children to who get a rush out of taking another player down no matter the reason. Activision doesn't see why it's so important to have narrative, rhyme and reason, behind every take down. All they care about is to get as many kids to buy their game and weed out experienced methodical players. Why? Because crazy, ADHD, dopamine junkies do not want to try and commit to strategy and tactics and skill development which takes time and dedication. Activion wants to make these kids feel like gods with the first round they play so they keep buying the games and buy the expansion packs. (which, by the way, further divide the player base, leading to no one being able to play together, diluting the amount of games people can play together, leading to poor connections and lack of games at all. Nice job shooting yourself in the foot Activision.) Experienced, seasoned, methodical, tactful players will win in a fair gun fight, every, single, time.This isn't good for business, so it makes sense from a business point of view. You don't want newcomers to be turned away because they suck. WHICH THEY SHOULD. THEY JUST STARTED. So this leads me away from my rant and back to informing you with what's going on.Do you want to play a game where you're just jumping around, rushing and spraying everything that moves? Get this game, you'll have fun. Do you want to be systematic and outsmart your opponents by punishing them every time for rushing irrationally and risking their lives so non chalantly? Nope. Not for you. You can't. You will get 4 hitmarkers in before hitting the ground the majority of the time.This is only slightly better than Ghosts.Oh, which reminds me. Ghosts was a beta for this. You'll see it when you look at the gun models. ESPECIALLY with how the AK reloads. It's identical. Ghosts was an extract to get one more game out to fill the gap while AW was still developing for those 3 long years I, like other serious CoD players, have been waiting for another substantial, quality  installment.TL;DR It's all rush and no tactics. Gets boring fast. Lag is horrible. Seems intentional. Big disappointment.---APPENDAGE---By reading some of these replies, it seems I have to remind some readers, about my point of simulating real gun fighting, that it was THE MIX of both the game and gun fighting simulation that was excellent. Of course this game's not as realistic as Battlefield, but Battlefield isn't as much of an arcade. However, I should still point out that I do believe Call of Duty, namely, Modern Warfare 1, 2 and 3, does have decent adaptation in simulation gun fighting.Here's one big example:In the real world, if you're ADSing down a path and I pop out of a corner running, you get a huge advantage since all you need to do is adjust your aim and pull the trigger whereas I have to stop and then pull up my weapon to aim. By then I'm dead.Modern Warfare and even Black Ops, was able to handle that just fine. Lag made it a bit harder but you could still overcome it if you're experienced enough with the mechanics of the game.Ghosts and Advanced Warfare are disgracefully poor in replicating this scenario. The rusher has way more advantage. Most of which is to blame on the lag. The encounters in both of these games feel very flimsy by comparison. Previous titles had much more control. More in Black Ops, and even more in Modern Warfare. I think people have previously spoken to this topic with the idea of the 'speed' of the game.In Ghosts and Advanced Warfare,♥♥♥♥♥♥s happening all over the place, you can't hear anything, there's no situational awareness except UAV and gunfire. At least in Modern Warfare 3, you could hear the enemy.Another good way to describe what I'm trying to say is, the older the title, the more capability there was when it came to counter attacks. When an enemy is rushing and attacking, but you're able to know it before having to actually see them, you can counter their action by placing your coming action (like aiming your rifle or running another direction to dodge) before their expected action.Counter attacks are just far too difficult to be made practical in Ghosts and Advanced Warfare. Again, these games feel very flimsy and cheap. Modern Warfare feels more full, substantial and fleshed out."
,Not Recommended,209650,13298880,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Jayson,"While this is probably the most fun I've had with a Call of Duty game in ages, I'd recommend picking up the game during a decent sale, since 60$ is kind of a high asking price considering how many other games are available. 40$ is alright, 30$ is a perfect.The gameplay is enjoyable, especially with the new exo suits and features, but at the end of the day, it is still a Call of Duty game. The single player stuff was alright and kept me engaged, even if its was predictable. It was kind of like one of those summer blockbuster movies that everyone should give a try, but just lower your expectations. I'll probably update this review later after I've spent more time with the multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,209650,12827015,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Black Cat,"Sorry, but not getting a good review... Its obvious they did nothing but take elements from better games and tried to encorporate them around cod mechanics. Simply put, its a quick cash in with minimal effort given.It ripped off HAWX story, almost completely. Here are 4 bullet points to demonstrate the entire story of both games.1. Player is discharged from the military and signs on with a PMC group2. PMC group rises in power to the point that militaries around the world hire them, instead of funding their own military3. PMC tries to take over America (first) and then the rest of the world4. Player has a patriotic spirit and is recomissioned to fight against the PMC.On top of this, all other technology has been used in games as early as 2003. In 2003 chaser had almost the EXACT same exosuit mechanics to this game. Battlefield 2142 featured similar technology, including the hover tank, the battle linked hud... which to everyones credit is being developed by the military... Drones, like this, were done in frontline fuels of war, LONG before this game. Deux Ex human revolution had a very similar level up system to augment certain abilities. And everything not mentioned here, was done in Ghost Recon Future Soldier, including drones done WELL!All of which brought something new and innovative to the gaming world. CoD advanced warfare does not bring anything new, it brings nothing but the same cod with a new look. Titanfall was even better than this, it at least brought some of the similar technology and included some new and innovative, things.The game is not worth 60 and is sub par. I would say its worth 20. Unless you are a die hard cod fan, then wait it out."
76561198057411974,Not Recommended,209650,13331329,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,XITOU  OU N XITOU?,Call of Dedicated server's Advanced Lag
,Not Recommended,209650,12819671,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,DERO76,This is a great game. Probably the best CoD since the days of Modern Warfare. It would've been even more awesome if it didn't crash/freeze/disconnect every 5 minutes.
,Not Recommended,209650,13322086,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Sub,"SKIP TO BOTTOM FOR CONCLUSION IF YOU'D LIKE+Campaign:I am going to be honest with this review, but going to keep this really simple and honest. Graphically this game is better then the others. The campaign is highly predictable, was for me atleast. But that does not mean that it was not fun and enjoyable to play through. The game felt different at first but I slowly found myself feeling repetitive at times. Towards the end of the game it got a bit dull to the point where it was as satisfying. The A.I. teamates sometimes hold you hand along half the game. For example It once said to take out the enimies on my mark, so I shoot and miss purposely. Then the A.I team mates insta killed every target. Like I am not sure what that's about. I rarely found glitches in the campaign or experienced bad issues besides the annoying fact if you edit setting while in single player it will reset your mission and you have to watch an annoying video for quite some time whenever you choose to change any settings, no skip button..seriously? So overall I reccomend the campaign over the multiplayer and I will get into that.+Multiplayer:Ahh the multiplayer now. I can say alot about this but  lets keep it short. It's not very good, most of the time it is laggy and the game goes based of host migration. Sometimes you will find yourself playing with people from across the world or someone whose ping is over 400 and this is a bit rediculous. The so called ""dedicated servers"" that were said to be coming don't appear to be arriving anytime soon. Now if they did have them the games MP would honestly be worth the money. I never was a fan of the past cods besides like BO. MW, and MW2 but if this wasn't so laggy then this MP would be amazing. It'd might just make the best call of duty if it did but sadly this whole host factor really brings the games petential down and down,...until you get sick of it. The ranking system in this is to easy, if you played enough you could prestige twice in about 3 days. You rank up way to quickly and it was not thought out very well. Another issue is the maps, two of the maps are very laggy and horribly optimized. The map known as ""Defender"" is the worst map in the entire game. It is so horribly done that it lags and your frames hit rock bottom no matter what card really. The maps themselves dont really fit the gameplay style, you will still find campers and what not in this. Basically the MP has a lot of issues but I do not feel like exposing the rest. I am not a reviewer just a basic gamer just like you and the average consumer. I have played the MP extensively and thought now was the best time to give my full honest opinion.+Conclusion:-MP would be great just needs dedicated servers (unlikely)-Guns are not entirely set up fairly-Ranking up is to easy-Occasional Hackers (But almost all games have these)-One Unstable Map (Loads up horribly ""DEFENDER"")-Needs team balancing-Not to many PC players, which leaves many game types with the result ""NO GAMES FOUND""-Those who play with large groups / friends may struggle to find a game.I can't reccommend this game, due to these facts. Mainyl cause of it's MP, but if you're not in it for the mp then buy it i guess or wait for it to go on sale like it is now. Play for free this weekend and you will see the issues for yourself. Thanks for those who read this, hopefully this can help make your final decision.PS.Contact me if you have further questions."
,Not Recommended,209650,12826198,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,12 Percent Headshot,Call of Money: Recycled Warfare.
76561198080734047,Not Recommended,209650,14199905,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SEXUAL CHOCOLATE BABY,I really enjoyed watching the cutscenes over again every time i changed settings.also 15$ for 4 new maps wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,15353465,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Crumble,how can i get a refund
,Not Recommended,209650,12971193,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[MAGA]#TRUMP2016,Bunnyhopping Simulator 2015™.
,Not Recommended,209650,12824211,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Konamodda,"Ignore time played - apparently that stat is referring to SP, not MP. No dedicated servers when a quick Google search will return articles of game devs saying there would be. P2P is broken. Rampant lag. Other players are bullet sponges and I'm getting dropped like its HC. I was just forced to navigate to 'Start Task Manager' to shut down the game because it decided to 'Fetch Online Statistics' or some crapWHILE I WAS IN THE SHOOTING RANGEwhich brought up a mouse cursor - I could no longer move my character, or ESC out of the game. Glad I didnt buy the map packs. Getting my $60 out of the game, moving on, and never looking back to the series. Maybe. Treyarch seems to make good games. It's a shame too, because even though something feels horribly broken (P2P?) the mechanics of the exo make combat fun."
,Not Recommended,209650,16380258,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,schrwyn,"consider your self lucky enough if you are able to get in the game for an hour.  I truly love this game, but please, we need dedicated servers..."
,Not Recommended,209650,12811937,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MarkyX,"- Time to Kill is too low- Extremely unoptimized, had to use 3rd party apps to boost my game to make this marginally perform- Peer to Peer nonsense- Exo boost doesn't add much to the game.  Doesn't make engagements more interesting- Constant crashes which results in automatic losses- No way to reset stats because of all these bugsMy one purchase regret in 2014."
,Not Recommended,209650,12810200,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[VA]Strikes,"Just... no. Don't make the same mistake I did; this game is about 2 generations of a step backward.Multiplayer isn't anything new, or great. It's watered down and just lazy development.The only thing that's good about this game is the amazing cut-scene quality; everything else is just bad, like rotten eggs and fish in your car for 2 weeks in a Texas summer bad.Need me to back it up? I just told you how...Go check out a video of Multiplayer in (this) Advanced Warfare; then go watch one from either Modern Warfare. There's your answer.We can start with the basics in the Co-op - There's no difficulty setting, at all, and there's only two maps for it; and it also doesn't allow you to 'rank up' at all, in any sense. Even if it was completely apart from Multiplayer Rankings, it's still something missing.Single Player - The game SHIPS with all Audio in Cut-Scenes COMPLETELY OUT OF SYNC. The only way to get them in Sync is alt-tab out of the game and tab back into the game. Every. Single. Cut-Scene.Bindings - All the default bindings to the game are completely random. They even had a binding UNBOUND that is 100% needed during a climatic point in the single-player; resulting in you FAILING it because the game literally says - ""Press UNBOUND to slide""Grenades - There's two versions now; one binds to G and the other to Q and if you want to switch between the various types of the two grenades you have to be holding down Q or G and then press ""F"" to switch the type. I'd love to see YOU, Roark, press and hold G/Q and tap F while maintaining movement and shooting. You can't. You're forced to stop. It's fail.Time to Kill (TTK) - It's the shortest I've ever seen in the series. You can drop someone, at level 1, in about 1-2 seconds (a burst). It becomes a game of ""Who got behind who first"" which is completely lame. It's no longer about skill, but who can camp or watch the most screen coverage on the map and then point and click.There's no new features in this game that set it 'better' than the previous games. They changed the setting, copied stories from other sources, and then stamped it Call of Duty"
,Not Recommended,209650,12812479,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,kodas,Loading Screen Stimulator 2069
,Not Recommended,209650,13101082,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,CaptainDerp,"Great game in the very first week.Now.... No one is online playing anything except TDM, full of hackers, more hackers in here then MW2."
76561197973299300,Recommended,209650,13331324,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,davidr64,"Singleplayer: Good.Multiplayer: ""Okay"" (12/12/2014), but your mileage may vary.Worth the cost?  Maybe (read on).Campaign:I found the campaign to be great fun.  I played the whole thing with friends watching via Steam's beta broadcasting feature.  The storyline was your typical Call of Duty fare—that is to say, it's the kind of action movie plot you'd feel comfortable seeing as a half-price matinee at the theatre.  In other words, don't take the inclusion of Kevin Spacey as an actor in the game to mean that the storyline is anything but what you've come to expect from Call of Duty.  Knowing that this was likely the case before I jumped in, I enjoyed the campaign as it was.The gameplay of the campaign was simply great fun.  There's a lot of stuff to nitpick—like the fact that some of the quicktime events feel a bit ""off"" in their timing; and that some key functions of the game need to be remapped (or even mapped!)—but that's really all they are: nitpicks.  Overall, the campaign was a fun jaunt and the combat felt tactical with plenty of opportunities to use your equipment and myriad new abilities.Multiplayer:I haven't played much of multiplayer, but already my feelings about it are mixed.  What I have played has been ""okay.""  Just as in the campaign, the exosuit makes the gameplay incredibly fun.  Unfortunately, matchmaking seems slow for any mode except Team Deathmatch, which means that's probably what you'll end up playing if you just want to play, and team balance is a serious issue.  I've been placed on an outnumbered team more than once, and just in my previous play session I was on a team of 2 versus a team of 5.  (Side note: We lost, but only barely.  Score was really close!)The maps feel cramped.  I haven't played a map yet that seemed like a good fit for a sniper rifle.  I've read other reviews here that say the game is mostly played with Assault Rifles and SMGs, and, currently, I can't disagree.  Fortunately for me, the run-and-gun nature of this is acceptable—that's my preferred playstyle.  However, I am experienced with many other playstyles thanks to Planetside 2 and other games, and I'm somewhat concerned with how viable switching up classes and roles will be as I gain ranks.It's easy to see why afficionados of past Call of Duty games could feel so slighted by this installment.  Though, I feel at this point I should reiterate that I *am* still having a lot of fun in the multiplayer, despite these rather significant flaws.  The gameplay is tight and very responsive (when lag isn't an issue, and thus far, for me, lag hasn't been a big problem).  And though the maps I've played feel cramped, they do quite well in facilitating fast-paced gameplay.I'd love to see dedicated servers for this game.  I still want to play some more with matchmaking as it currently stands, but I really feel like dedicated servers would extend the longevity of the multiplayer experience.  I do think monitored, dedicated servers would reduce the complaints about lag and hackers.I don't think I've run into any hackers yet, by the way.  Maybe that will change as I play more, but thus far, it hasn't been an issue.Overall:Overall, I feel I can recommend this game based on the enjoyable campaign and the solid gameplay both in singleplayer and in multiplayer.  However, for all the reasons mentioned above, I'd suggest any potential buyer (if you're reading this, that's probably you) weigh the game's drawbacks on his or her own personal scale to determine whether the game is worth the investment.  For me, the game's flaws aren't game-breaking and I very much enjoy playing, and get excited at the prospect of playing.  For this simple reason—that I find the game fun—I'll give the game a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,209650,18081745,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Splunkjamma,I managed to grab this in the Steam sale for twenty pounds and thought why not?Welcome to Call of Duty Advanced Wank Fest Gash Edition. Features include:-Unable to detect a main monitor on PC's supporting more than 1 monitor.- Vomit inducing capped FOV designed for console peasants.- Utterly contrived and predictable main story.- Famous Actor- You play as Mark Zuckerberg- Run across a busy highway simulator. (Better envisioned and implemented in Frogger)- Repetitive dialogue barked at you throughout the game. Do this! Go there! Cross the street! Take more vitamins! Do     your homework! Vote Conservative!- Utterly tedious and nonsensical QTE's designed for ritalin fed children.- Better on rail simulation than Train Simulator 2015.- Uninstall worked 100%Multiplayer.- Had one guy join the lobby while waiting for a team deathmatch.- Uninstall worked 100% again.
76561197970493112,Not Recommended,209650,12823193,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,JonnyBlack,"Playing AW one can really see that this games was not made for the PC, and yet frame drops happen out of the blue. The audio is also out of sync with the videos, not cut scenes. While it is very slightly better than Ghost it can't touch the previous two MW. The single player simply feels flat. It feels like the color offwhite. Some of the mission are neat, but sadly only neat. I haven't been brave enough to attempt the what is certain to be infuriating multiplayer. Concluding, if you really like the CoD series then I would say get it, but don't expect to be visually blown away."
,Not Recommended,209650,12858290,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,(∩¬ ͜ʖ¬)⊃━☆ﾟ.*,"Still no dedicated servers, and MP is laggy as all ♥♥♥♥. DO NOT BUY THIS unless you want to quit in frustration. Hit detection is either HORRIBLE or great. You will have normal games in which your bullets land, and you will have complete KDR killer games in which you are a good second behind everyone else. I wished I read reviews before I bought it. I have more then 50 hours on the MP, I don't play single player (hence 0.2 hrs)."
,Not Recommended,209650,16268251,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MD,Cant find any other mode than tdm.
,Not Recommended,209650,22666883,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Lipton,Call of Duty 1 - 2003 = $20 <----- 13 Years AgoCall of Duty: Finest Hour - 2004 (Ad on) = $20 <---- 12 Years agoCall of Duty 2 - 2005 = $20 <----- 11 Years AgoCall of Duty 4: MW - 2007 = $20 <---- 9 Years AgoCall of Duty: WaW 2008 = $20 <---- 8 Years AgoCall of Duty: MW2 - 2009 = $20 <---- 7 Years AgoCall of Duty: BO1 - 2010 = $40 <---- 6 Years AgoCall of Duty: MW3 - 2011 = $40 <---- 5 Years AgoCall of Duty: BO2 - 2012 = $60 <---- 4 Years AgoCall of Duty: Ghosts - 2013 $60 <---- 3 Years AgoCall of Duty: Advance Warfare - 2014 = $60 <---- 2 Years AgoCall of Duty: BO3 - 2015 = $60 <---- 1 Year ago
76561198185266865,Not Recommended,209650,15639590,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SmokeYourself,this sucks. The game is horribly optimized for pc and is almost unplayable at times. and as far as multiplayer... good luck finding a match. wish i hadnt spent the money. just wasted
76561197961557230,Not Recommended,209650,12866997,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,^6Mitas,"I once told myself I would not by CoD games again.This game though, seemed like it tried to bring something new and graphics seemed nice on previews, so did gameplay....so I got lured into buying it.First off, once the 55g download is over, I try the campaign to warm myself up a bit.Cutscene looks great, but the FPS is awfull at some points, then the mess begins.Even though my computer is meeting the requirements, this game looks TERRIBLE and FPS is horrid. Pixels are big as hell and looks like im back on my commodor. I've tried to play with settings but the whole game reloads every single time making the process a real pain in this♥♥♥♥♥Multiplayer is clearly optimised for consoles. This is nowhere near a good skill FPS.If the 3 second lag on every single match does not kill your urge to play, the non-stop glitching and FPS freezes will. On some maps, my computer just keeps on freezing on and off making it impossible to play.Bottom line, this game clearly lacks optimisation on every aspects.****DO NOT BUY****"
,Not Recommended,209650,13314958,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Craigslist Cat Collector,"Decent single player. The multiplayer is absolutely terrible. For the first time, I want a refund on a game and I regret purchasing a digital copy."
,Not Recommended,209650,12836473,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,charliewaffles,"Don't buy this game, PERIOD! The lag makes this game absolutely unplayable. There's no dedicated servers and the matchmaking is awful. If you value your sanity, DO NOT buy this game. It simply does not work..."
,Not Recommended,209650,21854286,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Diken,"NO MULTIPLAYER, no active SERVERS. no tech support, no gamepad support (except Xbox gamepad), no good costumes. Comparingly nice singleplayer gameplay yet story mode is too dam short to compensate the money you'll pay for the game. IF YOU WANT TO BUY THIS GAME, THINK TWICE. Because no matter how little you expect from this game, it will be OVERPRICED."
,Not Recommended,209650,12843773,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,KrayzFatman,"Fun game to play and has real potential. HOWEVER, the lag issues on multiplayer render this game almost unplayable. No dedicated servers and incredibly poor optimisation. This will need to be fixed asap to give this game a real chance, seems yet again that PC has to take the back seat to console."
,Not Recommended,209650,25776907,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Monado Boy,community is dead. don't buy it
,Not Recommended,209650,15634858,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,[GgS]RobbaN,"This must be the worst programming in history. More bugs then I have ever seen. Programmers on this team is the bigest failure ever. Trying to correct one bug and adding another, backing the latest updates cause it doesnt work, but ending up building in more bugs then there where from the beginning. I would deffinately demand money back if I could, but I have spent to much time believing they will correct the bugs. Sad but true. I hope these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ never ever make another game."
76561198004865136,Not Recommended,209650,13743043,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Salty,do not buy this game. it is riddled with technical issues and multiplayer is mostly dead.i'd get a refund if i was able.
,Not Recommended,209650,12857465,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,CthePredatorG,"Here's how I feel about ""Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare"":(If you just want to see an overall review, scroll to the bottom and read everything after ""In short:"")(Before I begin, let me say that if I could give this a mixed thumb recommendation, I would)CoD:AW is a huge improvement over the failure that we all call ""Ghosts"" and is a good game overall, but lets face it. Ever since the release of ""Black ops II"", it seems that the CoD series developers (Treyarch, Infinity Ward, Raven and Sledgehammer) are getting desperate.This was particularlly visible in Ghosts, with Infinity Ward releasing all kinds of random, useless content, including character packs for the main characters of the Call of Duty: Modern Warfare series (Captain Price, Makarov, Soap, etc.), multiplayer voice packs (Drill Instructor and Snoop Dogg(Seriously?!?!)), weapon skins (They started selling those in Black Ops II), and adding modified versions of the Maniac Juggernaut in the form of some the most famous fictional movie characters of all time (Michael Myers, Predator, etc.) to ONE map in each of the DLC map packs! They knew that they had screwed up, but they didn't try to fix it, and instead, attempted to cover up their failure with the content listed above, which they failed to achieve as well.Now in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, Sledgehammer has done much better. They appear to be following in the footsteps of the original Infinity Ward staff in an attempt to add a new series of games to the Call of Duty franchise, where instead of World War II, the Vietnam/Cold War, ""Modern Warfare"", and whatever future Black Ops II was supposed to, its set in a ""realistic"" future. While they have suceeded in many ways, they still failed in some ways in the form of content.The big reason for this failure... Its content is EXTEREMELY similar to ""Titanfall"", a game released earlier in 2014, developed by Respawn Entertainment, a company formed by a majority of the former Infinity Ward staff, including Vince Zampella, one of the co-creators of the Call of Duty franchise & co-founder of Infinity Ward (the other co-creator & co-founder, Jason West, left Respawn shortly after the lawsuit between EA & Activision was settled)!Here's the list of gameplay/story elements that I've found in CoD:AW that are similar or the same in Titanfall:(This list is a work in progress. I will add to it if I find anything else.)Titanfall = The first playable Titan Chassis you get to play as in-game is called an ""Atlas.""CoD:AW = The company headed by Jonathan Irons (Portrayed & voiced by Kevin Spacey) in the campaign is called ""ATLAS Corporation.""Titanfall = There are Titans that you can use in battle that Respawn described as ""The ultimate evolution of a battletank.""CoD:AW = In an early mission in the campaign, you have to fight a battletank called a ""Titan"".Titanfall = The ship that you have to destroy or protect (depending on which side you are on) in the 5th mission of the campaign is called ""The Sentinal.""CoD:AW = The US Faction in the campaign is called ""Sentinal.""Titanfall = Any Pilot can double jump with their ""Jump Kit"".CoD: AW = The ""Exo Suit"" in multiplayer gives you the ability to double jump.Titanfall = There are drop pods that bring in spectres or grunts throughout multiplayer matches.CoD:AW = In the 1st campaign mission, you drop into battle using a drop pod (whose exterior looks almost identical to the Titanfall drop pods)Titanfall = One of the three tactical abilities a pilot can use is Active Radar Pulse, which shows the location of enemies (Pilots, Titans, Spectres, Grunts) every half a second or so.CoD:AW = The tactical grenade can be set to ""Threat"" before throwing to highlight enemy movement in real-time.(This next similarity contains SPOILERS for BOTH Titanfall and CoD:AW)Titanfall = Upon completing the eighth mission in the campaign, the IMC Commander, Vice Admiral Marcus Graves (Portrayed & voiced by Nathan Constance) (I believe he is British) leaves the IMC to become the commander of the Milita after being denied by his second in command, Spyglass, the chance to rescue IMC pilots from certain death.CoD:AW = While siding with Atlas throughout the first half of the campaign, Gideon (Portrayed & voiced by Gideon Emery) (I believe he is British), one of the most respected and well known soldiers in the Atlas PMC, joins Sentinal after learning the truth about Jonathan Irons and his plan to take down the US.There are probably other ways they are similar, but they are either irrelevent, I haven't seen them yet, or I've forgotten them. I will update this list if I find any other elements similar to Titanfall.I have now started a list of elements that CoD:AW has that are similar to other games. Thank you ""Ɗᴙλɠøὴ /¾/"" for the first similarity!Halo series = Some weapons (Assault Rifle, Battle Rifle, DMR, etc.) display the clip amount on the weapon itself.CoD:AW = All weapons display the clip amount, ammo count, tactical grenade count, and lethal grenade count on a holographic display projected above the weapon.-ƊᴙλɠøὴIf anyone finds a similarity to Titanfall or any other game that I haven't mentioned that you believe to be note worthy, post the name of the game or game series along with the similarity in the comment section, and I will add it to this review. Your steam username will be credited underneath your simiarity.In any case, from what I've seen so far, CoD:AW is Call of Duty's attempt to start fresh and for the most part, suceeding. But at its core, it's just putting on Titanfall's clothes and forgetting to zip it's jacket closed to hide the shirt underneath that says ""Call of Duty"" on it.PLEASE NOTE: I have done my research, and from what I have found, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was not in development before Titanfall. That being said, any comments regarding Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare beginning development and having these ideas before Titanfall WILL be deleted unless concrete proof is included in your comment!PLEASE ALSO NOTE: Any comments about similarities CoD:AW has to another game will be researched to be verified. Any similarities that turn up fake will not be added to the list, and your comment will be deleted.PLEASE ALSO ALSO NOTE: In the event someone does show me concrete proof that CoD:AW was in development AND had these Ideas before Titanfall, I will either change or remove this review.In short:It's DEFINITELY better than ""Call of Duty: Ghosts"" (I admit that it does make my top 5 CoD games at the moment)!BUT...It's DEFINITELY a ""Titanfall"" wannabe!It's an great game overall, but TItanfall is better (And was born first)!"
76561198054049936,Not Recommended,209650,28302790,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,OVERLORD,"Do not buy this. It's dead. Unless you only want to play the single player campaign, you will 100% regret it. Cannot stress it enough.When this game came out, it was a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not worth half the amount I paid for it. They blew it by releasing a completely buggy, laggy, and at times unplayable game that I should not have bought.In December 2016, I cannot locate a single game in multiplayer. They're still charging 60 bucks for it, which is a joke. Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,209650,14559998,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jambers,"Ok so in my opinion this is a great game however theres something that completely ruins it, the reason I'm not recommending this game on PC. It's far better on console. And the reason it says my play time is low is because it shows campaign play time.Pros:Multiplayer. Good maps. Exo Suits are fun. Suply drops are quite fun to collect. Double XP Bonuses. Not many squeakersSingleplayer. Decent Story. 7-8 hours play time to complete. Exo Suits againExo Survival. Fun. Challenging. Good weapon upgrade systemExo Zombies. Very fun. Good map (Theres only one so far). Lots of glitches on Xbox 360 (Not sure if they will be patched by the time we get it). Like Treyarch Zombies. ChallengingConsMultiplayer. Lag. More Lag. Even More Lag.... The EM1.... Lag again. No dedicated servers :O. Hackers. More Hackers.Guess what... LAGSingleplayer. Mission 10 - Bio Lab. StealthThats pretty much everything. The one reason I'm not recommending this is... TOO MUCH LAG AND TOO MANY HACKERS!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12799528,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"I gave the game a bad review out of frustration, but honestly it looks decent when my framerate isnt dying from some particles. It could use some fix releases. My GTX 680 should be able to run this just fine, but I was having horrendous framerate issues in open environments. Hopefully others can avoid this problem.The opening video was a little annoying each time I had to restart after lowering my settings again and again. The gunplay was fine, and the AI wasnt too bad. Anywho, this honestly seems like a fancier cookiecut of previous installments, which is what most of us expect from the franchise. The exosuits seem like a nice touch, for the 10 minutes I was able to run around indoors. As i've said, i'm not into the COD multiplayer, just the SP. Good luck to others who try, though. Not recommended unless you're willing to put time into figuring out why this or that is destroying your frames, if you have the same issues I have."
,Not Recommended,209650,12982269,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Friti Firecaster,"Summary:  Bland and Predictable.  Way too many Quick Time Events.  Forgettable characters.  Flakey keyboard/mouse controls.Given what I've encountered playing for 4 hours thus far, if I'd known all this ahead of time I would have given this a pass.  The single-player campaign just doesn't hold water, and reads/plays like a bad B-Movie.  And before anyone asks no - not interested in the Multiplayer at all.  If a game can't stand on it's own in single-player then it's not doing it's job.The upgrade system feels very much like it's not providing any real benefit. It's more akin to someone feeling like they had to check off a box on the list that says 'RPG elements'.Without spoilers, the plot is utterly bland and predictable.  The big reveal when it comes about is just so hum-drum that one just wants to get past it.Combat is a slog-fest.  Typical hide-behind-cover mechanics and ye'olde 'regenerating health' nonsense.Frankly, if they'd focused less on the vehicle sections... less on the innumerable QuickTime events... and gave the plot something different and interesting, then they might have had something here.  Instead it's just a mess.Give this game a skip.Now if you'll pardon me, I'm going to go back to playing some more PayDay 2."
,Not Recommended,209650,12864599,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,✅PreX' Stylez IHAV mononucleosis,"To be honest, i've been a complete fan of cod for the PC. My Favorite cod of all time was (Still is) Black ops 2 everything was just perfect about that game you can change ping settings and everything was just better than this, When i played AW i thought this may be the new best cod until hacked servers modded lobbys i hit prestige 3 in less then 30 mins because every server was hacked i went into. The horrible P2P lag is just awful. I would not recommend this game to anybody until they add dedicated servers. Stick to black ops 2 it still has a decent amount of people after like 2 years."
76561198109829756,Not Recommended,209650,13003618,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nonsense_MC,This game its terrible on the pc!!!! Don't buy it...
76561197961161285,Not Recommended,209650,13010403,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,tarax_lore,"I'm a bit angry at myself for forgetting how much the CoD series has♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC gamers since Modern Warfare. I bought this iteration in a fit of amnesia and regret it wholeheartedly. Reasons:Still no server control. You'll wait for players, you'll have ""intermission"", you'll have de-syncs, and your game wont load after you finally find enough players for a match. I'm not saying all the time, just enough that I'd call it common. I'm writing this after spending almost ten minutes looking for a game, then it only loading halfway. I have a stable net connection, and an 8-core rig running a 780 (it's not me).Even if everything works wonderfully, you get to sit around for 60 seconds doing nothing while the next match is queued (intermission). All the while there isn't even a chat box to talk to your fellow players. Why not? Probably because Xboxes dont have keyboards. Meanwhile, a few players from your last match will get bored and leave the lobby, so you get to sit waiting for more players to join your game, then do the 60 second countdown all over again.Want to play ""groundwar"", the large-group game setting that rotates between a few match modes? Well tough, not enough other people are playing that right now so you cant find a game. I tried to log in last night around midnight PST and was greeted with ""online services not available"". Was that a patch? Was that maintenence? God knows.I will say the single player campaign is visually stunning, even if it suffers from ""mash this button a lot because this is a console port and we think console players find this a fun mechanic"". Kevin Spacey does a great job, but no one buys CoD for the single player.Yes this game works sometimes, yes when it does the multiplayer is kind of fun, but unless youre looking for a $6/hr single player experience, or you're a moderate-to-huge CoD fanboy, you're probably going to regret buying it on the PC (just glance at other posts on literally any board)."
,Not Recommended,209650,13889690,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TechnoButt,"I want to love this game.   Cool weapons.   Awesome UT style movment (people say it's like titanfall, which obviously ripped off unreal tournament/epic).  But.. this game is loaded with hackers.  I'm not a noob.  I have 10k hours in FPS, and I can tell when someone is ... either elite or assisted in their aim/prefire/wall.  I cannot believe such a high percentage of my opponents, especially those with <2 years on steam, especially those with <300 hours of FPS gameplay on steam... can be so awesome.  So yeah.. prefire me, out aim me, ignore recoil in killcams, and generally pwn everyone (including me) in game.. I think you're hacking.  I wish it was rare, but it's not.  From what folks tell me, it's like MW2 all over again.  And I've been told that was possibly the most hacked game in the history of FPS.  It sucks not being able to find a game without inhuman aim and prefire.  I may be getting older and drunker.. but this game is amazingly full of BS.   Even people that didn't hack earlier COD (from what I can tell playing with them) are jumping on the 'code solution' in this game.  I really wish I had not bought the 'all DLC included' version of the game and saved myself $40.  I really thought a new developer (ie, sledgehammer games) would be better than Treyarch and their ilk.  Imagine my displeasure at whishing Treyarch had 'done this game'.  Hacking aside, annoyances like no fix for SAC3suppressed sound bug, movement bug when sprinting too often, the ridiculous imbalance among various weapon types, and the constant 'play online.. no service found' type issues .. well, it's sad I paid for this game.  If I had known what I know now, this would not be the game to bring me back to PC after 2 year hiatus.  It would be the game that made me embrace the controller on the xbox360/xboxone.  I wish I had bought this (and other) games on that platform.. which stings being a 10k+ hour veteran of PC FPS gaming."
76561198027066428,Not Recommended,209650,15647619,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Keeper_of_Precepts,"For one of the most expensive games on steam, I would expect everything to be running smoothly. It never seems to find available games to put me in for multiplayer, and multiplayer is the reason why I brought this in the first place!Single player is good and all, but I want to play against others online!!!!"
76561198019643154,Not Recommended,209650,13050156,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,JalamaMama,The lobby to join a game is terrible.  The maps stall on loading.  Wish I got paid to do♥♥♥♥♥♥work like this at my job.
,Not Recommended,209650,15652476,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Maddoxxx,"The game has a lot of engine problems that make the experience of playing most of the time painful, they tried to corrected the problems but unfortunately the patches instead of fix the problems, created more and more problems.not recomended."
76561198090722017,Not Recommended,209650,14929504,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TIGERSTYLE,"FPS gamer for 17 years now, and I only play multiplayer, so multiplayer fans this rant is for you:You pay out the nose for excellent internet? DOESN'T MATTER. Cause the host of your game is living in a cave running dialup so enjoy people teleporting all over the place and getting shot at from god knows where.The exo suits are a joke, and basically reward a bouncing sprinting laserfest. There is no tactical play whatsoever in multiplayer, even for hardcore game modes it only gets worse. If you don't have the twitchy lightning fast reflexes of a twelve year old and try to play tactfully on these dismally small maps, said twelve year old will run up your backside or come dropping down on you from the sky relentlessly until you rage quit. It's either learn to run and gun or find a different game. Anyone who wants a genuine ""warfare"" experience, this is not the game for you.No dedicated servers. AGAIN.TDM is the only multiplayer that will queue, if at all. Enjoy domination? Too bad. Enjoy capture the flag? Too bad. Enjoy new maps AND hardcore mode? Too bad, choose one or the other because the DLC exclusive maps don't have a hardcore option.No player base for PC. Move on, take your money elseware.I could rant all day, but then I'd be wasting even more time on this dissapointment.2/10 - I will never preorder from this company again."
,Not Recommended,209650,21598924,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MSI Gaming,"||| THIS IS MULTIPLAYER REVIEW |||Find a match>>No games foundClosed the game>>Run COD Ghosts>>Find a matchI couldn't imagine that a game with less players  got me a match immediately AND i do mean immediately! Also, put in mind the community of COD Ghosts!In other words THIS GAME HAS TERRIBLE NETWORK since the first day it was released and sledgehammer didn't fix it and it will never fix it, so the game is DEAD.If you are considering to purchase it for MP then don't don't don't..."
76561197969589652,Not Recommended,209650,12857430,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,[FnX]Sitkill,"This game is BROKEN. Constant CRASHES and boots from the game, cannot connect to the multiplayer servers, constant bugs, this is ridiculous. Activision should be ashamed, and they should be sued for releasing this. How can a game company this day and age release a game that CANNOT run? DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198016036811,Not Recommended,209650,12837522,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lat 2.0,"If you think you're going to use a sniper rifle in this game, think again. I would NOT recommend this game to anyone that is a sniper enthusiast. Took all the fun out of the entire game for me... If a pee-shooter SMG can take me out from 100 yards in a couple of hits and it takes my sniper 2, I repeat TWO, shots to kill him, the balance of the game is FLAWD! I KNEW not to buy this game, but impulsly had the cash to blow.... might as well bought a nice bottle of 15 year old scotch and I STILL would have enjoyed the headache from the hangover MORE than I do COD Advanced Warfare."
76561197986416959,Not Recommended,209650,12821723,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,MrH,"The PC port itself is good, but that's where the positives end. The lag, lag comp and disconnections make it impossible to enjoy the game. We were promised dedicated servers but instead SHG used the awful P2P system to save some $$$$$ at our expense. I haven't been able to play for over 3 hours today with all the server issues. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,209650,12806529,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,`'sinthètyQ,"This is precisely what I was looking for in a new COD game, a futuristic setting with iterated gameplay mechanics that offer a fresh new take on movement/mobility. Unfortunately what looks like an outstanding take on a stale formula is rotten at its' core due to the lack of dedicated servers support, plagued by insane lag compensation, poor mouse support and just overall poor Time To Kill balance on PC. The end result is a very frustrating online gameplay experience that I can't recommend to anyone who enjoys MP FPS games.single-frame-death-galore/10"
76561198058462674,Not Recommended,209650,12810003,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ghost,Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare The worst I've played and the connection is even more worse!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,13005805,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,h2o,Dont buy untill they add dedi server. otherwise game is fine and diff
,Not Recommended,209650,12856137,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Moist Biscuits,"Even when applying the fixes and overriding the game, it still defaults to my on board intel graphics chip rather than my more than enough nvidia graphics card, until they fix this I would not reccomend getting this if you have the intel graphics chip in your laptop."
,Not Recommended,209650,17530674,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Tobey,"Game is dead, no matches are ever found.. Good internet 300Mbps up/down, it's a shame the game is dead so quickly..There's a campaign, but it's rubbish.. Soo.. Exo Zombies? Rubbish too.. I feel the regret in my soul and wallet.PLEASE DON'T FOLLOW!!!"
76561198047116294,Not Recommended,209650,12851603,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,got99problemz,"This game can best be described as a pretty cover on a mediocore book. The characters and acting where on point but the story felt rushed and because of that I didnt get pulled into the game the way I had hoped. Control scheme is copy paste from the genre a few interesting aspects involving the 'Elysium' style battle hardware weren't enough to save the absolute lack of immersion. I recall a moments from Battle Field 4, which I haven't played in along time, that put this game to shame.  One big aspect is the lack of environmental influences. I was a soldier and experienced combat first hand....everything around you matters. In COD if I throw a grenade at an enemy behind lets say a vehicle for instance...the vehicle recieves no damage....the windows dont blow out..the tires dont deflate...the thing doesn't even suffer from ballistic shift. This ruined the game for me. Also NPC's dont display true physical atrophy from damage. Its 2014 guys...if I shoot something in the leg I expect it to fall down or hop to cover. If I hit someone point blank with a grenade launcher arms and legs should go flying. This is another example of a AAA hype title and I recommend you stay away from it untill it drops in price. This game is worth a $29 tag so wait till then."
76561198120382597,Not Recommended,209650,12797200,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,chode.skate,without dedicated servers you cant even have fun playing multiplayer. dont buy. cod4 is a way better use of your money
76561198198271450,Not Recommended,209650,23135210,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jbmc117,"Stay away from from this game. The multiplayer doesn't work. It keeps saying ""No games found"" for every game mode there is. Save your 60$."
,Not Recommended,209650,15286021,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ghostmonkeycatthing,"Greetings, I hereby provide the following reasons.Performance issues:-Not everyone owns a super computer. I study abroad, my laptop only runs on an 860M. Outdated in today's technological standards. However, capable in performing extra on games such as DAI, Revelations 2, Battlefield 4, Hardline. You'd think that since you're able to play all these graphic intense games, Advanced warfare should probably be a walk in a park. Well, think again. 60 FPS is almost non-exsistent, we're in 2015 for ♥♥♥♥s sake.Because advanced warfare isn't the most optimised games out there for the PC, running the game for long extensive hours could possibly wear out your hardware at an exponential rate. Updating your drivers could help, but I can hardly call that a fix.Gaming content:-The idea of the new supply drop system is by far, the most unique thing about Advanced Warfare. Though some may consider it a just system, i'd like to think otherwise. Most elite weapons that I have used, and by now, I have almost all, have been unbalanced, overpowered, and unfair to the other players who do not own the elite variant. For starters, weapon variants like MOST other games out there should only boost your tactical advantage by a small percentage instead of a huge margin. Players on the battlefield without the elites will feel short and at a total disadvantage during a standard one on one gunfight.Based on statistics, that a supply drop will only be granted upon first kill/death after every 45 minutes of ingame time. You're looking at a 15% chance on getting an Elite weapon OR cosmetic from each box, let alone random boosters and reinforcements. Because of this, Sledgehammer games have recently pushed out an additional way in obtaining these wonderful Elites from something called the ""Advanced Supply Drops"". Priced at $1.99 (1), $5.99 (3), $9.99 (5), $19.99 (10). But don't wonder like a blind fly into their twisted web of deception, in doing so, you'd only fall short as a victim of modern day internet microtransactions. The game as it is, already priced at $59.99, and an additional $56.95 for the season pass, and yet you get additional virtual items such as these as if it was never enough to begin with. This has to be the most expensive ""Call of Duty"" ever in the history of the franchise.Downloadable content for this game is restricted to only a few game modes. Ridiculous, considering the amount you spend. New weapons that were once unavailable, now premium for season pass and DLC holders. They show absolutely no balancing whatsover. Insignificant amount of cons overweighed by advantages that come with the DLC weapons. So long as you spend $15, you'd almost guarantee yourself plenty of extra kills on the battlefield.I already have the season pass but jesus, they still advertise it all over my app and steam every single day. How many ♥♥♥♥in times do you want one to purchase your DLC? :|Lack of players:-From an outstanding number of 35K players when it first released in November 2014, to a pitiful 8K peak based off statistics gathered in the past 30 days. Never in the history of online shooters, have I experienced that many people going inactive in the course of 6 months. I have clocked in 800++ hours and have had 15 days of in-map time, and sadly, I have seen friends come and go in the snap of a finger. Unfortunately, games on most modes stop after 0:00 (UTC), making it a ghost game. You're in luck if you manage to join 1 or 2 full 6v6 games but usually on common modes such as Mosh pit, Team deathmatch, and Search and Destroy. You can kiss goodbye to the rest of the other modes. They are redundant at this point.The quality of players are despicable. Commonly 12-25 yr olds thinking that the world owes them something. I've never seen a chatbox this amusing before in any shooter, let alone mmorpgs or anything that's online based and interactive with others. Call of Duty, in my conclusion, is mainly targeted for casual players. The moment you whip out dodgy skills and rack up the scoreboard, you've entitled yourself to the achievement of being the worlds most infamous video-game hacker in the history of mankind. That's just how the mindset has developed itself overtime.2015 = No dedicated servers.VERDICT: Did this call of duty manage to bring the franchise to it's former glory? To the days of Modern Warfare and Modern Warfare 2? Sorry, but not quite there yet.Though god forbid, feel free to utilize your fueling credits for your own personal guilty pleasures. Here, i'm just sharing my personal opinions and have justified as best as I could for the statements I have made. For those who are offended, my sincerest apologies, but quit your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and stop being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Warmest Regards,Unhappy victim of consumerism."
,Not Recommended,209650,14328828,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,FeelGood,"Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥I thought that this game would be perfect for some mindless jihad against people with slightly off-white skin, and I wasnt disappointed in terms of body count. Each mission has you kill a series of increasingly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puppies stuffed into human-shaped suits of fancy♥♥♥♥♥future armor gubbins. Enemies jitter and jerk like a home alone parkinson's sufferer, and will alternate firing into walls 20 feet above your head and firing a 10 bullet burst directly into your left retina.The real enemy is not the ""koreans"" ""chechens"" ""russians"" or the ""generic towelheads"" that so liberally litter the tastefully designed corridors that make up this game. The real enemy isyourselfyour teammates who, in a marvel of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design, wear the exact same clothes as your enemies and are all constantly trying to cram themselves up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like 3 vice-executives in a room with a shareholder. Fortunately, Activision foresaw the problem of friendly fire, and instead of making your teammates distinct, made them invincible. Thanks Activision.All you have to do is press M to become invincible and press W to walk forward. Your invincible teammates will kill everyone for you when they take a break from shouting clumsy exposition in a gruff, rough and tough Southern American accident for once.The story is really unique, and is wonderfully understateahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaha10/10 do not buy this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197967326866,Not Recommended,209650,12851389,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,carn1fex_,"no dedicated servers, bad frames, bad hitboxes, horrible PTP lag. WASTE OF CASH as far as multi player. Still has the flaws of any game that is PC PORT."
76561197984150286,Not Recommended,209650,13727781,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,silverfear666,"multiplay on this game is realy bad, spawning in the game is 1 fat joke because the game spawns u next enemy's and you die easy because off it . sometime's u can't even spawn in the game for 1 sec and if your unlucky it can happen a few time's in a row .than there is another problem off cheaters using aimbots.next problem is lagy♥♥♥♥♥♥servers ,next is u trying to take cover behind a wall and suddenly die, than u see the killcam and u see yourself dieing without seeing that u acctualy take cover?"
76561197991134869,Not Recommended,209650,12853536,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ouGouStou,"This game is a joke and not even a funny one.* edit for more info then :1. The story is a joke you've already been told.I only expected this game to provide what I experienced with most of CoD games : a decent story packing some spectacular action scenes.Remember landing in Normandy in CoD 2, planting the Russian flag in World at War or killing civilians in MW2 ? Nothing worth remembering here, everything feels like déjà-vu and in fact everything is déjà-played.2. The gameplay is a prank""Yeah go ahead jump around with your new equipment... Ooops should have told you that roof was off limits. Did that hurt?""""Look at all the things you can do... No not now... Nope... Try again later.""""We should block the bridge so they'll have to play frogger.""""Let's put a QTE here... and here... another one here... and a few there... Oh and make sure they'll have to watch the cutscene... Ok good, now time to pay respects""I swear I could hear the devs making fun of us.3. The AI is a hoaxI've watched a squadmate and an enemy hiding on the opposite sides of the same box for 2min.I then raged, tried to kill them both and got yelled at."
76561198052120902,Not Recommended,209650,26430674,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Z3PHYR,"Let me tell you how this game is doing right now;50,000 people used to live here... Now it's a ghost town.2 years ago everything was perfect the hype for this game was amazing and after COD: Ghosts everyone was looking forward to play this game. If you are going to play the SP go for it the story is very decent but the MP is dead and if you are lucky and have DLC maps maybe you can play Zombies."
,Not Recommended,209650,16956122,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Emmys,Less than 2000 players playing daily.Single player is not worth anywhere near 60$. DLC is useless.Do not reccommend.
76561198024275143,Not Recommended,209650,12882362,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Popstar4,cant play it. absolutely crap
,Not Recommended,209650,15434969,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jacob,MULTIPLAYER DOESNT WORK!!!!
76561198018540287,Not Recommended,209650,14083429,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Blood for the Blood God,"I really wanted to like this game. The campaign story is much better and the campaign gameplay is very good as well. The exosuits are a nice twist in the Call of Duty formula. HOWEVER, the game does not run well on PC. Many people have experienced significant lag and frame rate drops. And this ruins any kind of possible fun. Oh, dont' forget the dedicated servers we were promised. Well they're not here. In short, the PC version is absolute TRASH. I'm not sure how are console brethren are faring but from what I hear they're doing fine. So, don't buy this game on PC. Buy it for consoles, you'll have a much better experience."
,Not Recommended,209650,31987647,Posted: 26 May,all,Doctor Crab,"Campain is ok, Multiplayer is COMPLETELY dead, don't really like the movements and the weapons are super overpowered. Overall, not worth 59,99"
,Not Recommended,209650,26258533,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,crypto,No games found in multiplayer
76561198066456385,Not Recommended,209650,14077948,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,obama8mychicken,"Ranked play is non existent at low levels.  Dont know about level 1 or higher...Survival is active somewhat,  feels like world at war except people dont play it."
76561198030006475,Not Recommended,209650,14727126,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,mtm1611,"This game is the worst yet! It does not play, the stuttering screen even with an Asus AMD Radeon R9 280 DirectCU II Top Graphics Card (3GB, GDDR5. I have basically just parked the game and said no more.I just dont know how they get away with it selling Sh..t like this.If i could give it half a dozen thumbs down i would."
76561198024826675,Not Recommended,209650,12936354,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dark Josh NZ,No dedicated servers still. Can't recommend until they have them!
,Not Recommended,209650,12800158,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DangerBanana,"The pro's:- It has guns- It has attachments- You can have fun with the emblem creator- The boost mechanic is fun for 5 seconds before it derps.The con's:- Same sh*t, different year.  Expect nothing new from this CoD- Matchmaking seems broken.  I get high ping (one bar, I guess 200+ at least) in every single game.  Much lag and rubberbanding ensues.- The maps are tiny and filled with camp spots- The maps have ye ol' invisible walls to stop you from boosting to some places.- The guns aren't very interesting at all and most of them are either OP or UP. Game needs rebalancing.- Hit detection has become even worse than it already was.- 2x headshot needed to kill with sniper? (might be failing hit detection)- Reskin of previous CoD.- Often doesn't recognise dodge key combo (doubletap)- Game is 2 days old and already seen some reports of hackers (Good job on the security)- The community sucks as much as always, but there's the mute all option to prevent squeely kids.  Which is nice.On a sidenote:   The single player campaign isn't much to write home about.  Standard 'Murica story is standard.That is all.  Buy it if you want.  It doesn't seem worth the 60 euro tag.  More like 30."
,Not Recommended,209650,12797587,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Supreme Arabian Gentleman,"*EDIT:I come back to this game every now and then, still♥♥♥♥♥♥every time.*Pros:Can rapidly press the uninstall button."
76561198040914808,Not Recommended,209650,13015693,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TheNautilator,"Do not purchase this game. It is not working for the PC and after several hours with nearly a dozen different issues and errors, I'm fed up with it. No other game has given me this amount of trouble, and it is completely unacceptable to allow an unfinished product be released for $60 that requires you to hack it in order to ♥♥♥♥ing play it."
76561198160798564,Not Recommended,209650,14545530,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,lurpping,"the game is just so so. the game is a real let down after spending $100.00 for dig.delux found the game constantly lagging,  totally eat up with hacks because of no deadicated servers like they said were comming.  haven't see aupdate since playing the game and I paid for early access.  There are many better fps multi play games at a lot better price I would not recommend the game to any of my friends.  On the up side it can be fun constantly jumping around and killing everyone with the lazer weapon which is way to op in the game it is a no skill weapon and a real pain for players who are serious gamers.  The game is simply a PS ,X box game put out for PC's  dont throw your money away there are better games out there liek sniper elite."
76561198017283725,Not Recommended,209650,13311466,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Stabby,"I have almost 600 hours of Multi player gameplay, the game itself is great fun. However, the porting of this game feels like it was done by some teenager, every update doesn't fix the main issues and tends to break something else. This could have been a great game for all gaming communities, but sadly COD just doesn't seem to care anymore.Still on an old dying engine, old ghost coding being used, people with top of the line computers having graphical issues. Lag compensation is ridiculous. Set latency at 800, who the heck can play above 200?This game could have been as popular as CS:GO for the PC community, but they just had to be greedy. We still have not seen dedicated matchmaking servers, their promise of it being a mixture of the two is an out right lie.The fact that they even bother making it for PC is beyond me, they obviously don't care nor do they do proper testing of their game. They continue the catering to Xbox users, which is still beyond me, when we all pay the same if not more as xbox users.Until they give us rentable servers my advice is don't buy this game or any other COD title, unless you have a an Xbox."
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,209650,13036248,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"Single player- Great graphics, predictable but fun story,  decent variety of weapons, exo suits are forgettable and dont seem to add much change is most scenerios.  Overall for short length and painfully predictable ending...7.5/10-If this was the beginning on the COD series and I had no other COD's to compare it to, it may have been a amazing game but since this is far into a stale series...could have been much better. Purchase tip-if only for SP hold off for sale!Multiplayer-Again good graphics, sounds, map are small for the speed and jump power you have in multiplayer, the spawns are random and almost feel broken most of the time as you will literally spawn next to enemies.  maybe even inside!Hectic, arcade, arena are three words that come into mind and down right unenjoyable. I have gave it almost 30 hours to impress me and i cant see wasting another minute playing...started off fun...but quickly lost its appeal. 6/10 at most.  Purchasing for mutli..expect better then MW3 and black ops series, but still not comparable to MW2 and COD 4 AW.An overall let down."
,Not Recommended,209650,26118160,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Kristianmik,Don't buy it.1. No players playing it.2. crazy hitbox.3. Bad content.4. Weird akimbo LMGs5. P2WThese are some of the worst things in this game. I am sure there is plenty more.Waste of money..
,Not Recommended,209650,13856371,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],"it's fun enough for a brainless shooter on those days you just want to chill out on, but recently I've seen a pretty big influx of players who are blatently hacking. (snapping to one player, killing them, instantly snapping to another player right behind them.)though there's always going to be hackers in any game, with the perceived lack of any decent anticheat here, it's going to get you salted right quick. especially when you stop to wonder how many other hackers are going around who aren't trying to be blatent and hide themselves, etc.the developers are also incredibly console-centric in regards to their updates and don't seem to focus on any data given from PC at all when doing a patch for it, which is incredibly noticable with it comes to balance issues. advanced warfare also shipped out in a terrible state of optisimation that leaves more then a few maps unaccessible due to lag. however, playing mosh pit dosen't put you in these maps thankfully.if you're looking to get this game, save yourself a lot of trouble and just get it on console."
76561197983601153,Not Recommended,209650,12907629,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sorrowfalls,3/5
76561198028290553,Not Recommended,209650,12801792,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Louk,I think someone using aimbot.♥♥♥♥♥♥i should buy Evolve.
,Not Recommended,209650,25489359,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ArtaKia [Rct-4534],I dont understand why i have paid 60 dollars for a game like this.I bought this to play multiplayer but there are no players. Well rip 60$. This game is way to expensive for 60$. I dont recommend it.
76561198120666777,Recommended,209650,35196936,Posted: 24 September,all,gluefactorybjj,"I've played, and enjoyed, most of the COD games and this one is no exception. The only complaint I have about the COD games is that the campaign doesn't seem long enough.  It's not bad, I just end the game feeling like I wanted more and that there ""should"" have been more.The game mechanics are among the best, though.  I like just about everything about the gameplay.Recommended.PS. I have high game hours because I leave the game running in the background when not playing.  Also, I do NOT like multiplayer games, so this review is of the Campaign portion, only."
76561198015671386,Not Recommended,209650,12908101,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Shadowzyn,"The single player for this game was fun as hell, but 10 minutes in the multi was like...♥♥♥♥ this.  same old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t as all the other COD games.  I have a family and a job and no time to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game where I get smacked down for hours on end because some grade school kid or some unimployed hack has nothing better to do with there time.  I hate to be the guy who leaves a review like this, but 60 bucks down and a multi-player game i can never enjoy really has me down."
,Not Recommended,209650,12819449,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,A_Perfect_Champion,"After playing a few days, I decided to give this a review. (I have 64 hours in multiplayer)The new movement system is awesome, it is similar to unreal tournament (gameplay is far from it obv, but you know what I mean). The whole idea is great, but the execution sucks once again. No dedicated servers, and I am not able to join many games since my NAT type is closed (my ISP locked my router and will not change it), I am left barely finding any lobbies and cant even play with my friends.Also, cheaters. I have rarely ran into any hackers in the past few CODs, but this one is different. I run into a cheater about every 3-4 games.A few good things is that there are no claymores in this series (THANK YOU).There are lots of bugs in multiplayer and (EDIT) after 2 months are STILL not fixed. Such as everyone on the map hearing the silenced vector shots as if they were shooting it. Also the movement has a great idea but its clunky, its hard to explain it but when you tap opposite directions, you shouldnt ""accidently"" dodge in one. Also the akimbo vectors take literally no skill, pretty much like akimbo FMGs in MW3 or G18s in MW2 equivalent.The singleplayer was pretty good, not great, but pretty good. It is better than ghosts (well anything is), but my fav single player moments are still in CoD4 and MW2. Spoilers aside, nothing too special, just some action here and there and a ok-good storyline. I do have to add that the cutscenes do look pretty sexy.In conclusion: This game is not a ""breakthrough"", it is just another call of duty. If you want to run around and shoot, it might be worth 20 bucks, but I rarely see any COD titles go on sale more than 25% since Activision is so stingy. If you want to play singleplayer, just torrent it."
,Not Recommended,209650,23037462,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,G2 - apEX,"Overall, I do like this game for the improved gameplay mechanics and SinglePlayer campaign although being lackluster in a sense that you can predict key plot points quite easily in the first hour or so into the campaign. I really do enjoy this game and felt like the SinglePlayer and MultiPlayer was worth it at the time I bought it.That being said, the multiplayer of the game is almost if not already dead as you will queue up for ages just trying to find Capture the Flag matches. Thus, for that sole reason, I would not recommend this game to anyone in the current state it is in."
,Recommended,209650,12798571,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tekky The Human,"And the Lord said thusly, ""Let There Be Kevin Spacey!"".And lo, Kevin Spacey was released upon the world.And then there was Kevin Spacey.And Kevin Spacey was good.God Bless Kevin Spacey."
76561198050856237,Not Recommended,209650,13071372,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Rich,"So first the specs to run this are so intense which kills player base. Probably the worst CoD I've played to date. Sniping is pointless because the increased movement speed makes it more than annoying to hit a sniper shot unless someone is on an objective or running blindly. Third, assault rifles have more range than snipers which is hilarious. This game game preys to the CoD player that wants to run around and hipfire like a blind monkey because good luck aiming down your sights when someone is boosting."
,Not Recommended,209650,16911368,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,||NwF|| Each it and I,Cheaters and lag.
,Not Recommended,209650,12907721,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Andor,"Don't buy this game, how many years has it been out and there are still hackers in mp, with no admin to remove themhow many thousands of dolars do I have of games on steam and they wont give me a freakin refund for this POS? complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no one waste your time with exactly what we've learned to expect from Activisions CoD cashcow..."
76561198002420464,Not Recommended,209650,12869835,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nwt3D,"Day Zero, great time.  Day one, lag.  Lag everywhere.  This is a great game ruined by horrible lag.  I would advise to wait till we get dedicated servers before you purchase."
,Not Recommended,209650,14832351,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,NS DAN,I'm normally too lazy to write reviews.Reasons not to buy it:1. Regular connection issues.2. Maps are not optimized. Lots of lag.3. The tactical game types have no playerbase.4. Less players online than either Black Ops.Reasons to buy it:1. You get to yell at hackers on a regular basis.2. Lazers....pew pew.3. Kinda have a jet pack.4. You get alot of easy kills because other people's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pcs can't handle this game.
,Not Recommended,209650,13786908,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kILLLA // P1,"I will review all 3 aspects of the game in 1 review, the TL;DR version is simple... Worst COD I've ever played.Campaign (4/10, interesting storyline, everything else poor)The first 5 missions featured nothing massively interesting or unique, it was relatively boring and didn't make a good first impression. Thankfully it sped up and more unique and engaging missions were available but still, not on the same level as previous COD's. I found the storyline to be above average, the concept of biological weapons and a central power house is a lot closer to reality than people believe... Sledgehammer's take on this was nice to see. UNFORTUNATELY, the characters audio and lips were so out of sync and on my second play through the audio had vanished completely (many people have experienced this). Beyond this the way cut scenes worked was nothing short of a joke, they were long and you had no way of skipping them (even if you had already seen them previously). Finally, a problem with every recent COD, it was FAR too easy... I played through on Veteran and died 3-4 times.Exo-survival (3/10, easy and excruciatingly long)I disliked everything from the aesthetics, to the functionality and length. Why does it do round count in X^2? O.o Anyways, aesthetics are a minor flaw, the real problem is how painfully easy it is. On my first map, bio-lab, I reached round 144 (where my friend had to leave) and I thought we were great... I quickly realised we're not and the reason we reached that round number was because it is insanely easy. There are 12-15 maps to complete and you have to clear a certain amount of waves per map to unlock the following maps (around 25). It claims that each set of maps become more difficult but this is a clear lie, the only thing that was more difficult about them was maintaining concentration after the hours of boredom. The last wave had zombies and a cute twist but it's not worth all the time spent, it was used soley to boost DLC purchases... disgusting.Multiplayer (2/10, worst gaming experience ever)I don't know where to start so I've broken it down into what my main issues are with this game:- General issues- Movement > Accuracy- Classes- Ranked play- Developer support, you buffed the laser?My general issues are somewhat trivial and personal, but here they are. There's no public combat record, the combat record to me was a mark of who you were as a player and how good you were. In previous COD's you could see someone's stats in the pre-game lobby and if he had 100+ nuclears with 400 unstoppables and a 2KD you'd recognise that he is good... you also knew if his Win/loss ratio was only 0.5 that he was a camper. This is absent in AW and for no good reason, there is a private combat record so why hide it? And why hide the number of players ingame? With a lack of players on PC it's imperative for me to know how many people are in each playlist so that I know I'm not wasting my time searching for a SND game at 1am. I also believe this feature, or lack thereof, has resulted in less people playing gametypes that are not called TDM or Domination. Thankfully, FOV slider was implemented from day 1 :D but it resets every time you go into 3rd person... which SND forces -.-Movement in this game sounded like a great idea but it has been pushed too far; you can jump too high and boost-dash too fast. It has increased the pace of an already fast FPS to a disgusting speed where no control can be maintained playing solo, any player can be anywhere on the map at any given time and you have no way to stop them... map control is now a myth. When a player dashes they move too quickly to be tracked, you have to alter your thought process to shoot at the area their dash will finish (unless you have a controller, controller players are a joke on AW). Due to this fundamental change the game is no longer about who can aim more, it is about who can button bash the most... we might as well rename it to Tekken warfare. In SND you will most likely enoucnter an enemy within the first 4-5 seconds, in the following 4-5 seconds it is entirely possible that the other team is already in your full flank. In CTF / Uplink you can run the ball / flag across map in little over 5 seconds... yet the respawn delay is set to 5 seconds? This would be fine if it was balanced, but it isn't... there is no negative aspect to the speed (except appearing on the mini-map, which can be easily countered and is not an issue in respawn gametypes due to the speed). In previous COD titles in order to be on the 3rd story of a building you had to sacrafice time and positioning for it, you could see limited areas of the map and in order to get down you had to fall or use a ladder / stairs which all come with disadvantages. In AW you can free flow between ground / 2nd / 3rd floors in seconds without any consequence.Perks / equipment and streaks are perhaps the area they destroyed the most, since we already had a system that worked just fine. For someone who enjoys streaking, the perks are a mess, 4 of the neccessary streaking perks are in the 3rd slot with almost nothing useful in the 1st and 2nd slot. They've also removed deadsilence which means in SND the soundwhoring is a joke, it's not a big deal in respawn however. My primary problem with this is they removed it on the basis that they don't want perks that are 'essential'... YET THEY KEPT IN TOUGHNESS!?!?! I remember painkiller being annoying, it was disgusting, then we moved on and I was happy to leave deathstreaks in the past :) But AW went 'maybe we should bring back painkiller?, yeah maybe we should bring it back and make it readily available whenever you want with no sacrafice required'. Exo-Stim is a joke... INVISIBILITY is a joke. Yes if they're moving it's easy to see them but if they corner camp inside hills where nades and players are flying everywhere it's impossible to find them. The exo-abilities are reason enough to rage, nevermind anything else... but there's much more. Due to double jumping all forms of explosives are now completely overpowered, you can double jump and fire down a rocket launcher destroying everything (flak jacket doesn't save you), previously campers had to go to standard elevated camp spots to fire their noob toobs, now they have free reign to do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want and it's simply out of control. Stun grenades... stun grenades... please give me strength. Stun grenades are EBOLA. They stun you (this is fine), FLASH YOU, AND BUST YOUR AIM. They have 3 effects which no 1 perk can counter, meaning if you want to truly counter them you are forced to run 2 perks (which means sacraficing blast surpressor because toughness is essential) - this has hindered competitive drastically in my opinion. Finally, the streaks are completely useless unless they have 3 modifications which makes them slightly better, a fully upgraded Paladin requires 1800 score approximately and will get you 5ish kills... useless.Ranked play is what I expected to be the only saving grace, however pre-patch it included momentum, non-competitive maps, 0 restrictions on class set ups and the availablity of on-going sessions to searching players. The amount of times I joined games into a losing situation because previously people had rage quitted... AND LOST POINTS because of it. I will not get into too much detail because they patched it and fixed many things, LASER STILL ISN'T BANNED THOUGH IS IT.I am next to the character count so I have to be quick, THE DEVELOPERS ARE ♥♥♥♥♥. No dedicated servers, patch release took over 1 month, no anti-cheat... waste of time and money. On console (due to no aim assist when hipfiring) the laser was not OP so they buffed it, however PC aim is the same ADS or not, this shows how little COD developers care about PC players.I hate this game."
76561198159984329,Not Recommended,209650,13122627,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Wolvenfang,"I waited for 10 minutes, 10 minutes looking for a game. Which everyone left so I could not even get inside the game itself. I have not played at all, because I can't join games. Is the company going to return my money? No. So yeah don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,209650,13168532,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CycloneZ,"I reccommend this game, but not for now. Nuff said"
,Not Recommended,209650,29577272,Posted: 29 January,all,Chrissuebacca,"The campaign was ok-ish, the mutliplayer is unplayable.  Its just dead room, after dead room, if your thinking of purchasing this game, it will solely be only for the campaign."
76561198107320987,Not Recommended,209650,12930241,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SAMURAI,server need to be fixed .....bad servers verey bad
,Not Recommended,209650,12807236,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Leonhardt,"No dedicated servers, hit reg is terrible and the game is a bloody mess. I like that they added more movement options, but its annoying that you cannot fire while dodging.Anyway the first line should be enough reasons for me to safely say DO NOT BUY. Once again the CoD franchise puts Consol gamers above PC gamers and gives us a second hand port meant to make a quick buck. This is the last one I buy."
76561197983102763,Not Recommended,209650,12802636,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,.Lupēy*,"Completely unplayable. The game locks up or crasshes every few minutes. In the timespan of about 15 minutes I was able to enjoy the unskippable intro cinematic many many times, multiple game restarts since no matter what setting you change an entire game restart is required, with which you have to watch the intro cinema to even get to a point where you can change settings, let's not even talk about the complete and utter omission of a settings tab on the ""main menu"". The two minutes of stable gameplay I was able to find was almost enjoyable, minus the constant stuttering and momentary lock ups. First time back to COD in years and I'm remembering that wonderfully warm feeling of the steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Activision drops on PC's chest every time. Fond memories."
,Not Recommended,209650,15252098,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,wasd,Save your money for GTA 5 & DON'T BUY IT !
76561198072180814,Not Recommended,209650,12892155,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,haz:mat,"Once again what could have been a great game on PC has been let down by lack of PC support on Activision's part. Once again they lied to their customer base promising dedicated servers pre launch (there are various sources in which the developer promised we would get dedis this time). Once again we get stiffed with console style P2P hosting, because the devs / publisher are unwilling to properly support the PC community's needs, regardless of statements made prior to launch. This game could be the best COD in some time, but laggy lobbies due to lack of dedicated servers, cheats & hacks remaining unchecked & various other connectivity / crashing issues + the ridiculous map load times leading to connection timeouts make this purchase more frustrating than fun. this will be my final COD purchase ever if they do not give us dedicated servers, as promised. Basically it's Ghosts all over again. Same getting bent over by Activision as last year... only this time there's a little lube"
,Not Recommended,209650,12836244,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,dro,Crashed and deleted my savegame and that on the 3rd last map.. lol
,Not Recommended,209650,12867899,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Philip J Fry,"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is a step in the right direction. It does somethings very well, they added game mechanics bring some new life to an otherwise stagnate franchise. Though everything that they added into the game also breaks the game. The new exo-suit works great to add more mobility to the game. This also causes the Call of Duty 3 lane map system to go out the door. You can reach any part of the map with ease now. You will constantly find yourself being shot from behind and unknown places. I almost feel as if its added to much mobility. To the point where the game feels rushed to to fast paced for my taste. You need to have 360 degree awareness at all time of you will be killed from behind every time.  Also the killstreaks for once seem under-powered and take more work to earn them. So when you kill 7 people for a UAV it doesn't seem very useful.Now I'm not saying this a bad game by any means, because its not. I see CoD AW as a better game then the last few  in the Call of Duty series.  Its diffrent and thats what makes it better, but the improvement just isnt enough. It seems like the new stuff AW added just seems sloppy and there are other games that do it better.Pros:New ContentNew Game MechanicsFast PaceCons:No dedicated serversBad NetcodePoor optimizationUnbalanced GunsWeak ScorestreaksFast PaceSame copy and paste storyline"
,Not Recommended,209650,28418432,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,KimJongKang,"THIS IS THE WORST F****NG GAME.  THERE IS A BUG WHERE YOU CANT PLAY ANY MULTIPLAYER.  I WANT A REFUND, THEY SHOULD FIX THIS BUT IT HAS BEEN 2 YEARS AND THEY STILL HAVEN'T.  THEY TRICK PEOPLE INTO BUYING IT AND THEN YOU ONLY CAN PLAY CAMPAIGN.  DO NOT GET THIS GAME.  IT IS THE WORST COD GAME EVER."
76561198007038945,Not Recommended,209650,12806102,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ulfhedknar,"Plan on waiting 5 minutes whenever you change a setting like graphics, mouse, etc. Every time you adjust any setting the game forces you to rewatch the intro cutscene (lasting 5 minutes). The game runs very poorly on my upgraded Alienware Aurora. IT also has no dedicated servers so once you are done with the campaign, the game is pretty much over."
,Not Recommended,209650,12802499,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TheHeartBaker,"Nice game, the story is nice but has a lot of bags, maybe because its a new game. Hope they will out new patches which will fix the game."
,Not Recommended,209650,12799942,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,FallingFlamingo,"Maybe it's just me, but i like to be able to play my video games. I don't like to look at the same failing loading screen 500 thousand times. Fix the game."
76561198086711029,Not Recommended,209650,25081698,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dr.Zoidburg,"Its actually a pretty alright game, when it works. crashes all the time. dont waste your money"
,Not Recommended,209650,12972838,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,pup,"lag city, remember the old days when you went to blockbuster and rented a scratched ps2 game? this is 15 times worse than that. no crossfire support, 21:9 monitors are not supported. just way behind."
76561198016113465,Not Recommended,209650,20732797,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,el_aleman_44,Worst CoD ever.
,Not Recommended,209650,12869943,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vaemor,Same game different package; multiplayer doesnt even work. Never wasting another buck on Call of Duty.
76561197960822093,Not Recommended,209650,18969330,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,uwilltry,no dedi servers kills this game going back to bf
,Not Recommended,209650,13170478,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CantgetRight!!,"I tried it dispite my better judgement.   Problem is the game is just ok. There are tons of different game types  but, with no -one really playing anything but, TDM and if your lucky a few in DOM you don't get to experiance the game and all it's options. Activisions peer to peer match making is still the biggest joke since it was introduced in MW2. PC versions of any fps multi-player needs dedicated servers. Players want a sense of security against hackers. Automated anti-cheat systems standing alone coupled with no ability to choose with whom and where you play is frustrating. It's like buying a car that your never allowed to drive.  I would recommend waiting to see if the Dedicated servers that are ""in the works"" become a reality.  If they don't put in dedicated servers don't waste your money. Just let COD finally die.So, some  time has past and Call of Halo: Bunnyhopping lagfare is still not supporting dedicated servers. Well they have dedicated servers......according to an artical I read this means that Activision has servers dedicated to  only running this game with their unpresadented peer to peer match making system.....Ahem !!... Not really the discription I would have used but, marketing is marketing i guess. I think what disappoints me the most is I allowed myself to get suckered into buying another $60 pile of crap. I bought it digital down load so I don't even get to wipe my♥♥♥♥♥♥with the box. I found Black-ops 2 for $28 bucks ( the one COD game I didn't buy when it came out and wish I had) with all the map packs and enjoy it more than Ghosts/Advanced warfare put together.If you own black-ops 2 re-install it. If you don't....then buy it. There are still more people playing it than AW."
,Not Recommended,209650,12798687,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,PlayerVerseMonster,Can I have a refund a please it doesnt work...
,Not Recommended,209650,12811070,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mihr,"Ultra tiny MP maps, a boring campaign, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sound effects, every gun is a laser pointer accuracy wise EXCEPT the gun that is literally a laser point. That one kicks like a mule.  Horribly optimized, it's the only game I own I cannot set at max settings because of it."
76561198005442922,Not Recommended,209650,12812619,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Negotiator,"Bought the game due to positive reviews. Game's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ p2p matchmaking to people with 56k connections as hosts, gunplay sucks, graphics are uninspiring, same level design with circular chicken little patterns but now with the added benefit of spazzing around in the air with 200 ping to host."
,Not Recommended,209650,12972177,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,goffagoffa364,NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!! GO GET ANOTHER GAME INSTEAD OR A KNFIE ON CS:GO!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,25383254,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,RadShibeXD,Absolute garbage
,Not Recommended,209650,12806709,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Stoner Zombie,"When the hell will the call of duty franchise start beta testing their products before releasing?! Every time they have lag and server issues on release! If you know this is a common problem on release, beta test with the public before and fix the issues! Battlefield has got that figured out pretty well.Seriously, fix the damn lag issues. It's not our internet, it's your crappy game.The gameplay is fun, when you aren't lagged into a random spot and killed somehow."
,Not Recommended,209650,12966183,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Donnie,"something went  seriously wrong with this game's optimisation. I  get so many framerate hiccups its vomit inducing,and  its not like i'm playing on a toaster,its a good mid range pc with a gtx 760......money wasted"
,Not Recommended,209650,12975400,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lily,"Well, first of all, if you have AMD forget this game, not playable. Let's forget the connectivity problems this game has with 8 ping servers, in 118 minutes of gameplay I experienced 5 crashes, how lovely!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12973868,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Kzarren,"Looked really promising in the begining, but after playing some mp for a while, it's just the same old.The exo skeleton is a nice touch but gets quite annoying in mp, op guns, campers, all the stuff you can find in a Cod game."
76561198044248063,Not Recommended,209650,12868383,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Chicken McNazi,"This is the best call of duty in a long time, which makes it a decent + game. still not worth 60 euros. it's still not fun to run around the map for 20 seconds, then fight for 1 second, die, respawn and then get killed by the roof camper on the other side of the map. also shotguns are even more useless than in previous cods.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the multiplayer is not fun at all."
,Not Recommended,209650,17150982,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mr 0strich,Horribly optimized. No one plays it for good reasons. Don't buy unless you're trying to burn money.
76561197993486516,Not Recommended,209650,12882413,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Assman,severe graphics problems... not ready for release. will be requesting refund immediately. another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t review from ign.
,Not Recommended,209650,17525689,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,James,No games found.. What happened to AW...
,Not Recommended,209650,12856370,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SpicyDog,"Activision has failed to inspire YET AGAIN. The PC was a complete afterthought, and it shows. The game has serious stability problems, and other graphical bugs. If you absolutely must, wait until it goes on sale and they've released a few patches.Terrible quality, terrible value. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,12938964,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Adamski,"Pros- New mechanics, making the twitch shooter even more twitchy with the introduction of jetpacks.- A cliche, and inherently linear campaign made tolerable thanks to some well crafted Michael Bay-isms, locales and Kevin Spacey's acting.- Slightly improved graphics to bring it in line with, ahem, ""next-gen"" (or whatever)- One of the better optimisations of a COD game on the PC (but WHY have they locked the frame rate to 91FPS maximum??!)Cons:- The story seemed like it was devised by small children, the campaign's gaping plot holes that I couldn't help but notice thanks to some rather rushed writing and bad dialogue.- Despite the new bells and whistles, MP did get flat after a few solid hours like the last 5 instalments.If you want a decent COD game, just get MW2 or Black Ops 2, cheaper and much more thorough experience."
,Recommended,209650,13799038,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Immy,"I would definately recommend this game,  it is a lot of fun and very cool,Graphics are awesome, the weapons are awesome,  most definately , some crazy advance warfare xD lives up to its title"
,Not Recommended,209650,12869653,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bingo-bongo,do not buy this game its a waste of $65.this game is un-playable. im so glad that i got this game its so much fun to lag out and get kicked from online games. and no its not because i have bad internet i have 50mps speeds i should have no problem playing this game but because of it being a crap port its simply un playable and the single player is evern worse then the online play but i guess thats what i get for buying a cod game. if you have a ps4 get it for that other wise stay clear of this garbage.
76561197968707517,Not Recommended,209650,12869173,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sun Wukong,"I have never purchased a COD game for the campaign.  I don't hink I have ever even played more thna 5 minutes of any of them, I am 100% multi-player.  This a COMPLETE waste of money.  Do not be fooled by the hype like I was.  This is my message to all fellow Steamers, DO NOT BUY THIS!  It's a dumbed down console game with P2P servers only.  The person with the WORST connect, HOSTS the game.  Shooting someone first, means nothing, hitting someone 10 times n your screen means nothing.  The killcam will show you missing with most of your shots.  Maps are small and with jumping, it's just a mass of hopping and spraying.  I am partially to blame for this POS's existence, I paid for it with hard earned $60 and will never buy another COD again.  Activision 1, Sledgehammer 1, PC gamers 0"
76561198060171598,Not Recommended,209650,12879015,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,XTerminator,"There are currently no dedicated servers,I am bored of disconnecting from servers and ofcourse my favorite ""The Call of Duty Advanced Warfare server is not available at this time,You can't even find a server without lag.Multiplayer is too fast-paced,but ı'm having fun.The singleplayer is a BLAST,It's really funny to play singleplayer.I would like to recommend this game but they're a lot of things unfinished especially on multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,209650,12869391,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,LordCrc,"Pros:- Graphics- Exo suit changes gameplayCons:- Very linear and narrow single player missions, killing replayability- Sound effects are incredibly poor, guns don't sound like guns at all- Multiplayer uses P2P networking which means horrible lag festSingle player is okish, the Exo suit brings some nice changes to the gameplay, but the story is still over the top and quite silly, and the missions are very, very linear and narrow, with hand-holding all the way, killing the replayability the Exo suit could have provided.The visuals are very nice, but I'm not sure they could have spent less effort on the sound effects if they tried. The guns don't sound anything gun-like, with very little (if any) environmental effects like reverberation and so on.The multiplayer is using P2P networking which is horrible, with excessive lag compensation. Of course there's lobbies too which means lots of waiting to get into a game. Yet, even with it's lobbies, the multiplayer in Black Ops 2 is vastly better than in AW.With only SP being worth playing, and SP having poor replayability, it's not really worth the full price tag, better wait for a 75% sale."
,Not Recommended,209650,12932199,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,I hate this stupid game. For one why not add a feature on that people like ....like zombies the same style but a new map ....we crave for that us zombie fans.  This game is stupid and feels like a waste of money . People practicly always see you on radar so it's fast paste ....get spawned in spots where a enemy kills you right away ...and always have to use your jetpack jumping all over the place to stay alive. So multi player sucks. As for the rest im not sure. But i hate this game.
76561198079862240,Not Recommended,209650,13073309,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,TyTaniuM,Really hard is you are bad at other call of dutys because now there dodging and jumping and♥♥♥♥♥♥so wouldnt suggest if your a newer player also if you dont have a good pc its very laggy and bad dedicated servers aswell as very unbalanced weapons
,Not Recommended,209650,12869977,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Novice Snake Wizard,does not work unless you have nvida or radeon drivers wich are 140 $ so you are basically not getting it if you do not have a computer specified for gamming so read before you buy or you will get directx unrecoverable error
,Not Recommended,209650,12878417,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,CAPTAIN_CHRONIC,Bought it. Instantly regretted my decision and wish i had my $60 back for food.6 Hour campaignMultiplayer sucks massive donkey ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. a $15 game of Counter Strike makes for a better FPS than this COD.
,Not Recommended,209650,12834894,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ShadowXSAP,"Had no problems modding the laucnher to allow me to play singleplayer... mind you i play at 107 fps average... Given that the multiplayer is limited at 90, it is absolutely uncalled for that my processor is on a ""blacklist"" and wont allow me to even load up the game, and tweak performance to get my 90 frames like i easily did with single player... Can they just get one game right... this isnt about performance, this is about driving the economy at this rate. slowly alienating all of your fans by wrenching their pockets... ffs man. I just wanted to play multiplayer, my pc will run it fine, fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ blacklist and give me the damn 60 dollars worth of game i payed for."
76561198114790339,Not Recommended,209650,13220730,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,HuntinoBino,"so here is an honest review, no bs, just the truth about this gamei really wanted this game to be awesome and it has its moments, the campaign is fun to play and the graphics are great the only thing not so great is how predictable the story is, like really its story is just your average run of the mill action story line starting  with the very cliche battle scene where your friend dies and after that it takes another very cliche turn where the man you are working for turns out to be evil so you and your band of misfits feel the need to go and stop him and of corse you suceed  with a typical no strategy guns blazing tactic....really sad on how easy i was able to guess what was going to happen next and get it rightas for the multiplayer....oh the multiplayer.... well for starters weapons do not do enough damage, most assault rifles feel like long range SMGs and some guns shouldnt even be in the game because you wont even be able to get enough kills to get a UAV, the spawn system is also a huge problem, not like other call of dutys where as you have the occasional person spawn behind you, literally just as you shoot someone infrount of you some comes up from behind and wastes you and that right there will be 90% of your deaths, there is also not much variation between the guns players use because only a handfull of guns are good and actually worth putting time into.As for the exo suit its cool but really the only thing it gives you the ability to do is boost jump, which should not be in multiplayer.....the maps are designed for the exo suits so that you can jump up to new floors and rooftops, which means  it allows people to move across the map to quickly which in return cause more people to spawn behind you and kill youthis next rant is more of a personal preference, the guns. Almost all weapons in this game do low damage with a high rate of fire.....they all feel like SMGs and a big thing for me is the sound, they dont sound threatening or have any beef to them, ive bought toy guns for my little cousins that sound more bad @$$, the machine guns also all sound the same or atleast close enough as to where you cant tell them apart...if you want to know what they sound like just put your lips together and blow out air, kind of like a machine gun sound you would make as a kid....thats what they sound likenow i could go on but im going to cut it off here, it feels like any of the last call of dutys and starts out making you feel the same to, you will enjoy it at the start and think that all the bad reviews are wrong but id say around level 30 you will become bored of it and wish you hadnt dropped the money on it like i have, they really need to put some time into their next game, which we know they wont, they probably already have a new game in the making that is the same as the rest, which is sad because there hasnt been a great call of duty in a long timeand well....thats the review"
76561197967633559,Not Recommended,209650,12808439,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,SnipingScout,"Edit 3:  So it looks like they use a hybrid system of dedicated servers and peer to peer servers, following a matchmaking that is based mostly if not entirely on skill.  So it could pick up people from Canada and California and throw them onto servers in Florida if it theoretically ran out of ""closer"" dedicated servers?  Also, the option to change the minimum latency via a config file from ""800"" to ""200"" (apparently they believe 800ms latency is just fine) makes the game run quite a bit smoother.As I do not know when I am in a dedicated or peer to peer game, I can't really attest to the quality of their dedicated servers; however, they seem pretty bad.  Having played Counter-Strike since the early 2000s on everything from dial-up to my current internet 300ms can be quite consistent and latency to servers around the U.S. is usually great.  Currently, I get about 50-100ms latency from Arkansas to Dallas, 100-150 to East or West Coast; assuming I set the minimum limit to 200, that's still a fair margin for it to run pretty well.  Also, I have not experienced the lack of ability to log on at all in a while, but I have experienced quite a few other ""network"" (or otherwise) issues.  The ""minimum latency"" limit should probably be 200ms (unless you live in a rural area with 3mbps DSL or something) or at most 400ms (their lag correction isn't entirely awful...... sometimes......), but with the fix it is certainly more playable.  Given the current network problems however, I would still not recommend it as quite often it just doesn't work (and it keeps crashing on my friend's laptop / entirely crashing my friend's laptop).---------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit:  As of now, getting the following error any time I try to connect to Multiplayer:""The Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare service is not available at this time. Please try again later.""Given that this breaks the main functionality of the game, I cannot recommend it.  Otherwise, given my review below, I would be able to recommend it, if only to a small extent.Edit 2:  This only happens intermittently, but is a pretty big problem, and many of its occurences have seemingly been overlooked by support staff (from what I found online in reviews and forum posts).  Many seem to have gotten the response that the servers are full, which makes little sense considering this is part of the largest FPS franchise currently out.  Unless occurences of this are permanently fixed, I will still not recommend this game.Original Review-------------------------------------------------Main point:  I recommend this game for how different a small addition of movement can make a ""generic CoD game"" feel not so generic.  If any of the issues below scare you off, buying it probably would not be a good idea; however, I have found parts of it somewhat enjoyable, if only because it is new, and other parts as frustrating as I would expect.After playing through the entire campaign, I'm a little disappointed: they give you tons of ""new toys"" (at least mostly new to the Call of Duty franchise) but don't give you many, if any in most cases, options to choose how you go about a mission.  At least the Black Ops 2 story line had ""multiple outcomes""; regardless, it is a CoD game and not much to expect anyway.  What you can expect from this game is a multiplayer variant with a lot of people:  Whether the multiplayer is good or bad, there will probably be a lot of players.  The biggest problem I've seen with multiplayer is a lack of dedicated servers, and I actually like everything they've done with the game, except for the lack of dedicated servers.Most games I join my latency skips between ""4 bars"" and ""1 bar.""  Given that I'm playing on an AMD FX 8320, and seeing that this was designed for the AMD 8-core APUs in consoles, my computer should function as a host perfectly.  On the other hand, my wife's computer, running a Core i3-3240, can run some maps at the max 91fps but runs other maps well into the 40s.  The problem I would see is that it may be possible for some ""minimum required specification"" computers to get host when their computer may not be able to functionally handle the game by itself at 60fps+, which would then cause other players to lag miserably (I doubt this actually happens often, but throwing it out there as a possibility).  On the other hand, I'm running on a 150mbit download / 20mbit upload internet connection; I used to play Modern Warfare 2 - Black Ops 2 on a 3mbit down / 768kbit up DSL connection, and sometimes I would get host - people would lag badly.  While some people on a 3mbit DSL connection may get host, I doubt that happens very often, but is also a possibility.  Instead, I would expect that the player base of this game on PC is small enough that I'm playing with people from Canada half the time (actually, I know that has happened quite a few times).  I live in Arkansas, far enough away from Canada to be a bit of an issue in terms of latency, especially seeing as most CoD games accept 150-200ms latency as being ""good"" or ""4 bar.""  In that respect, most of the multiplayer games I play are excessively laggy and sometimes unplayable.The other issue I have with this game is simply the cost of the Season Pass:  Why is it so high?  Maybe they will release six maps in each DLC?  If I decide that my latency issues even out a bit, I may purchase it to continue playing with a ""larger player base"" than otherwise; however, it may be better to stick with an older CoD game with dedicated servers: The exo suits don't provide an entirely game changing environment, and most successful people are successful dependent upon their geographical location, the geographical location of their opponents, and accuracy, sometimes completely disregarding attempts at exo movement.With all of that said, this game is where CoD should be going (with the exception of a significant lack of dedicated servers): New stuff and different ideas based on the same generic shooter layout.Some other issues with this game include:Full download is around 40-50GB, which took very little time for me but would take a day on my mom's connection.High RAM requirement, and actually uses it (at least 8GB, although 16GB will help)High VRAM requirement (""Normal""/""Medium"" textures run my gtx 780 3GB to max, ""Extra"" probably needs 6GB to function smoothly)Lack of a FPS cap in Campaign (odd complaint, but Vsync typically introduces extra latency while a generic FPS cap would prevent my graphics card from getting excessively hot for no reason at all)Long loading times on a 7200rpm HDD (smooths out after a few matches, but seems very excessive)Loading issues on a 5400rpm HDD (generic laptop HDDs don't like this game)Nice things to say:Relatively low computer requirement to play the game, with the exception of at least a quad core for larger maps (an AMD Athlon 740 would suffice, it plays well on my friend's a10-5750m; i3-3xxx series are not quite sufficient at least for 1080p)Exo survival is okayCampaign is okay (not long enough)Multiplayer is much better than what I've come to expect from CoD games (but needs dedicated servers)It runs very well on PC in regards to fps (COUGHGhosts?COUGH)"
,Not Recommended,209650,12978551,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,^D^a^r^k,"This has moar ebola cancer than africa on crackDo not buy this game if you are not going to use a controller.This game (like ghosts) could have been better. When i mean better i mean simply dont even put aim assist on PC. This is the land of PC where K+M are used. This is not console. Aim assist doenst belong on PC. In this game the aim assist was ""buffed""... which i understand why they ""buffed"" it. Take out aim assist and the laser ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i will be a happy customer.BTW as of now the game is performing very well as is it currently uninstalled after 60 hours of painfull lag and wonderfull xboxish experiences."
76561197987828018,Not Recommended,209650,13057939,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Derkaderb,"Nothing works. Once you get into the game and try to either start a campaign or join a multiplayer game the game freezes for approximately 1 minute. Once you´ve waited out the freeze and begin loading the game, you get stuck forever. I haven't even been able to play the game yet, but so far it's the worst game i´ve ever had."
,Not Recommended,209650,12798465,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Walledhouse,Too few players on PC to do the game justice.
76561198184483705,Recommended,209650,30243540,Posted: 28 February,all,-=[ILL]=-MONSTER,Pretty good game but cod fanbase dies very quickly. I am still able to find games in 2017 though!
76561198022092966,Not Recommended,209650,12960012,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,rodolfo_c_correa,"Worst multiplayer ever...more lag and bugs than I ever saw in a game.Fantastic potential, but need to be fixed...."
,Not Recommended,209650,12960557,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Goddamnmacgyver,Awful piece of crap. Save your money for a game where the game maker actually gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about wether it works or not.
,Not Recommended,209650,12961298,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,I hate blacks,"This game is dead asf, it takes forever to find a lobby and when u find one it isnt even half filled. I spent 30 min trying to find a game and only got into one with 5 people in it. if you want to waste $60 then buy this game"
76561198043576046,Not Recommended,209650,12962255,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lundy,Once again the COD franchise has put far to much into the Multi-player aspect instead of the campaign. Skip this one.
76561198075259660,Not Recommended,209650,15616867,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,biggie135,"This game sucks, I only bought it for multiplayer but it dosen't work. Every time I try to find a game it says no games found. Don't buy it!!!!"
,Not Recommended,209650,21910842,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Am I Winning Yet?,Oh Hi.You're late.All the players left.Don't waste your money.
76561198007247152,Not Recommended,209650,17412733,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DetN8or,S houldn't be soH ard or nearI mpossibleT o find an online gameDLC makes it worst - patch it please
,Not Recommended,209650,12824774,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,valerie,Not good
,Not Recommended,209650,12868355,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Scoobedoo,Game is currently unplayable with AMD Chipsets
,Not Recommended,209650,12869118,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Eksray,
,Not Recommended,209650,12867796,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,OVOX'O,"this game is just so disappointing, every single match lags. big maps have huge fps drops even though my system meets the reccomended requirements. nevver buying another COD title again. devs should be fired..."
,Not Recommended,209650,12868360,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Aitherix,The storyboard is alright. The only problem with this game is the constant connection issues when playing online. Seriously.
,Not Recommended,209650,12830234,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RealityMachina,"I want to like this game.I really do. I love the whole idea of it. A new array of movement options to spice up this franchise's gameplay. The maps look good, the campaign was somewhat decent, but while everybody plays the campaign at least once the vast majority of us stick around for the multiplayer.Aaaand that's where the problem comes. If you're used to any other games at all, you are going to be very disappointed. As you can probably tell from the reviews below and above me, the game uses peer to peer for its matchmaking. This ends up resulting in a ♥♥♥♥load of rubberbanding, lag, and all sorts of ""I don't like playing this"" things happening during your match.And not only that, but the matchmaker itself either seems to be poorly coded or the P2P elements are really detrimental to one that wants to find a match quickly. I spent several minutes in the Uplink playlist when player population was at 12k people only for the MM to tell me in the end ""No games found"". It doesn't help that there's no player counts at all so I have no idea if P2P was screwing me over, I picked a dead playlist, or if the MM was just dumb.And earlier on when I tried out the Combat Readiness Program, the newbie player mode with bots, it took several minutes for it to findone other person.And somehow rubberbanding still occured to the extreme.Honestly dear reader, if you were looking at this game because you wanted to play a modern shooter that broke the rules a bit, I would honestly go look at Titanfall. Yes, it's on origin (though some claims you've heard about it have been greatly exaggerated.), yes, it has a lower overall player count than this game as of me typing this.But the matchmaker there actually manages to work despite that (even playlists with listed player counts of like, 40 are still much faster than what I've experienced in AW), and it uses a cloud server backend so you'll be able to play without having to deal with the huge range of problems peer to peer matchmaking can bring you."
76561197987072903,Not Recommended,209650,12882427,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,I'm a dirty slut,"Game is probably enjoyable, but when I pay to play on someone else's♥♥♥♥♥♥internet, it isn't that fun. Furthermore, PC has 0 support for groups/partys when it comes to matchmaking. The vast majority of time, half of your group won't be able to connect to you. This creates an interesting musical chairs act of seeing who's party we can join. No party chat, terrible UI that seems as if it's design is solely for console.No accurate leaderboards (the majority have updated once total), awful hit reg (client side hit marker fireworks show with none actually hitting), customization that was so shoddily implemented it would've been better off scrapped.The single player and multiplayer are delivered as two seperate 45gb downloads, which fills my brain with all sorts of ♥♥♥♥. Want to quit after getting cross map meleed? Hit escape and instantly start loading the singleplayer game. This and the afterthough of groups in multiplayerSCREAMS untouched console version imported to PC. Another♥♥♥♥♥♥PC release from a triple A company. Be prepared for all the updates /dlc a year down the road (only for premium subscribers), and you got yourself a game that repeatedly beats you like an abusive spouse who then demands more money.ca$hcow/10domestic violence/9can't even 420yoloquickscope anymore. Heated dropshot 360 indy to varial stalefish offf the gnar? not even close."
,Not Recommended,209650,12884441,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,TALIB ★ Vae,As always PC players get screwed with no dedicated servers and bad port on top of that.
76561198016533875,Not Recommended,209650,12878163,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,allahu,fu2cking gameplz plz plz plz dedicate sever!!
76561198057792840,Not Recommended,209650,13235573,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,LiewBakingPowder,"First ,this is a really  great game , if full marks is 10 ,I will give 8 , well but there are many problems they haven't fix yet.The problems make the game sucks , really sucks , sometimes the game keep crashing for no reason ,freezing at the loading screen , lost connection and more  waiting for you  if you buy this game. DONT BUY THIS GAME , sometimes it will become an awful rage game because pros  and lags are everywhere.PRO ENEMY + LAGGING -----> RAGE QUIT + UNINSTALL            (Standard Gaming Reaction)Conclusion : wait for the free weekend and try it out for free , see if u like the game or not."
76561198097583470,Not Recommended,209650,25577438,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,South African Bloke,Bought this in November 2015. Still waiting for a multiplayer match.
76561197994104795,Not Recommended,209650,12807054,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,spoon420,"First off I want to say the videos are false advertising because the video it shows is not in the game anywhere.If you like COD you will love this game. If you don't like COD don't get it because the same crap that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off in previous games is still here. The frist part of the game is really fun but the second half is ANNOYING with excessive cutsecenes that interrupt gameplay. It seems like every 2 miniutes you lose control of the game and you have to watch your guy do something stupid, or fall somewhere almost to death. The graphics are amazing but graphics don't make a good game. Gameplay makes a good game. I give it 7 out of 10."
76561197993409465,Not Recommended,209650,23015150,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,p0xy,Very meh
76561197970527306,Not Recommended,209650,12802556,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MoehSenshi,"Terrrible PC port. Lagggy matchmaking, spawns are horrible in tdm, no one can get a proper killstreak, just uav all over the maps. I have more fun with titanfall than this."
76561198050046880,Recommended,209650,13622719,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Big Fat Nooter,"Most people that i play with think that Call of Duty is just a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but i think this game is worth a shot.The campaign is really good, lots of action, lots of new gadgets and weapons and overall a great experience.The multiplayer is very fun as well. There was ALOT of lag when i first started to play but i simply changed the settings and there was little to no lag. But after the second patch came out, MOST OF THE LAG WAS GONE. I can finally set my graphics and shaders to max and experience little to no lag at all.But besides the lag, the overall multiplayer is fun and fast-paced.Customization - The customization in this game is insane, This is the most customization ever put into a CoD game ever and i love it. Before, you could only customize your weapon and emblems n such. But now you can fully customize your character, and im not talking just about the camos, or little things like that. Im talking about THE ENTIRE CHARACTER. Glasses,Helmets,Chestplates,Shirts,Pants,Kneepads,boots, and even your exo itself. You can get insane types of gear by completing challenges or by getting supply drops.If you're wanting a fast paced and high-customization type of game, CoD: AW is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,209650,14837540,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,danieljsmoke,"I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I paid for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.♥♥♥♥♥♥Dedicated servers,♥♥♥♥♥♥publisher,♥♥♥♥♥♥customer support. Which all SUCKS cause I had so much fun the 2 online matches I was able to play before no longer being able to connect to COD Servers. ♥♥♥♥ you activision."
,Not Recommended,209650,12975706,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,LUFTWAFFLE,Horribly optimized. Do not buy. I would get a refund if I could.
,Not Recommended,209650,18511860,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Tet Pr,"Entertaining singleplayer but a flawed multiplayer, it barely has any players online because of the bugs and crashes."
76561198087575827,Not Recommended,209650,14726840,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BADS*Cursed4Life*,This game still has no dedicated servers wtf is wrong with you @$# holes. This would be the best cod yet if they would just stop being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and give us some servers! Somone start a class action on these guys for lying about the dedis 3 games in a row.
76561198059617722,Not Recommended,209650,12801119,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,WayT101,"spawnDieRespawnDieRespawnDieRespawnDieRespawnDieRespawnDieRespawnDieRespawnDieRespawnDieDoes that sound like fun to you?A complete mindless mess with no skill required, just run around with the trigger held down and hope they die first.Oh! And NO DEDICATED SERVERS in a game people buy solely for the multiplayer.Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12797833,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ben Dover,"I honestly would not reccomend this game, the jumping is too much for my liking, connection fluxuates like crazy but the game is new, I wish I didn't buy it right away, wait for a few patches than reconsider."
,Not Recommended,209650,15334270,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mozkelby,"I majorly regret buying this on PC, mainly because NOBODY PLAYS IT. I can only join Team Deathmatch and none of the other gamemodes as there is simply nobody online to play. Call of Duty is definitely a series for consoles and that I learnt through the mistake of buying it on steam."
,Not Recommended,209650,12833526,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,TwoFace'Z,"The game was a total disappointment.Playing through Advanced Warfare's campaign is good, but the multiplayer is terrible: The lack of dedicated servers, few weapons, lack of game modes (GunGame, Hardcore FreeForAll, ...), the terrible lag, (...)"
,Not Recommended,209650,17269453,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,007RkB,"I like this game. But this game has so many problem. i cant find a game , so many maps are laggy. The only way to play this game is by joining a Friend."
76561198048260923,Not Recommended,209650,12865732,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Jumboplaya,"Game is sometimes playable and sometimes unplayable. We know that SHG has a lot to deal with since the game only came out for 5 days, and I don't really blame them for being slow on the PC community because from a business aspect, this is not where the money is going. However, this doesn't mean the PC gamers should accept this kind of non sense. I would not recommend anyone buying this game."
76561198022452016,Not Recommended,209650,12823671,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,PoopOnAstick,keeps crashing constantly.  can't even load up a saved game.
76561198024564675,Not Recommended,209650,12824913,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Wanted,When I try to play on multiplayer the game freezes. Its been like this for 3 days now with no hope in sight when I'll be able to play. Don't spend more money on the game than you have too. Don't spend money to get the season pass or the digital pro edition. It is simply not worth it. IMO just the game it self should have been 40$ MAX instead of the original price since you will be playing single player most of the time because multiplayer does not work.
,Not Recommended,209650,12824486,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,roguepossum,"Graphics in the cutscenes are amazing but the voices are out of sync and make them painful to watch, sound is also amazing, and the gameplay lags. the multiplayer is unplayable in its current state as there are no dedicated servers. not worth 60 bucks. For that money i expect a finished product"
76561198085779716,Not Recommended,209650,18257374,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Pterodactyl,"Horrible cant find matched online, complete waste of my money and time!"
,Not Recommended,209650,16673244,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hisagi,multiplayer server's are always empty
,Recommended,209650,32700778,Posted: 23 June,all,Joratox,"FIt's one of the better CoDs, I myself only play single player and the gadgets they give you really help navigate the area something the other games really lack."
,Recommended,209650,12796589,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,[M]ono,"4/5 (8.5/10) - “Just one more level..."" (SP only review)Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare (CODAW) is the first COD game I would consider great COD game in 5 years. Instead of the recent “just get through the game, get the achievements and never touch it again”, I found myself saying “just one more level …”. There is CODMW1, CODMW2, and CODAW. Everything in between can be ignored.The plot is refreshing, focusing on contractors and companies involvement in the modern day war and the effects of it. Combined with an imaginative array of plausible (“I can totally see that device being a thing in 5-10 years”) equipment and titanfall-like gameplay, the game kept me engaged and excited throughout the game. Opposed to recent COD games, the technology used varies widely and instills a great sense of wonderment and “wow”.Gameplay and controls are what you’d expect from a COD shooter - clean, crisp and just enough to do what you want without being overly complicated. I will state, however, that during the airplane and hoverbike level parts it ismucheasier to use a controller than a keyboard. The controller provides fine control when maneuvering while the keyboard is an all-or-nothing turn -- making it very difficult with just a keyboard. There are certain parts of the game where your controls reverse, confusing you, but I found it more immersive given the events of the game and the confused state of the character in the game.Audio quality in this game is fantastic. The fidelity is far above and beyond any game I have played recently. For example, when something explodes, you don’t just hear the explosion, but the individual pieces and dirt chunks falling as well. It’s incredible and something you really need to experience. Voice acting in this game is top notch, and Kevin Spacey kills his role as “Irons” in the game -- it really felt like an interactive movie with a top-notch cast.Graphically the game is beautiful. Sledgehammer really took advantage of the PC for this game, and went over the top with the renders. The game is photo-realistic when playing at ultra settings, easy hitting high FPS on a 690GTX. It’s good to see a COD series address texture and resolution / graphics issues that have plagued the PC versions of these games for so many years.There are a few technical problems with the game:For some reason, shadow maps are not properly supported -- under shadow options, there are two optional choices:Cache Sun Shadow MapsCache Spot Shadow MapsEven on my 690GTX, with these options enabled, all of the textures were blurry and the framerate was easily in the 5’s. Disabling these options removed the low quality textures and restored a high (60FPS) framerate.Load times areinsane. Even on my samsung 840pro 512GB, it was easily 2-3 minute load times -- so long that I actually thought I crashed a few times before I got used to it. I attributed this to thehugesize and detail of the levels -- which are on the scale of Battlefield 3 and 4 maps. There are some remedies in game (such as loading during cutscenes) but be prepared for a long wait, especially if you are using platters.I feel like this is a new side of COD that I haven’t seen in a long time, and Sledgehammer really nailed it here. Anyone who loved playing Modern Warfare 1 and 2, will love to play this game.*** I've moved to the 10 point rating system, as I now belong to theUnbiased Reviews group. I'm moving all future reviews to be inline with that groups standards."
76561197979279571,Not Recommended,209650,13051843,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,JHK655,"This game is the standard Call of Duty Experience with some added Titanfall-esque movement abilities. If you consistently enjoy Call of Duty games, You'll enjoy this one too. But if you want something genuinely new from the franchise, you'll have to keep waiting. This game plays and feels very similar to previous games of the series.Singleplayer Campaign:The visuals are much improved over Ghosts, with some beautifully rendered cutscenes. The voice acting is very good, with a great performance by Kevin Spacey. The writing however leaves a lot to be desired. There is some added RPG elements with the ability to collect experience and upgrade your character's skills as you progress through the story. The amount of customization that can be done is very little however and should have come to COD a lot sooner.Multiplayer:The only thing new here is the movement abilities. The maps are still small. The amount of players in a game is small. They did add ""Ground War"" to this game with slightly more players on a map, but it's a joke compared to Battlefield's 32v32. The wait times for certain game modes are very long (Most everyone plays Deathmatch or team deathmatch). The available weapon pool seemed to get smaller, unfortunately. I do have to say the Multiplayer as a whole is a little better and a little more fun than recent installments of the series. But not by much.Bottom line: Not much new here. It is Call of Duty done decently with a slight futuristic spin.7/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,23075112,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,iamkaden,"Great graphics, a plus playing on PC version. But! Population is dead.10/10 - Campaign0/10 - MP/Zombies/Exo"
76561198121702247,Not Recommended,209650,18513950,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,boobymurphy1990,"this games ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, i have great internet connection and every other game is flawless but this ♥♥♥♥ing peice lags out like crazy, it could be a good game but you pay $60 for just an ok story mode and a completly unplayable multiplayer.  if you can get it for $5 - $10 do it otherwise play black ops 2..."
,Not Recommended,209650,15934013,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ntt,"How to play1. Searching for games...2. No games found3. Play Exo,  Exo zombies, or campaignI have gold edition, i have to buy exo zombies. I AM TRAPPED IN A LOGICLESS UNIVERSE"
76561197997968995,Not Recommended,209650,17062839,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,V a l k y r i e,"First of all guys, don't get me wrong on my review. I love this game. I spent more than 1000 hours playing it. However I would ""NOT"" recommend this game for gamers in my country or my region, i.e. SEA. I am playing this game from Bangkok, Thailand. From my observing, I am now playing mostly on dedicated servers which supposing to be good. However 99% of my matches, I have been assigned to distant servers like GameServerChoopa.netJapan, some servers in China and Korea, and that make my ""best"" ping is 120 ms with 3-bar. This is ridiculous. How fast of domestic network of these countries. As a result, relatively laggy every game. I can feel when I press left mouse, my first bullet delays and I alway shoot enemy's shadow in killcam. Only gun I can use now is S12, try to get close and wish lucky 1 shot kill. Even playing with friends, majority of use like 10 mixed of players from India and Thailand (me), 2 players from Japan, most of our games were hosted on Japan servers still.Comparing to CS source and, not so like, Battle Field 4, my pings are around 50 ms. Yeah domestic players still rule these games but that I'm still in competitiveness. WTF of this COD AW latency >+120 ms. It is too much.Sledgehamme, you are selling expensive game with cheap architecture. You said you have low tolerate for cheating and unfair play. But what about unfairness game design you made for not-major-market countries. We, Thai fallows and players in the region, bought this same price with players in first class countries, so please treat us fair.PS. Sorry for my English. I'm ESL. And if you want to investigate about your game connectivities, please use windows' ""Resource Monitor"" -> ""Network"" tab -> select ""s1_m64_ship.exe"".Examples of lag is here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Naoisan/recommended/209650/** minor corrections ***ก่อนอื่น อย่าเพิ่งเข้าใจผิด ผมเล่นเกมนี้มากว่า 1000 ชั่วโมง ผมชอบเกมนี้มาก แต่สำหรับคนไทย หรือเล่นเกมจากประเทศในโซน SEA บางประเทศ ผมไม่แนะนำให้เล่นเกมนี้ ผมเล่นเกมนี้จากกรุงเทพฯ ผู้เล่นเกม COD ส่วนใหญ่เรียกร้องให้มี game server หรือ dedicate server ซึ่งผมสังเกตุว่า หลังๆ นี้ ผมเล่นบน servers ไม่ใช่ใครซักคนในเกมเป็น host ซึ่งก็น่าจะเป็นเรื่องดี แต่ ... 99% ของเกมที่ผมเล่น กลับต้องไปเล่นบน servers ในญี่ปุ่น ใน จีน หรือในเกาหลี (เราเลือกไม่ได้) ทำให้ ping ต่ำสุด (ดีที่สุด) ที่เคยเห็นคือ 120 ms. มันมี Servers ใน Singapore กับ Hong Kong ซึ่ง pings จะอยู่ที่ 60ms แต่ ไม่ถึง 1% ที่มีโอกาสเล่นบน servers นี้ค่านี้มีผลยังไง มันทำให้เราเล่นช้ากว่าคนที่อยู่ในประเทศของ servers หรือใกล้เคียง เวลายิง จะรุ้สึกได้ว่ามันจะหน่วงนิดนึง ก่อนกระสุนนัดแรกจะยิงออกไป จะยิงใครสักคนเป็นเรื่องยากมาก ยิงจนหมดแม็กยังไม่ตาย แต่โดนสวนไม่กี่นัด ตาย ใน killcam จะเห็นว่าเรายิงตามหลังศัตรูเสมอผมเคยเล่น CS source กับ Battle Field 4 ค่า ping ที่เล่นประมาณ 50 ms. ซึ่งก็ยังเสียเปรียบผู้เล่นที่มีค่า ping ต่ำกว่า แต่ก็ยังไม่เลวร้ายเท่ากับเกมนี้ เมื่อเราจ่ายเงินซื้อเกมราคาเท่าๆ กับคนในประเทศอื่น ก็ควรได้บริการที่เท่าเทียมกัน เมื่อเกมไม่ได้ออกแบบมาให้เล่นจากไทย ผมจึงไม่แนะนำเกมนี้"
,Not Recommended,209650,15647546,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nightman,"While Advanced Warfare visually looks well and features an fov slider which was absent in some of the previous games, it still adheres to some of the sins the cod franchise has been known for on PC. There are no dedicated servers, fps is locked at 91, and some of the maps are unoptimized. To top that all off there aren't too many people playing Advanced Warfare so finding a game can take a while. Of course, the game does feature a single player and co-op which are pretty decent, but I don't believe those alone would justify the high price point."
,Not Recommended,209650,14758734,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[M-S]:Signal,"I thought it was computer, being two years old, so I bought a newer more powerful computer ... NOPE, these map lag for some reason. I think there are only two map that I and many of my friends have no problems with. Defender and Ascend are the worst of the maps, most of my friends can't even load these maps without being kicked and having to try to reconnect.  most of the other maps lag out the first minute of the game play. I think they need to cut down on some much of the useless animation around the maps. How about maps that change from night to day or different weather conditions instead. Doubt I'll buy the DLC maps, if they can't get the regular map fixed first. Never had this problem - before they moved to the peer-to-peer hosting."
,Not Recommended,209650,18452134,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,KrowNovus,"If you're in it for the story, then you're in for a decently fun few hours. It's plenty involved, has a good variety of level types, and some interesting gear to go along with it all. Still, I wasn't particularly amazed by any part of the story itself, and aside from the boosting features granted by ""EXO"" suits, the game play just feels like any other COD of recent years. If you're in it for the multi-player, I would suggest turning around and looking at a different purchase, or getting COD:AW for your console. Look anywhere. Steam forums, COD forums, Youtube, the AW PC community is simply dead. And if that wasn't enough, it seems that that's not the only reason that you'll see the ""No Games Found"" issue. Among them are compatibility with your home network settings (you don't see that with WoW, GW2, LoL, or Dota2, now do you?) as well as software issues that make finding a match literally imposible without knowing your way around networking and config file editing (which I also tried to no avail, I'm assuming because the community just isn't there). Doesn't mean I'm not looking forward to Black Ops III, though!Campaign: 7/10Graphics: 8.5/10Gameplay: 7/10Online Multiplayer: 0/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,33358393,Posted: 7 July,all,LmaoSanchez,It is a waste of money I only have 2.8 hrs because you can not get into a multiplayer game. the matchmaking is broken.
76561198024625536,Not Recommended,209650,14727338,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,sewerguru,Cant get online all other games work except this one. tried everything ripped off want refund!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,13683179,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,kc01,I bought the games gold editiondidn't recieve DLC...
,Not Recommended,209650,15631224,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,wiggle muggle,i have totally regretted buying this game. dont even buy this game unless you  want to play alone. srsrly you be alone playing. there is no people playing online at all. not even a single games. wasted my money. haizz
,Not Recommended,209650,15208458,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SkEeZ,"So we pay £40 for a game that is far too short, to then get excited that there is an Exo Zombie's DLC... but the only way to play that Zombies DLC is to buy a full season pass at £35... ♥♥♥♥ you!!! Last time i'll be buying a COD game.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198009486333,Not Recommended,209650,12933978,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CWG-Disturbed,not a bad game at all but cod 4 still rocks.this game would be alot better with dedicated servers which would also stop the HUGE LAG in every map.i give it 1 month max before the gaame dies due to this.
,Not Recommended,209650,29308237,Posted: 16 January,all,PunaniTsunami,"Aruably one of the buggiest and most desolate titles in the franchise in terms of online functionality and campaign glitchiness. Although the campaign looked great and the combat was spicy, it crashed more often than it should have for reasons I couldn't explain. That sucks, because otherwise the single-player version was beautiful - though this is mostly due to Kevin Spacey's appearance.Although I didn't feel that the environments were all that diverse, the game still delivers variety beyond moving to a location, shooting a bunch of people and cutscenes (which are the longest in franchise history. Okay, maybe not Metal Gear Solid long, but enough to be annoying. Especially when it has little to do with story and alot to do with pretentious rhetoric about war and politics.) The campaign's a solid 7.5/10, but not worth the sale price because of the desolate zombies and multiplayer fronts.I cannot speak for the multiplayer, because I was unable to find a lobby for several minutes. To my understanding, the biggest gimmick of the game are the exo suit abilities that aren't as finessed as they are in BO3. As nice and as diverse as the maps look (seriously - the CoD franchise makes some great maps), it doesn't account for serious vertical integration that are commensurate with the fluid vertical movement introduced in the series.As for Zombies, it's a shtick in the series that seldom changes. Aside from the integration of the game's new movement mechanics, it's all cut and dry with a few gimmicks that are annoying. For example, you can get infected and have to go to a decontamination room, and pay with points to be cleansed. As if zombies with exo abilities and just trying to not die was hard enough. You might also find yourself waiting a while for a lobby, as well.If you feel like you have to play the campaign if only for the beautifully rendered Spacey or having to actually press F to pay respects, by all means buy it on sale. If you demand more from a multiplayer/zombie end of things, go back fo BO2 or try the better-implemented movement mechanics in BO3s multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,209650,12832329,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mellows,No Dedicated servers as promised. #rekt
,Not Recommended,209650,12815468,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,yung_air,"This game has little to no connection when it comes to multiplayer. Besides that point, there is close to no difference from Advance Warfare to Titanfall..."
,Not Recommended,209650,12812925,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,tmanzicom,Horrible experience on the PC. Strongly recommend not purchasing this one.
76561198076285165,Not Recommended,209650,12816413,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Rendit,"Lag lots of lag, no dedicated servers and this "" Error: the Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare service is not available at this time. Please try again later.”"
,Not Recommended,209650,12839451,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GooglyBear,"This port is seriously flawed. What should run easily on my heavy duty rig ends up looking like a mess due entirely to terrible PC optimization. But forget the visuals, if the game ran fine I could move on and keep playing. The problem is that in reality multiplayer is a stutter fest with an incredible amount of lag that results in cheap deaths and resulting anger. Activision owes us a refund or they need to start rolling out the updates pronto. If the game ran anything like it was supposed to I can see myself enjoying the new mechanics. Unfortunately at the moment its near unplayable."
76561198084748008,Not Recommended,209650,12840075,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,hotwh33ls,cant get online just baught the game took me 2 hours to get it to install corrupt download error then when i get it installed try to find a match couldnt find any games in any game mode so i restart my modem and pc turn firewall off check the server status for pc its at defcon 5 so i go back into find a game and i get hit with call of duty advanced warfare service is not available at this time try again later had this error for 3 hours now i would not recommend until this problem is fixed you pay money for something you expect it to work i guess we are not getting dedicated servers like we where promisedif anyone knows of a fix i would appreciate itthe campaign graphics look really nice
76561198020595855,Not Recommended,209650,12825987,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,*Opus*,"Alright - another COD without dedicated servers although they were promised. I am looking forward to enjoying my high ping.But that doesn't even bother me yet, because I couldn't even join a SINGLE multiplayer game since i bought this piece of beta-test software for 50€. Every time i load a map it gets stuck at ""synchronizing game settings"" for 4-5 minutes and then kicks me back into the lobby.It is always a pleasure to pay money for a game that you can't even play.My system:CPU: i5-2500@3.3 GHz8 Gigs of RAMGeForce GTX 560 TiDrivers are of course up-to-date.Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥or wait at least until the fix the problems."
76561198006228095,Not Recommended,209650,12814503,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Craig's Mum,"Wont even load, I have well above the minium specs - steam support is a joke, been waiting for ever for a reply."
76561197970594689,Not Recommended,209650,12815384,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ken,"tl;dr: I'd have to say skip this game until it's 10 quid or less.I like to take my time with games, and appreciate the effort that went into the art direction, the strategy, etc.  Even with that approach, I finished the game in under 10 hours of game play.On top of that, the action is even more tightly scripted than in previous CoD episodes.  Before, you were on a rail, but mostly in charge of what you did.  Not here.  Sure you get to pull the trigger in lots of places, but when it comes to cut scenes you lose control.  The game takes control and you're simply watching.Further, when you do have something like the grapple hook, it works on some roof edges, but not others.  Some rails, but not others, some enemies, but not others.  In other words, it's scripted when you can use that too.Controlling the airplane says ""invert the controls in the options""...but in fact there's no mention of inverting plane controls in the options.  I gritted my teeth and got through the mission anyway, but it was *no* fun.  The /mouse/ should have controlled the direction of the pointing of the plane, and w/s the throttle.  What a thorough waste of a scene!Oh, and then there's the game instruction ""Press and hold UNBOUND to slide when sprinting"".  Really? What the hell are they doing introducing a new move in the last scene of the whole game?The only way to get through that scene is to actually slide when sprinting.  But you don't know what action is desired here as the action isn't bound to a key.  I figured out it's 'Crouch'. Okay, fine.  Assign 'V' to it...no good.  Somehow the W and V got mixed up, so that I wasn't actually sprinting.  It was only when I assigned Tab to crouch as well that I was able to do it.  I was hugely angry by the end of that scene.After the open-world exploits of the Assassin's creed series, or Elder Scrolls, and Shadows of Mordor this simply cannot compare.  Each of those games I've had 100's of hours of gameplay.  Elder Scrolls I've had over 500!?!  This game is a quick dose of adrenaline, and then you're done.Things I could say in support of this game: the graphics are good overall.  The facial animations are some of the best I've seen. The light sub-surface scattering really made faces look like faces instead of polygons.  Well done!  Also it was cool to see Kevin Spacey in this game.  The facial animations manage to bring his character to life in this game.But that brings me to a final graphic glitch: most of the cutscenes with the fantastic animations have sound that played up to 1/2 a second out of sync.  When it worked, it was really very good.  When it didn't work, the illusion was completely shattered.  Think a very badly overdubbed foreign movie.  Yuck.Since I don't much care for Multi-player shenanigans, that's me done for full price for 10 hours of game play and equal parts of frustration and fun.On sum I did enjoy the game, but it's not enough of the kind of game that I like to play.  This is *way* overpriced."
,Not Recommended,209650,15629239,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,dtex,"I want to give this a positive review because it's just so much fun to play... but recently when there was a Activision publisher sale and they made the default version of the game the gold edition that includes the havoc DLC... for anyone who bought the game AFTER it became the gold edition.  Activision screwed us over EA style, and until this changes this review will stay negative.  I think I'd rather pay for mods."
,Not Recommended,209650,12852794,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,rapid_rider,this game was fun at the first 2 matches then it all whent down.the devs dont care anymore about the game and dont whant to fix the lagg and mouse accel problems.what kind of ♥♥♥♥ is that.for now I give it a thumps down till its fixed.
,Not Recommended,209650,14008924,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Yellow,"Alright kids, this is coming from the guy that co-op played with Madog, the dude that got the highest prestige first.I also normally played with Rageburns, a dude that switched me out with this ""Orb"" guy that was suckier than me, so that was great. Anyhow, here is the game review:The game perform like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and thus become a terrible experience despite how much more solid the game performs compared to Ghosts. It still cannot get close compared to Black Ops 2 however, being the most recent, best performing Call of Duty game to this date (Excluding the games that are so old, computers surpass them hardcore).Overall, if this game actually got taken care of, it could become ""something"", but the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ problem with call of duty is the matter of fact that a new, worse game gets released every year, leaving much to be desired when we ALL know that it would be infinitely better for 1 title to rather get updated, patched and balanced rather than being a terribly half-arsed, low performing game.This is all coming from a guy that got 5000 hours recorded in FPS games and COD alone (Excluding the 2400 hours i have recently gotten in CS:GO, making the total about 7500Hours), and the evidence is that the hours are actually viewable on my steam game list.Anyhow, this game got little to do on the PC if the frame rate cannot be set to reach an average of 200! Competitive PC gaming require a game that run like CS:GO, if not better... So Activision can re-think their cash cow or call it a day on the PC! CS:GO is taking over the world, and rightfully so."
76561197993997830,Not Recommended,209650,12848937,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Garret,The online servers always are not available. How does one could even play this game?
76561198149529104,Not Recommended,209650,12850285,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Korvatz (shanK),"Being a cod fan since cod4, this game dissapoints me. The campaign's pretty good but the multiplayer's a joke. Only a few of the exo-abilities help in battle, and grenades are almost useless. Half the time the whole game freezes and crashes on ""synchronizing game setting"".There's also constant rubber banding even when my ping is 19. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together sledgehammer games."
76561198103002560,Not Recommended,209650,12849518,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome,call of duty aw: never can get on line the service is never aviable if and when u get online you just lag because theres no dedicated servers to even play on.One of the worst CODs out there in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,209650,12843279,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Skull Knigga,"Whilst COD:AW is a very good game that has brought Call of Duty a step forward, the PC version just isn't a game I can recommend right now. The singleplayer has a more unique story compared to all the other COD (although it's quite similar to MW2) and the multiplayer's exo suits have made the game even better. There is a good options menu with a lot of detailed settings but the reason I don't recommend it is because of the intensive lag you get. I've got a high end rig (R9 290, I5 3570k) and the game lags where and when it shouldn't. I get above 60 FPS mostly and the FPS periodically drops to 50-60 fps which would be fine normally but it only goes down because it stutters. What's worse is the singleplayer. The SP itself is good but the lag you get on that is borderline unbearable. I've heard that this game suffers from 'memory leaks' or something so the more you play it, the more it lags (this might just be the singleplayer as it's the only thing I've experianced it on. I wasn't even on max settings (like I should have been able to run), I was on high, and it would lag (after a while like I said). The game is a much better PC port than some of the recent CODs *cough*Ghosts*cough* but the optisation or something is just causing it to lag like a ♥♥♥♥♥ (a lot of YouTubers with better graphics cards like JackFrags, who has a 780ti, also experiance these problems). Great game but bad port I guess."
76561198200804219,Not Recommended,209650,16887899,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Snake Doctor,NO GAME FOUND REALY ????? THANK U CALL OF DUTY
,Recommended,209650,12855010,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Montary,"Don't listen to crazy geeks, this is an awesome fun game and it is a skill game, adapt it to your style and game on !"
,Not Recommended,209650,12850248,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Daviz0,"was hoping this game would rejuvenate the franchise but it's just as bad as ever, the accellerated movement and jumps make the levels feel far too small. even for the low player count per server."
76561197974118934,Not Recommended,209650,12834218,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Feightry,"First let me just say that this game is really fun and the jetpack / boost really make it more fun.I really want to recommend it but unfortunately at the moment there are too many problems / bugs that can ruin your experience.For the single player review I decide to just watch the playthrough in youtube (because 65 FOV gives me motion sickness). 11 minutes in single player and 8 hours in multiplayer played.--- Price tag in Australia ($78.95 normal edition), yup that is before the conversion to AUD.Single Player (Campaign):+ Awesome cutscene.+ Mixed gameplay (there is stealth mission, killed mission, shoot everything mission, etc...).+/- Michael Bay the video games? (this can be positive / negative depends on your taste).- FOV (field of view) locked at 65 (so some people can get motion sickness from this).- Linear story line (no branching decision / outcome).- Story is really predictable and unintuitive (5 to 6 hours length).Multi Player:+/- Fun and feel quite new with the boost / jet pack (this can be negative for some people, small maps + faster movement speed = getting killed from behind is really often).+ FOV can be change (max 90).+ Good range of options / settings for a CoD game.- Not many people playing it on PC at the moment, so it is quite hard to find other game type (in Aus here, I only can find people playing TDM or Domination).--- LAGFEST: yeah.... this is the biggest downfall for me, the lag is just so unbearable for me (getting killed while on my screen I was already behind the cover.... ""normal"").- P2P, no dedicated server.- Color bar for a connection status (why it is so hard to just put the ms number).In conclusion I really can not recommend CoD AW at this moment, the lag is just too much for me to enjoy the multiplayer game and the single player is just not worth the price tag."
76561197992885051,Not Recommended,209650,12853567,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Arthur,"I want to like this game. Guns are fun and maps are neat, if a bit small and linear. Co-op is very enjoyable with good friends.  Multiplayer vs players is horrible. The community is very empty. Good luck finding a game other than TDM. There are less modes in this call of duty than I remember in black ops. No dedicated servers. I have quite good internet and a beast of a PC, yet I am never picked host. If you don't live in a large city, you're wasting your money since your connection will suck. Please don't buy this game."
76561198046311724,Recommended,209650,12766764,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Paula Deen #ButterHype,"Couldn't find a warthog or call in my titan13/10 would let 12 year old bang my mom againEDIT: Alright I'll actually say sonething about the gameSurprisingly good for a cod game, refreshing single player and multiplayer. The added movement speed and weapon balance in multiplayer make skill more of a factor in winning/losing.There you happy?Still couldnt call in  my titan after like 30 kills..."
76561198020163488,Not Recommended,209650,25321304,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vakilos,"Worst COD ever!I regret every euro that i pay for that!!!PROS: OK technically is a very good game, graphics etc. Zombies section is good, maybe should be sold separately.CONS: EXO SKELETON SUIT s@cks, i don't like it, like i play on ""jumping"" hacked server. some features is ok but overall it s@cked!Multiplayer is a hilarious joke....the isn't multiplayer, never was!Exept zombies multiplayer, that had some people plaing.Don't buy it, money wasted."
,Not Recommended,209650,23116660,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ZaScarf,I do not recommend this game - you can't join games what so ever even if you keep clicking at it.Bad product.
,Not Recommended,209650,20148317,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DavffyDuckDuck,"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare, somehow fell short of what's expected out of COD games. The single player campaign was a drag, despite being one of the shortest campaigns on an FPS ever!The pros being, the game graphics are good or rather impressive.The con - the game, becomes a drag as each time you play, you watch a long cutscene and then you are thrown into an area where you get to take a few headshots, and then, again a cutscene, where you just sit and watch COD:AW like a movie.This game can actually be called an Interactive Call of Duty Movie...PS: I don't think anyone plays this game. Haven't been able to find a match online..."
,Recommended,209650,13338187,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,H3LLH3RO,"Ignore what the haters are saying, I've grown tired of the endless reviews of people who won't even give it a chance. This is easily the best COD in years! I've played maybe 2 hours of the single player but who cares about that right?  I have almost 80 hours in the multi-player and I am hooked...full stop hooked!The class system is even more in depth than any other plus there is a supply drop system which drops rare weapons and armor mods which are purely cosmetic.  Imagine falling in love with a gun then getting a rare one that hits harder but maybe aims down the sights a little slower. Or a sub machine gun with better range but slower fire rate.  The possibilities in armor, weapons etc are almost literally endless.And now my number one favorite part of the game. The weapons, my god the weapons.  In Ghosts I struggled to find one I barely felt comfortable with, in this game I wish I had 20 create-a-classes.  The guns are just plain fun and they feel right.On top of ALL that the gameplay is fantastic. The mobility is an absolute blast, a double tap of any directional keep will boost you about 8 feet in that direction.  This can be used to turn a corner must faster to put the drop on someone or even in mid air to dodge that sniper you just noticed.If you've ever enjoyed a COD game online, buy this...now."
,Recommended,209650,14683729,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Telan,"Eh...this is between a recommended and a not recommended. It's recommended because as a CoD, it has the best story and freshest gameplay I've seen since 4. Once you get it running, and it's stable, don't quit out of it, 'cuz you may never get it running that way again, personal frickin' experience. So...you decide if you want some awesome gameplay with a great story, or if you want to fight the goddang thing with crashes and such."
76561198032268464,Recommended,209650,13710708,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BADS*CHICKEN*,"Nice game,but you have to wait 10 min to an hour just to play a game..just like Ghost,that is why its going to fall.guess they still dont get it.you have to use their servers or who ever has the best ping.lol"
,Not Recommended,209650,14481631,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jdt524,"Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.....Yeah right.I spent $60 on this game and all i can do is play campaign, which isnt even that good. I expected to come on and play multiplayer but the servers are almost always down. And even if they aren't, there is about 2 people playing.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is dead on pc. IN TWO MONTHS IT DIED.Seriosly though, if you are deciding to get this game, dont think of me as just someone who is overeacting, I am being completely honest. Spending money on this game for PC is just a waste of $60. If you want it, get it on console."
,Recommended,209650,14328243,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Spengler,Great game!
,Recommended,209650,13409083,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,EpicNarwhallord,"After Call of Duty: Ghosts I didn't think i would be interested in CoD anymore. I bought Advanced Warfare anyway, and I'm glad I did. I find the Singleplayer the best of any Call of Duty game, and the futuristic aspect of the Multiplayer  makes it a lot of fun. Great job to the guys at Sledgehammer Games, and I look forward to seeing what Call of Duty 2015 and Advanced Warfare 2 (2017) will be like :D"
76561198165146124,Recommended,209650,13263969,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dopey,One of the best COD yet avaialble at there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
12321987564320897,Not Recommended,209650,20409014,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,keys,Is there DLC that adds players? No? Okay then... hey how about DLC that makes the game run better? Still no? Oh alright.
,Recommended,209650,14272450,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,r3d,This is a game meant for kids 10/10 got called a hacker for defusing a bomb 10/10
76561198091245435,Not Recommended,209650,14886437,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Topper Harley,"Many bugs, horrible lag, patches break more than they fix. This game would be a lot of fun if it ran well. Skill based match making puts you in lobbies with people all over the globe which adds to the horrible lag."
,Recommended,209650,14857225,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dunyain,"I have a feeling that one does not need to ""review"" a Call of Duty game. Either one is within the subset of people who will purchase and play a COD game, or one is not.I thought I was firmly within the ""not"" category, but this one had two things that intrigued me: (1) it was not a present-day or historical military shooter and (2) Kevin Spacey.Kevin Spacey should be in every scene; his acting ability far outstrips everyone else, combined. Which is fine; he's Kevin Spacey. The rest of the game's writing and acting feels very generic. The gameplay is not revolutionary, and it will mostly consist of ""move to new area, kill faceless bad guys, advance melodramatic plot.""And yet, for all of that, it remains fun, somehow. It's a junk food game. It's not going to make you reexamine war or its role in society, or whether we should give power-mad CEOs of PMCs unlimited power and cool technogical whizbang stuff (hint: that was a bad idea. It's always going to be a bad idea. Forever.). You won't walk away from it feeling like you had anything other than a moderately enjoyable experience...But then again, isn't that why you're playing a COD game?"
,Not Recommended,209650,15298441,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Pringles On My Tea,I want my $ back
,Not Recommended,209650,15484677,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,BIRYANI,"well the uninstall button works, can't say the same for the game itself though."
76561198029857252,Not Recommended,209650,15305015,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,AsD,didnt like the exo..:(
76561197994741180,Not Recommended,209650,15393696,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,BIG LAD,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,15762792,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TiNmAn,Last Patch screwed with the mechanics of the game so much the person who wrote the code should be shot in the face then told to go work on Battlefield cause they suck.
,Not Recommended,209650,15407750,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,|oGc| {GO@X},"This will be THE LAST COD! I purchase... The amount of work on a high end PC it took to get this freaking game to work somewhat good was rediculous. Every release they just seem to rip off the next best thing and their P2P MP is UTTER RUBBISH. They are just taking your money!. ""Move along nothing to see here..."""
,Not Recommended,209650,15413308,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shroomhead,This game is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and shouldn't be touched by anybody.It is the worst port I have seen in ♥♥♥♥ing ages.Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,209650,15429154,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MojoWill,"Underwhelming, buggy, laggy and generally poor. A complete waste of money....."
76561198072940578,Not Recommended,209650,15437719,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nutritional Sludge,"This game is boring. Despite the Exo-suits that turn players into super humans, everybody uses the same 2 guns: Bal-27 and the ASM1. it's not fun to end up in a game where everybody is using those guns and their variants, leaving it, and being put right back into it because of the Game's ""skill-based matchmaking"". The game can only connect to the same 1 lobby that it put you in already, you'll be lucky to end up in a different lobby with different people using the Bal-27 and the ASM1. This game earns a zero out of ten because of the gun balance and the matchmaking, not including the lag some people get, the ridiculously hard to get elite variants, and the♥♥♥♥♥♥exo movements and abilities that only let you get higher into the sky before dying."
76561198096209175,Not Recommended,209650,15452131,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Myistic,i want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i cant even play it crashes on startup
,Not Recommended,209650,15450987,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,YePac Shakur,"This game is fun, on console. It is hard to find games, terrible port, and just all in all needs to be fixed somehow."
76561198133713805,Not Recommended,209650,15421771,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Fnatic,why do not open and i have ♥♥♥♥ken this game
76561198163557052,Not Recommended,209650,15431385,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Focus Avi8,Really no advanced supply drops? well never buy cod games on computer sad but true they cant keep up with anything
76561198067226163,Not Recommended,209650,17359736,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Liter0fcola,"Worst call of duty game ive ever played. The gameplay is nothing like the past games which is the only reason i bought them, exos have ruined the flow of combat and changed it into something i hate."
,Not Recommended,209650,14188269,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,KNOWLEDGE,"I do not reccomend this game and u should save the $60 buying it.Firstly, the biggest problem with this game is that it is 55GB to download and the game isnt an mmo or an rpg so there is no justifying the size of the game. I think they wanted it to be a bigger downlaod so it seemed better and look like it has more stuff but it really doesn't.Secondly, the campaign, the campaign was just like all the others, shoot the guy and move on, there was no challenge unless you put it on hardest difficulty. The ai did seem to be a bit to stupid on normal (but that has been happening with all cods). But there was one fun mission where you had a grappling hook and you had to stealth kill people and if COD AW had more mission like this the campagin would be better.Thirdly, the multiplayer. The multiplayer is a bit different to previous cods with new exo abilties and new weapons, but in my opinion i didn't enjoy it very much becasue i was always getting killed by people who would either camp in the highest place with a sniper or the hardcore person would would run and gun. Finding games wasnt that bad on PC but it did take a few minutes to find a game (probs because most people play cod on XBOX or PS4) but i didnt have any lag issues either.Forthly, the exo survival. I found the exo survival to be the most boring part of the game, just fighting wave after wave of ai. Even though i haven't tried the zombies i don't like fighting horde after horde of zombies becasue i think it is boring and most people probably do to.Overall Call Of Duty Adavnce Warfare is not worth buying due to it being 55GB, the campagin being boring, multiplayer being the pretty much the same as others and the exo-survival being so boring."
76561198160874640,Not Recommended,209650,18486826,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ImEhCanadian,NOBODY PLAYS COD ON PC. YOU WILL NOT FIND A LOBBY. It's also become one of the twitchiest twitch shooters ever. It sucks. Please go back to the old Modern Warfare games.
,Not Recommended,209650,13451816,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Melchionni,bo2 is still the best
76561198063657280,Not Recommended,209650,18262256,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gunny,"The game is good it uses modern warfare 3 based play but with exo siuts to spice things up a bit the problem is because of the infinite wisdom of the dev team they thought it fun to put players that are the same rank against each other which means a fair game but if u are a starter no matter how long u wait, no matter what game type u play u get the same result NO GAMES FOUND, UNTIL THIS PROBLEM IS FIXED THIS GAME IS A WASTE TIME AND NOT WORTH WASTING YOUR MONEY ON IT."
,Recommended,209650,13572629,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kiken,"Buy it, you'll enjoy it, Just stop listening to others have to say about it. You play it how you feel, you'll enjoy it, trust me.They did OP the EM1 but hey, those are just noobs"
76561198002400012,Not Recommended,209650,13936013,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,The 59th Sycho,"Broken game, if only they had gone with dedicated servers it would have worked out in the end but no. Wish i could play it since i BOUGHT IT!"
76561198023086709,Not Recommended,209650,13941154,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sam,I will make it short and sharp optomisation is absolutely terrible and lag comp doesnt help the games poor performance. If you held high hopes for the game or wanted to try the PC version SAVE YOUR MONEY! invest in better games (even though there really aren't many out there at the moment)
,Not Recommended,209650,22258139,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Corona,"Pros:fun campaign mode.GraphicsCons:Multiplayer doesn't work.Campaign is only fun the first time its played.It feels like the develpers tried to hard with everything else, and it just ended up a mess."
,Recommended,209650,14054402,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Furious Cereal,It's not the same old!
,Recommended,209650,14050575,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,✪ $oLoK!nG,"Awesome single player gameplay. The graphics are very impressive. 4.5/5 for single player gameplay. Multiplayer 3/5, not as good BO2 but hey that's just my point of view. Try it out yourself. Worth buying."
76561198026535471,Not Recommended,209650,16714422,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MaerchenOnkel,"Zum Glück im Sommer billig gekauft bei Steam und das war noch Zuviel Geld Singelplayer Story ist nur Geklaut ich sage nur ""KVA Lol"" sogar die Namen von denn NPC aus Crysis muss das sein ,und dann die gleichen Maps wie bei BlackOps2 Hupps da geht ja eine Brücke kaputt ,echt jetzt ehrlich euer ernst?! Tja und dann der MP wie bitte das ist doch kein COD mehr was soll das bitte ,ist das jetzt nur noch für Kids gemacht worden?! Ich Spiele ja schon Lange COD und nicht erst seit MW sondern schon seit erster Stunde von COD,aber das muss ja nicht sein,die Verschlimmbessern ja Jahr für Jahr COD.Wenn Aktivion so weiter macht,dann werden sie wie EA Kunden vergraulen."
,Not Recommended,209650,16482586,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Raiden,"As much as I want to recommend this game I cant. When I first saw AW I was really excited for it. The exosuits with the new movements really caught my attention so i bought the game and played it for a few weeks and saw that it was really fun and had a good amount of players so i bought the Season Pass. Then it all went downhill from there. With every patch(When we got them which is hardly ever) the game became worse and worse. Gun balance got thrown off,Graphics optimization fell,Server connectivity got worse and worse and with that the player base fell hard. Sledgehammer games literally gave 0 ♥♥♥♥s about the PC verison basically copy pasting the patch notes from the consoles and ripping out content (Advanced supply drops arrived but we couldnt and still cant buy them) So to Sledgehammer. Great concept horrible execution. Hopefully BO3 will be the game to bring CoD back up to decent."
,Not Recommended,209650,16498220,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,crazy.yodaaaa!!,"This game is garbage. If you get it working right, you'll notice the mechanics are heavy and sluggish. This game is unstable and unfinished. Graphics don't look amazing either. Even with a high end rig, there is stuttering. Seems a lot like Ghosts to me. This engine is riddled with bugs. The single player story is good but too short.Overall I give this game a 5/10 for the single player story.Want a good Call Of Duty game? Get Black Ops 2. Runs great, looks great and the mechanics are fluid and well polished. Moving your mouse doesn't feel heavy like in AW where you feel like you're moving a sledgehammer around."
,Not Recommended,209650,18778103,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ROCKERKNIGHT900,"Where's everyone, noone is online anymore on PC version. I'm bored, want my money back (payed $64.99 I believe (think that's right))"
,Not Recommended,209650,14762669,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,rep7ar,"Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a decent game if you enjoy: low frame rates at random moments, terrible skill based matchmaking (i.e. it doesn't work), over-powered kill streaks, and the worst spawns imaginable. PC hasn't receieved a decent version of Call Of Duty since COD4, and if you were hoping for something different/better this time, don't get your hopes up. I purchased this game expecting something better and more creative since it's from Sledgehammer Games; but for whatever reason they can't identify the problems I mentioned in the first sentence and fix them. It'd be nice if Activision actually cared about the PC community, which seems like they don't. It is really idiotic that Activision and Sledgehammer Games both seem to ignore the PC community even though it is a much larger community that can give much more feedback in magnitude compared to console gamers. So far, the best thing about this game is Exo Zombies, which can only be purchased as an add-on to the original $59.99 price. Not to mention the price is far more expensive in comparison to what you're getting. If you enjoy getting angry/upset, then this game is the game for you.-car6on"
,Not Recommended,209650,16857448,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,.dAVINDER,They ƒucked up. Again.
76561198015664464,Not Recommended,209650,12946597,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,DerpenWolf,"In this game you play as Mitchell, some guy who looks like he lives in his parents basement fighting your way through a poorly written plot line. Its your time to fight for overexaggerated reasons against an enemy that dosen't even seem to understand what in the world they are even trying to acomplish. Drive hovermobiles that tell you your going 80 miles an hour when you going under 20, dodge massive plot holes and logic falicies, and survive the general ported fealing of the game!Also try the multiplayer where if you are smart enough to equip a beam weapon and a cloaking device (And bounce around like a f-ing rabbit), you kill everyone who can't be bothered to use the new equipment!"
76561198175989777,Not Recommended,209650,17558282,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Arthur Read,NO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDNO GAMES FOUNDWE NEED MORE PEOPLE PLAYING THISThis game isn't good yet I wish people played pc.
76561198101936968,Recommended,209650,13589247,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Vårdcentral ߷ ߷,buy this game is the bestgame ever!!
,Not Recommended,209650,19086275,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,J∆X,"I am a COD fan. I like almost all the cods. But this one is a strong exception. I can believe that, they wanted something new. It is allright, but a new stuff can be♥♥♥♥♥♥too. At least they have learnt from this mistake, because the Black Ops 3 is nice!The problem with this game: Strange graphic: i can see the improvements, but the objects, nature looks like cheap plastic. The colours of the nature, the objects give me a bad feeling. Their mood just feels bad, don't rlly like it. It would be fine, if the gaming experience would replace this disadvantage. But no. sad.Gameplay problems (in multiplayer mode): Annoying movement, and animation. The worst is the exo jump. It's just like teleporting with lag, and it looks bad too. It is still annoying, if i do the exojump.When i played multiplayer, i felt like, the role of the shooting weapons is low. I always get killed by something crap drone, jet, or whatever. But almost never by shot. And that is really bad. This is a shooting game, not a drone simulator. The main thing is the WEAPONS. And when You get killed by an almost immortal fighter helicopter like 8 times in a row, that is a good reason to close to game, and don't have the whilling to play with it again. And this was just one of the many problems. Other ppl also noticed these problems, because that is ridiculous if i go to play with this game 1 year after it's been launched and there are 650 people playing with it online(whole world). I could not join any lobby. Waited 20 minutes, nothing.So the main things: bad mood graphicAnnoying exo stuffs, contains all the features from the invisibility to the jumping bs.And one of the worse: U don't require shooting skills. You camp somewhere, get like 4-5 kills somehow, and from that, You can own the servers with magic helicopters, tanks, drones and other craps.Sorry for my english, it's not my native language, but somehow i need to write this down.GG"
,Recommended,209650,17006108,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,eva,"Good old COD. Best game out. Great guns, artist, and programmers. Elite producers.Cons:Hacker and lag...Spent more time in lobby than playing"
,Not Recommended,209650,12920186,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Ben Garrison,its terrible. don't buy it.
,Recommended,209650,15260800,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Zero'Silence,Best game after mw3 and mw2
,Recommended,209650,31889843,Posted: 21 May,all,The Real Slim Shady (B. Rabbit),"The game is very good, the graphis are awsome, the story is interesting, I like it very much"
,Recommended,209650,16976755,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Travingel,"multiplayer review : its dead, honestly ive been looking in many different modes, and none of em are alive, except zombies, but not a whole lotEXO ZOMBIES REVIEW :so after quite some rounds playing over the last week,i got to say this became my new favorite zombie game mode.as much as people complain about exo suits, i got used to it fast and it really adds to your tactics of positioning.there is 1 enemy i think doesnt really have a place here, its the acid zombie that leaves trails of acid behind him that can kill you very fast.the upgrades are back but not in the form of drinks like in black ops, but exo upgrades.there is no 3 gun upgrade though, you are stuck with 2.the medic, health, soldier, and speed reload, are all back. along with exo slam, wich lets you jump in the air and crash down on your enemies, wich when you are out of ammo....will come in handy.speaking of ammo, the guns and grenade system are updated and feel better then black ops's.the guns feeling of power is always on target, my personal favorite combo is the S-12 and TAC-9 (tac-9 is a wall weapon, so i can always grab ammo)there is also a microwave-oven ray gun, wich bakes zombies untill they explode (aint that awesome?)the upgrade gun system is also refined now as it allows you to upgrade a gun 20 times, wich also refills your ammo when you do it (just for that gun tho)is the game mode perfect? no...is it worth the season pass and game at full price.if you just want zombies, id say wait for a sale. (i picked it up at the steam summer sale for 50€ all inclusive)I PURELY RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ZOMBIES"
76561198020619074,Not Recommended,209650,14671253,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lord Rahl,"Broken, unbalanced, hackers, guns horribly unbalanced, dont waste your time."
76561198015472607,Recommended,209650,14012976,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Flowbee,"the game is a great FPS but I am disappointed that you all did not have independent servers like back in the good old days of COD,  PC gamers for COD will all agree with my comment."
76561198038221589,Not Recommended,209650,13598051,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Pato Hombre,"Call of Duty: ABANDONED Warfare. The support to improve this game on pc seems gone as does the amount of players. Farewell Cod, as a longtime fan I liked the ideas in this game, but its useless if Its a laggy mess. I'm back to Black ops 2 for an occasional cod match, the only good Cod on PC since Cod 4. The difference in lag is night and day between Blops2 and AW. COD on PC seems to be a bad investment now. If they will not support PC properly don't release the game on PC."
76561198050589110,Not Recommended,209650,12850376,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,duckers14,"Multiplayer doesn't work yet. Same error since release day.. 'Error: can't connect to server at this time. Please try again later'. The activision support centre claim there are no server issues... yet... it doesn't work. If they claim there are no issues, that implies to me they're not working on fixing anything. So if they don't contact me soon about the problem, or at least acknoledge there are major issues will the multiplayer servers then i'll probably go for a refund.EDIT: Once up and running without problems, I played this game a bit. It didn't captivate me as much as modern warfare 3.I think that I was expecting more of the same, but i found the game play very different when playing multiplayer. I think it was the jet pack that every player has that I found most frustrating. Certain tactics, such as stratigical positions and knowledge of common player movements and setting up an ambush didn't really work how I expected it to. I found that as soon as you are in a position to shoot at a group of enermies, they can all just fly away and scatter themselves and you loose the ability to take out groups with clever play. Becasue it was lacking that, it's not really what i wanted.It actually reminded me a lot of how unreal tournement use to play, or quake 3"
,Not Recommended,209650,13149440,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,chem,"This game is so random, one game you will go 24/2 the next 12/18 on same map with same party and same loadout. There is no consistancy. Bullets are not registering which is easily confirmed by watching the kill cam and seeing yourself not even firing when you clearly unloaded half a clip.Seems like the trash net code was reused once again and impossibly ""improved"" to work even worse. Stay away until this game which is really in beta right now is updated a year later to perform like a game should on purchase date. But of course by next year you will indeed have another cod lining up to take advantage of you, your money, your time and your emotions."
,Not Recommended,209650,16628599,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tar,This game gave me aids and steam refuses to refund me my money because i waited to long yet they just came out with the refund policy.5 / 100 - IGN - Has flying MLG tricks and 20 players online in total at max <3
,Not Recommended,209650,12822025,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,InnocentToast,"Friends do not buy this, i'm not even gunna bother going into details. its a 7 hour singleplayer thats it.... #burningcash"
76561197972883934,Not Recommended,209650,12854310,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Wombat,Unable to join any multiplayer games..   Game has some serious problems.  Wait a couple weeks.
76561198039363645,Not Recommended,209650,12838120,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Schmoopsie,"Keep in mind I never played CoD:Ghosts. But I can honestly say this game is the last CoD game I'll be buying.The single player is the same cliche ""underdog hero"" that's in every past iteration of their games with the same either run and gun or hide in a corner until the enemies stop coming playstyle depending on your difficulty. Yes they have some fancy new tricks and gadgets to play around with but they don't add much into the game other than to break up the monotonous gunfights. Cutscenes look great on ultra graphics but the audio has been off and it just looks like spaghetti mouthed puppets.The multiplayer is the most horrendous. Imagine Black Ops 2, the last CoD game I played. Now multiply the speed by 2, add in dodging and boosting and more cluttered maps. Like every CoD game in the past sniping is absolutely impossible unless you're some freak quickscoping/twitch aimer. But with the boosting and the dodging you've got a lack of actual aiming in the game. It's really just ""double jump onto a roof, jump smash down onto the ground dodge around a corner and hold down the mouse button"". Didn't kill anyone? Just boost dodge/crouch/jump until you're finished reloading and try again.The available weapons are all basically the same. Full auto or burst. The only single shot rifle that isn't a sniper is the last unlocked weapon in the assault rifle section. With about 5 weapons per class it's probably the least gun populated CoD I've played other than CoD: 2. Their spawning system is even worse than any of their other games. I can't count how many times I've spawned just to be killed by the same person who killed me previously within .5 seconds of the screen even loading in.The lack of dedicated servers usually means you'll died in a single bullet while in the kill cam you'll see your enemy empty half a clip into you. Or you'll dodge around a corner and still die due to lag. Half the time I try to log on I get an error about the servers not being functional.To finish it all off, I have a problem with getting points added to your camo unlocks (triple kills, headshots, long shots) which now there is a 500 kill cap to getthe camos (500 longshot, 500 headshots...not worth ever).I'd give this game a 4/10. The cutscenes look great even though the audio is out of sync half the time. The gameplay is tedious and boring. Multiplayer is just a bunch of idiots jumping around like monkeys."
,Not Recommended,209650,12821616,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Lieutenant Dan,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT THIS TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The campaign works fine, however though whenever you go into multiplayer it will give you a message saying that multiplayer is unavaible at this time. I have researched the problem, and have found that many other players are experienceing the sam problem. I read one forum where the developer at activision states: ""We are aware of this problem, and will consider fixing it if more people experience it"" LOL ARE YOU F***ING KIDDING ME, I MYSELF AND MANY OTHER PEOPLE PAYED 60 MOTHERF***ING DOLLARS TO PLAY A GOD***** CAMPAIGN"
,Not Recommended,209650,12825852,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tucker1975,Broken dont bother. Audio issues stuttering cut scenes ... No support from the devs done all the troubleshooting crap. DONT waste your money.
76561198052213166,Not Recommended,209650,23096774,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Floating Dust,"This is the 1st COD game that dissappointed me. I am a fan of COD, and i have almost all the COD franchise. I have clocked countless hours before steam existed.I just hope that they will make something really good like MW2/3 or Ghosts again. I dont mind if its futuristic as long as its good.So.. please dont buy this. wait for a better COD."
76561198014548314,Not Recommended,209650,12806631,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CyberWarrior,I have all ways been a COD fan  I like the single player but the muti player on this game really SUCKS! it take bunny hoppers to a new level
,Not Recommended,209650,13061223,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mutiegenesis,"Not very fun really.  Actually, it is quite horid.  The controls are sluggish and makes using a mouse feel like using a gamepad (EEEWWW!).  The whole thing screams ""Play me on a console!!!"" - which makes ME yell back ""I FSKING HATE CONSLES AND CONSOLE GAMES!!""Lobbies - Jump into a lobby and HOPE that someone is actually playing the game (which no one seems to be).  Waste many hours waiting, loking, hoping, EXPECTING to play.  Single player is 'meh' - typical single player shooter, nothing spectacular or noteworthy.Wasted money all around."
76561198098283047,Not Recommended,209650,13086429,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ROG-HouseR,My Online Services have been unavailable for over two weeks. I paid 59.99 expecting a functional game. Activision dropped the ball on this game. Activision needs to be banned from releasing games on PC because it seems as if i'm not the only one having problems with this game.
,Recommended,209650,12815758,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,So Edgy,Shot a guy in the butt in multiplayer and I got a headshot10/10
,Not Recommended,209650,12856278,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,acertaindeath,"If I could split it right down the middle and give it 5/10, I would. There are a lot of great things about this game but it's still the same COD we've had since Modern Warfare. The story is, yet again, short but (in my opinion) has more quality than any other in the franchise, the ""exosuits"" are dynamic but seem to impair most of the multiplayer balencing (in fact, it seems like Titanfall's existance is the only reason they were in the game) and I (like most of the world) don't like the fact that I have to pay for the Zombies Mode. Seriously, they didn't think people would get upset?? That's just idiotic... Overall, if you don't know the COD brand or were looking for a COD that brings something new to the table, play Titanfall."
76561198022702734,Not Recommended,209650,13359023,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,XxHeLLzKnightxX,NEVER BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,209650,15453068,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,PYCapache,"Очень долго не играл в игру из за непонятной ошибки (12), решил ""простой"" переустановкой. Но сейчас не об этом.В первые дни после релиза игра мне понравилась, теперь когда я в неё играю, она до сих пор нравится. Разработчики создали хороший геймплей, интересную систему выпадения предметов (совсем не TF2), хорошие испытания и стимул выполнять их.Более того, несмотря на тенденцию завышать системные требования, разработчики хорошо оптимизировали игру, мой ноутбук нормально тянул её почти без фризов, и не на самых минимальных настройках. Про стационарный комп и говорить нечего.Но в чём проблема? В эту игру играет мало игроков. И поиграть можно только на Командном бое (и лишь изредка на Доминировании). Но из за кого такая проблема? Из за самих игроков. Решение очевидно. Игра есть у многих в библиотеке Steam, но играют в неё почему то не многие. Вы сможете сделать сами эту игру пригодной для игр на всех режимах.Надеюсь этот обзор был убедительным и вы будете уделять хоть какое-то время на отличную игру. Сделайте пожалуйста репост, чтобы все его увидели.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I could not play this game long time because of unknown error (12), I ""just"" reinstaled game and solved it. But now i talk about something else.When I played AW first time, I liked it. Now I still like it. Developers make good gameplay, good items drop system (not like TF2), good challenges and incentive to complete them.Moreever, unlike other developers, which increase required power of PC, this game can be played on laptop, almost without freezes.But what is the main problem? So little people play this game. It is possible to play only TDM and sometimes Domination. But this problem appeared because of players. Solution is obvious. Many people have AW in Steam library, but not many people play it. You can make yourself this game able to play any gamemode.I hope this review was convincing and you will spend some time for exelent game. Please, repost this review to everyone can see it.English review may contain mistakes. I am sorry."
,Not Recommended,209650,12826388,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,thicc birb,"Oh... so close. I really do want to recommend this game for those willing to drop the scratch, but as it is, I just can't. The multiplayer connectivity is practically nonexistent, because some ♥♥♥♥ing genius at Activision decided that dedicated servers of any kind are apparently out of style.It's especially sad since you can tell Sledgehammer wanted to make a good first impression as a Call of Duty developer, and for the most part the pulled it off very well. My guess is that, as usual, the weakest link in the chain is their parent company and their comically stupid decisions.Add dedicated servers, and I'll change my negative review. Add community servers, and I might just buy more DLC. But until then, stay far, far away."
76561198275569989,Recommended,209650,25339305,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,{Suzy Ice}DarkQueen,pretty good game keep all
,Not Recommended,209650,12807286,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Traeiu THE TOKER,"Maps are horribly small for how much mobility you have, for every kill you make there are 1-2 people already killing you from behind. A majority of the time you are being attack by 2 or more people at a time and if not you are running through corridors relying ONLY on your ping while going around corners.There is no room for skill because of the poor server management. It's all based on luck and whos ping gets to horrible servers first. I will spend 2-3 seconds shooting some fellow in the face just for him to turn and double tab me dead, when I watch the reply from his end it doesn't even show I shot my gun. Not to mention getting shot through walls 3 feet after I was already behind it on nearly every occasion.This is a flashy multiplayer ping test simulator filled with fun handicaps so even the 6 year olds have a chance at a kill or two. Much like an E rated EA game."
,Not Recommended,209650,12808882,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Spookars,"3/10 unlplayable.  Got major microstutters even with the latest NVIDIA drivers (344.60) on my 6GB 780.  All the ""wonderful"" things promised about this game in the previews did not happen.  There is no Zombies mode.  There is no dedicated servers for multiplayer (instead there is terrible peer to peer connections that cause many network errors in multiplayer) eminently breaking the multiplayer experience.  There is barely any optimization.  If you join a multiplayer game late, it microstutters like crazy.  And on singleplayer/campaign you get insane microstutters when ever there's a character animations.  Despite all these issues, the game has a decent story mode (putting aside all the technical issues) but if you want good multiplayer I suggest you don't buy this game.  Oh great now they're adding all this DLC that doesn't even come with the Season Pass.  So basically they want you to pay the $60 game price + the $50 season pass + an additional $30 for all the customization packs to basically have the full game.  That's $140 total to basically own the full game.  At least it's not as bad as the Crew"
76561198004454501,Not Recommended,209650,12809261,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,GojiraLink,"Graphics card used: Nvidia Geforce GTX 760Processor used: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4570 CPU @ 3.20 GHzRAM used: 8 GB.... I still cant get past the first intro cutscenes because of crashes and bugs.Seriously, wtf is this stinking piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ How can they release this with a clear mind??They better release a patch fixing this in next days or ALL respect is gone for Sledgehammer."
76561198017499545,Not Recommended,209650,12809249,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Balthier,no sli no dedicated servers solid titanfall carbon copy
76561198048978824,Not Recommended,209650,13301776,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,harsh1572,"I bought this game for the single player experience. Usually, this is a no brainer for CoD games. Even though its a bit repetative, its never boring.This one however, is a s*** sandwich. The levels are incredibly short. Seriously, the end credits were longer than some of the levels. Even on veteran, the campaign was almost no challange. It removes most of the fun, drive a tank, fire cannons at enemies from a gunship aspect of the game. So in summary, it is short, dull and repetative. Would not recomment 60$ for this if you're looking for S.P. only.I don't know about multiplayer.P.S. Looking at the game in my library, it tells me I have 10 hours on record. Thats less than half of anyother CoD game. Most of that would be the sh**** choppy cutscenes."
,Recommended,209650,12800483,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,The Underservant,"After the catastrophe that was CoD: Ghosts, I was a bit skeptical about this game. But after playing it for myself I could tell that this is a Call of Duty game that seperated itself from the norm.Also, you get rewarded for fisting."
76561197973958441,Not Recommended,209650,12813245,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Spacenoid Girls Are Easy,"Badly desynchronized audio in the otherwise fun and reasonably amusingly-written campaign, fundamentally unplayable multiplayer. Crashes in the menus on the rare occasion it actually connects."
76561197978733414,Not Recommended,209650,12817852,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Satyriasis,"I have a love hate relationship with this game.The new double jump and boost dodging mechanic introduced in this installment makes every game mode feel like TDM. What i mean by this is that players can literally take any path to cross the map and this can take less than 20 seconds, so im finding that im being shot in the back alot. Additionally with the new movement, there's a serious lack of defensive play. I've mainly noticed this in domination when we have two flags everyone pushes the one the enemies have and flags are switching much more frequently than in previous COD's. The game has become even more fast paced than before and i can't keep up. Trying to solo cap a point that hasn't got a roof over it is extremelly frustrating because it is impossible to accuratelly predict where an enemy will come from because they will just jump over any of the walls and♥♥♥♥♥♥you in mid air. Despite all the faults, i still enjoy playing when none of the annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥happens.This is just my personal insight into the game for which i have only played 4 hours and it is more than likely that all the hate is due to me being bad/ not adapted but its still frustrating to play most of the time for me."
76561197981574957,Not Recommended,209650,13056440,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Perllygate,Another broken Call Of Duty. They really need to offer a BETA program for COD game series. This is a COPY paste of COD Ghosts without the Fish AI. They did fix SOME of the issues from the code base they copied from Ghosts. SOME. They added ALOT more. Most of this should have been obvious by the developers Sledgehammer Games HORRIBLE community involvement. Sledgehammer Games should stick to single player games or diversify their talent pool. I'm sure SledgeHammer takes their game serious but Community management is work and its prevalent in this game and in their community support that WORK was not something they were interested in.The only positive note about this game is it offers me more time to tackle my Steam library.Skip it. Save your money. This game MAY be fixed on the PC by some future update but by then there will be NO community.
76561198028034617,Not Recommended,209650,12815053,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Axioz,"Multiplayer Lag, Single player is fun...LAG needs servers"
76561198064021071,Not Recommended,209650,33305491,Posted: 6 July,all,Commander Stealth,"Advanced Warfare 10/10Nope. Not even close to ten out of ten. ""How do we keep our cash cow franchise fresh and new?"" the developers thought. By addingJETPACKS AND FREAKING LAZERS.Now if you do think this would feel fresh and new, don't bother. Advanced Warfare is more of the same in comparison of the older games. AndWHY THE GODDAMN IS ACTIVISON STILL CHARGING FULL PRICE FOR A GAME THAT CAME OUT IN 2014, ALONG WITH IT'S CONSTANT AND INFURIATING CRASHING, I WILL NEVER KNOW BESIDES F%$K YOU GIVE ME MONEY.- I said the same thing for Black Ops 2 and I sure as hell will say it for Advanced Warfare. Because this game is just as bad, if not, WORSE than Black Ops 2. In my review, I will do my best to cover everything this game has to offer here on the PC platform, Campaign and the non existant multiplayer. Let's begin.CampaignIs it me, or does Advanced Warfare try really hard to out perform previous Call of Duty campaigns with increasingly preposterous scenarios set to an orgy of explosions that would make even Michael Bay blush. Loud, dumb, and full of... fun, I'll admit it- the single player campaign is mostly a wild ride. Being the first Call of Duty fully fledged by Sledgehammer games, it's pretty well done. Throwing us 45 years into the future, giving us exo skeleton suits that turn us into super soldiers. It immediately helps explain what you can do in a way no Call of Duty really has, it fits. But it tries to fool you, making you think an exo suit makes you survive longer-NOPE. The time to kill is the same as every previous Call of Duty, making the exo suits seem rather muted during the experience. At times, almost like they're not even there if it weren't for the jetpack ability. Especially when at one point in the game, a main character gets her @$% kicked while wearing one against a single exoless enemy when they just made a point how one exo suit can take on five exoless dudes at once.You are Jack Mitchell, really good friend of Will Irons, though you wouldn't really know that as the opening seems like you met with him for the first time. North Korea has invaded Seoul, and somehow has better technology-COUGHBULLS&%T.And your friend, Will Irorns will inevitably die for his country and your left arm will become amputated.It turns out that Will was the son of a famous CEO who controls a massive private military corporation, Jonathan Irons, played by Kevin Spacey. This is what really sets the story in motion once he selects you for his crew, and I honestly LOVE Spacey's performence in this game; he absolutely nails it. If this game didn't have Spacey, it would have been more generic and bland.However, the rest of the campaign is painfully cliched, and the worst part is what you think is going to happen from the start... completely happens. Seriously, you can see the plot twist coming from a mile away; there is absolutly no clever thought or interesting twist, or try to blur the line between hero and villain- NOPE. Once Kevin Spacey gets accepted in the United Nations, he just decides to declare war on the entire world because..I DON'T KNOW, F%!& IT.It's the very same directed linear shooting gallary, anytime something cool happens, it's just a simpe button press, contextual. But there are a couple cool sections in Advanced Warfare, a hovercycle escape, a boat escape, where you can submerge underwater for a few seconds to avoid obsticles. There's a few missions where you use a grapple hook and scale buildings like spiderman. But all of these cool things that happen feel very automatic even though you are in control; you don't feel like you're contributing a whole lot to the action that is happening in these sequences. But there are many fun sequences and a ton of variety and I do appreciate this. The campaign is good enough to keep you going to the end. But for some reason, there is no 'exit to main menu' option in between missionsThe ending, I don't know why It's so hard for a billion dollar franchise to have a GODDAMN SATISFYING ENDING, with a massive cliffhanger sequel bait ending, once Activision runs out of ideas, boom, Advanced Warfare 2, and all this talk how ""This is just the beginning"" and ""The war against the Atlas Corporation goes on"".MultiplayerBUT NO. There is no war.BECAUSE THERE IS NO POPULATION. I can't even find a single game in Team Deathmatch, There is nothing for me to say about Advanced Warfare's multiplayer because like I said, there is no population. But they are still using peer to peer connections.Don't believe me?Have a look at the actual statistics.Exo ZombiesI don't know why other developers like Sledgehammer and Infinity Ward feel the need to mimic Treyarch with their zombies mode. I haven't played Exo Zombies enough to give it a full fledged review, because the only map I own is 'Breakout' and nobody plays this mode online.ConclusionAlright, I'm really tired of writing this review, so It's time to wrap things up. To summarize, The single player is above average, multiplayer does not exist, exo zombies= meh. For $60. No. Activision, whatever group of CEOs make the decision to keep a 3 year old game at full price, you're a bunch of greedy a-holes, and you can go to hell.My advice for Mostly the Same Warfare, obviously don't pay full price, wait for it go on sale; or just buy a steam key from♥♥♥♥♥ And DO NOT buy any of the DLC, because they are none other than maps.My final rating for Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a 4/10.If you read my review all the way through, thanks. But if you're one of those pansies who just scroll down to click the 'not helpful' button simply because I don't recommend your favorite game, sit your @$% down, you don't deserve to rate this review or a spot in the comment section.Alright guys, that's gonna wrap up my review for Advanced Warfare.Over and out.           ~Stealth"
,Not Recommended,209650,12817775,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,STEM IN DIE BOS,"I am starting to really get frustrated, and I am at the verge of demanding my money back. The game keeps crashing, disconnecting and or losing servers during MP matches. Then getting matches takes forever. Utterly disappointed!The problem is the game at least had no crashing or match disconnections until the latest update 430143. WTF? I develop software too and this we DO NOT DO!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12821013,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SmartAlec,"The Game had potential to be the best Call of Duty ever. The Movement, Graphics, Sound effects, Particle systems; aesthetically this game was impressive.The Game iteself is killed by the plague that is Call of duty. The 20 seconds of fun system every CoD uses except maybe CoD4. Where the devs intentionally make♥♥♥♥♥♥tier spawns for you to be killed or kill people at and power creep the hell out of all the gear, esp. explosives.I came in expecting that, but what really killed the ENTIRE game for me was the fact the maps do not compensate the new mobility almost at all, and the maps themselves were unimaginative garbage. I see clearly the devs had no strategical value when designing these maps.Campaign is very fun and feels cinematic at times, DECENT at best story+plot+narrative. The promise, and let down of dedicated servers was a shame, matchmaking can be near impossible at times and often freeze at synchronizing game settings. When you do happen to get into a game youll experience heavy hangs/lag for a couple seconds as base. If the host is on economy internet, you will lag every couple seconds. Yet again, Host ALWAYS wins.Overall Verdict:Campaign-9/10Multiplayer-6-10, I could have done a better job balancing this myself.Its astonishing how a AAA studio can never get it right. It's also our fault for being bated into their Extrinsic trance, and buying the same product year after year always ""Hoping"" it will be better."
,Recommended,209650,12836650,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Biohazard Crow™,"Admittedly, i had reservations, Between Ghosts which in my short time playing bored me to tears and Titanfall that kept me entertained for hours on end i didnt know where to land on this game, My main fear was that it was going to feel like a cheap immitation of Titanfall, I couldnt have been more wrong. This, at its core is Call Of Duty, in a good way, in my opinion Sledgehammer achieved with Advanced Warfare what Treyarch Failed with Black Ops II.Single Player Camaign:Very fun single player mode, The campaign offers many twists and unexpected moments, alongside the jaw dropping slow-mo breach and clear moments we have all come to love.The Campaign didnt leave me bored, running a generic objective, it was intuative and offered a choice of approaches to all situations depending on the way youre upgrading your Exo, which really allows you to take a personal run at it, The campaign only stands at about 5 - 6 hours long, which as immersive as it is, passes awfully quickly. I personally was sad to see it end, i found it to be the most immersive and gripped COD Campaign to date, the beautifully done CGI cutscenes are a real nice touch, really makes you want to sit and watch what unfolds.Multiplayer modeIm going to start by saying it isnt without its problems, I personally experienced little to none, but know my share of people who spent the first few days furious at it, The problems seem to land on latency due to a lack of dedicated servers, That aside the Multiplayer in my opinion is one of the franchises best, especially lately. Its fun and entertaining, the futuristic weaponry adds a new element to the game that you cant wait to explore as you go about unlocking things, the game boasts 35 weapons, but with unlockable weapon variations the count is in the hundreds, and those variations arent just cosmetic enhancements, they come in the shape of stat boosts and nerfs along with, in some cases, massive appearance alterations, essentially making it an all new weapon in my book.The maps dont feel re-rolled and like you have run them before, like i experienced time and time again in previous titles, they feel fresh and up to date, i personally found the maps a nice balance of long/short range, tight corners and routes theres no one way from 1 side to the other, especially when your equipped with that jump pack, my only issue movement wise is the high amount of inaccesible rooftops and high points, but its easily forgotten once you get into the swing of things, running, leaping or sliding your way into combat.10/10. Definitly.But of course, thats just one mans opinion. Theres only really one way to find out whether it for you.See you on the field."
,Not Recommended,209650,12811864,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jwe,"Ridiculously lagging multiplayer. Single player campaign? B!tch, please."
,Not Recommended,209650,12819547,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Rumple Foreskin,"I wouldn't buy this game. The P2P connection reliance is beyond terrible. If the connection situation is fixed then I would say get the game because it is actually fun when it isn't lagging. $60 gone and♥♥♥♥♥♥connections, GG and another idiotic purchase by me..."
,Not Recommended,209650,12837870,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,IronWolve,"Right now I'd have to say no, there are too many issues with the game as it is. The lag is extremely horrible, search youtube for the lag issue, its almost a 1 second lag which means instant deaths.  The weapons take forever to build up while people who are already maxxed out have unlocked the best weapons.    Climbing thru windows and on things work most of the time, except when you need it.   Too many bugs and issues. Frame rate is pretty nasty unless you hack your player config text file and run in window mode.   SAD.  I skipped ghosts due to issues, and this is just as bad.  Shame on me for spending my money on this game on pre-launch.  They screwed over the gamers AGAIN."
,Not Recommended,209650,13069017,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hitman,"Singleplayer is ok (Kevin Spacey instead of a Dog).Co-op is the same as MW3. Overlooked.Multiplayer: No Dedi serversLagGraphical bugsCheatingBad hit detectionMaps are horrible, worst in the series in my opinion.Spawning is something they still haven't figured out... you spawn infront of enemies.This game should of never been released. If you ever think Duke Nukem Forever was bad, this is will be always below it."
,Recommended,209650,12766761,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,StelioKontos,"A COD game that isn't garbage, NotACompleteWasteOfMoney/10"
76561198120123312,Not Recommended,209650,12823829,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Thiago.,IT IS LAGGING IN EVERY SINGLE MATCH! DON'T BUY THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038045574,Recommended,209650,13738655,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,✪TaZeShOoT,amazing game epic campain and very good maps
76561197981810029,Not Recommended,209650,12930098,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ScareBear,"Ok, I decided to ammend my review because of a number of frustrations with this game from playing it more.First, the connection issues. I sync out WAY too much. The connection handler of this game is IMMENSELY buggy and I spend nearly half my time just trying to get into games. Its a real problem since it happens frequently. Then there's also the fact it takes several attempts just to connect online in the first place.Then there's the fact that I can't ever get into a hardpoint, momentum, uplink or search and rescue mission. Everyone plays TDM and a few play DOM. Dom is ok, but gets old, and TDM is BOOORRINNG. There needs to be more incentive to play the more interesting game modes.The spawning is just rediculous too. Constant and random locations just makes it impossible to do anything tactical and death is meaningless.I'm quickly finding myself tiring of this game and I was hoping to get alot more hours out of it.Overall, its a solid mechanic, but for TDM and DOM only? Not worth $60 and I would not recommend this to my friends even though I'd love for them to play with me. These things need to get fixed.Original Review: {Overall a really fun game (talking about the MP, the single player is meh). Its fast paced and has an interesting assortment of abilities and weapons, its a really solid MOBA that feels like a cross between counter-strike and unreal tournament. Nothing is particularly ground breaking and maybe it's not worth the full $60, but its fun nonetheless.My biggest complaint is that there are alot of people playing this game that have obviously been playing CoD forever and play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. If you're more of a casual player like me, you're going to get destroyed in a match with them, which can be less than fun. It would be nice to have some tiered matchmaking to help compensate for this to make it that you're more likely to play with people around your skill level.}"
,Not Recommended,209650,14663611,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SeniorSly,"The game itself is really good, but there aren't enough people playing it. The game is slowly dying and it's almost imposible to get a game outside of TDM"
,Not Recommended,209650,18132128,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,reyn,Game broke and i never got to meet kevin spacey.0/10
76561198116678061,Not Recommended,209650,14419562,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Salt Free,"Connection issues make this game nearly unplayable. I have a new component custom built PC so it's not hardware. I have every port forward set like activision asked for me to do. I have everything set through my router like the steam client support says to do. I cannot connect to multiplayer. What a sad sixty dollars this is. Three seperate phone support tickets and I receive the same response from activision, ""please wait for the support e-mail to be sent with instructions on how to improve your network availability"". It's the same instructions for port forwarding. Thanks for hanging up on me to send me the same redundant crap."
,Not Recommended,209650,18945428,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mr.analog,"Good lord this game is irritating. I haven't played it for a while because at launch it was a buggy mess but getting into it now it's an even bigger mess. The intro mission teaches you how to play using jump boosts and various actions and then throws that away in the next mission. Once you start getting into the campaign you are once again given another new feature this time with no on screen guidance. ""Use [FEATURE] you've never heard of before"" ok? How?? What does it do?. Just playing this game is irritating. i wish I could get my money back but its been way too long."
76561198151955501,Not Recommended,209650,18931733,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,JoshMC2000,After a recent update I have been unable to play multiplayer at all same with zombies so you know what I dont think nIm going to buy Bo3 If this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥survice pc players get every year so ye and the worst part is its broken and i cant even get a bloody refund beacuse my time is at 25 hoursyou want a sci-fi shooter go play crysis 3 the are people still playing it and its dirt cheep this days.
,Recommended,209650,18623146,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,-=DMG=- GHOST,depressing as ♥♥♥♥ that the multiplayer lobbies are litteraly empty.loved the campaign and also the multiplayer when the game was at its peak:D
,Recommended,209650,14277711,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SnowConure,asum gameplay ftw
,Not Recommended,209650,17683491,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Shrikelelele,"""Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare - Gold Edition is already in your Steam library (Includes Bonus Content: Exo Zombies)""*Goes to play Exo Zombies**Says I don't have Exo Zombies and that I have to pay for Exo Zombies*GG WP Activision and Steam. GG"
76561198033371443,Not Recommended,209650,17699811,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,TenneyBox,"This game has a lot of potential, but it fails miserably on PC. I can't even connect to a gamemode other than tdm, ffa, or (sometimes) domination. There has been no fix this entire time on PC, and I am ******* done with it. Screw you, Activision, I'm out. Fix your PC port of this game and I could've actually had fun after wasting my $60. Rating: 1/10- NO GAMES FOUND EVER."
76561198017846592,Not Recommended,209650,13937558,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CaptainKirk,"Do not buy this version of the game if you want to play multiplayer!At frist I hesitated to buy this game becasue I was afraid the new exos. Then I tried a two day trial of th emultiplayer and found that it had the same feel as Call of Duty but with the added element of the exo's movement and powers. The class customization was also great with a system simial to the last Call of Duty where you have a limited amount of points to use in many ways. The maps could be better but they were about the same as previous Call of Duty games. Everything about the multiplayer in this game is good except teh servers aren't filled with enough people to form games in amything but team death mathch and a few other modes. Uplink and ground war are just two examples of game modes I would try to play on to find that 0 games were avialble. My roommate bought this game for ps4 and every game mode finds at least a dozen games avialble. The graphics are definately better on my pc and the game runs faster and smoother, but it is not worth it when the only game I can play reliably is team deathmatch. The exo survival mode also took long to find games.The single player is great. Cutscenes look amazing. The story is good, but it is only around 5-6 hours long. Not long enough to justify $60 when thre multiplayer doesn't work properly"
76561198134347103,Not Recommended,209650,14514784,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,<little rabbit foo foo>,THE CAMPAIN DOES NOT WORK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198122251147,Recommended,209650,12918883,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Quest Lounge,DIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BE DA SWAGY GAME OF DA YEAR YO
,Recommended,209650,17480508,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,mdC_,10/10 would run into squeakers who have screwed my mom again
76561198052263387,Not Recommended,209650,15733786,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Syotos,Do not buy.  It seems fun but there is NO games at all for multiplayer.  waste of money to buy for PC unless they combine PC servers with PS4/Xbox1
,Not Recommended,209650,15736625,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sozin,"Basically since day 1 of purchasing this game there were errors, like random freezes, crashes of DirectX and fps drops. like CONSTANT fps drops. The sp is really good and zombies mode is really fun and well made  BUT  the mp is absolute garbage, the matchmaking sucks and you will find urself waiting for a game like 15-20 minutes and all the other game modes that are not moshpit or td are completely dead.The support and devs dont even care about the pc port and they just dont know what the problems are and basically u wont get any help from them.Dont make the same mistake I made buying the game, just dont..."
76561198066774389,Recommended,209650,13207943,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dragon Loli,"Buy this game if: you love throwing things at walls in rage. you never get angry because you have something wrong with your brain.Dont buy this game if: You dont like multiplayer. Your looking for something ""good"" (not saying its bad but its just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over)"
,Not Recommended,209650,16238630,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Kritex,"I wouldn't recommend this game because it gets boring really fast.The campaign is good, better than from what I have seen in a Call of Duty game before - plus Kevin Spacey!The multiplayer was fun for a while, but now it's just horrible. I am never motivated in a game session whether it'd be Deathmatch or Search and Destroy - it's absurdly boring.Even though this Call of Duty got me excited for the first few hours because of the Exo Suits. Now - I find them really annoying and obnoxious.Unless you are getting this game for less than $30, I would stay away from it.6/10"
76561198113941675,Recommended,209650,16311270,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,PlumTuckered,The exo is fun but we really need dedicated rentable server support on the next one.
76561198079394678,Recommended,209650,13301103,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,real slime talk,Probably the most innovative CoD since CoD 4. Would highly recommend.
76561198002369825,Not Recommended,209650,15648344,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PowderdToast,Cannot get into games at all except for most current zombie dlc dont waste your money
,Recommended,209650,16031190,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,itcr_,"PC unsupported, rotten as it gets, flooded w/ cheats & hacks-user, but still fun as hell. ;-)"
,Not Recommended,209650,18072272,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Exodus,"This game had so much promise. It had a good campaign but the multiplayer experience is much to be desired.There is literally no way to find a game to play unless you start searching every single game mode individually.It shows nothing to do with amount of people playing game modes and doesn't let you specify the game quality to join/region or even let you browse servers.I guarentee you most of the time you will receive ""No Games Found"" and then just quit because it is a waste of time trying.Support does nothing to rectify the issue, they sinply say ""We will pass your feedback along"" and do nothing about it. This is a pretty poor quality service and should be avoided..... unless you want to play on your own in campaign."
,Not Recommended,209650,15066040,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Jonesy,this game has me questioning the francchise no dedicated servers constant lag and hard to find servers on some game modes dont know what its like on console with cod but cant be any worse can it.... long story short dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,209650,19047789,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Sckoop Society.ggCSGOAtse.com,Its Just Not Fun Anymore
76561198052014883,Recommended,209650,14657059,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,PrincessHandjob,"Ok so, I know this game has got a lot of negativity since it came out. There are things I do not like and things I do, but overall, I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. I used to say that every new COD game was almost the same with new guns and maps. BUT THIS GAME, it felt weird calling it Call of Duty at first. It's something new for the franchise and I would say it worked pretty damn well. I got it for $40 and to me it was worth it.Here are my opinions on singleplayer and multiplayerSNIGLEPLAYERPros:Really enjoyable characters. (I ♥♥♥♥ing love Joker)Kevin SpaceyGreat storyline. Kept me wanting to play more whenver I finished a mission.THE SETTING IS BEAUTIFULKevin SpaceyFun stealth missions, not that many in the franchiseNew upgrade system, kinda cool I guessKevin mother♥♥♥♥ing SpaceyCons:Takes about 8 hours to complete. Kinda hoped for moreHad to start out with the gun the game gave you. I wish it kept the whole choose your gun thing from BO2 before a missionA few (not many) parts felt tediousMULTIPLAYERAlot of people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the multiplayer for there being no dedicated servers, so there is tons of lag. If only had 2 games with lag problems, so it's not that bad in my opinion. I have not played the multiplayer for that long yet, so this is all I have to say so far.Pros:WE FINALLY HAVE CUSTOMIZATION OF OUR PLAYER YESGood mapsExo suits in multiplayerCons:Lots of new stuff, I was confused at first (still learning)And honestly it's the most fun multiplayer I have played in any COD game.Overall I can see why people do not like this game, but I still love it. I plan to keep playing it for awhile."
,Recommended,209650,15216559,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,✞LuCielFear✞,"Love the weapon and map textures and the gameplay too,but pls improve the fps for this game as all of a sudden my game is starting to lag at some point :("
,Not Recommended,209650,16611574,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Legacy,Would be a lot more fun if mutliplayer had more than 300 players on...
,Recommended,209650,14133755,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,The Spartan,Very good game instead of Ghost. The only problems are the cheaters that ACTIVISION must do something about it.
,Recommended,209650,14149974,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,★SGT★ Papa,i like how the game is different from the rest of call of dutys but hard to play on computer compared to like xbox
76561198021323974,Recommended,209650,14150999,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BradBongZ,they really stepped up their game with this one i usually dispise the name of call of duty but this game has really improved alot of the downsides to older cod games the biggest draw back is the peer to peer conection meaning if you are the host you will get an host advantage as you will see them first. buy this game when its on sale.
,Not Recommended,209650,16855039,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,itsemptydog,"Really enjoyed this game. Ran well on my PC, but I have a pretty decent rig. Lag wasn't too bad for me. What kills it is the population. I haven't been able to find a single match of any game type in a couple of months. It's dead. DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,209650,16213318,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Neb,"It's a really good multiplayer, laser weapons are over kill though which is a real shame but you get that in any game. The lack of games is a real turn off. There's always BO2 for some time killing. Huge fan of the exo-suit movement system, adds a very exciting new dynamic to the game.Overall, impressed but there is always room for movement (like anything I guess)."
76561198067622097,Recommended,209650,13457805,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,(Itay),yes
,Recommended,209650,13951593,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GamingG930,One of the better CoD games. Exo completely redefines CoD and makes it much more enjoyable.
76561198072414551,Not Recommended,209650,18034993,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Chris,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ the worst game in the CoD series.
,Not Recommended,209650,17428826,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,TranceRevolved,"This game sucks. I've played every game since the ORIGINAL Call of Duty was a PC only game. I know which games are good and which aren't. Advanced Warfare is certainly far better than Ghosts will ever be but if you even think about buying a dlc, don't bother. Because most players won't buy them and those who have wasted their money buying them including the season pass can pretty much find NO GAMES to play. They lied to use about getting dedicated servers. didn't happen. They was the main reason ppl stopped playing this game in the first place. It's not a bad game but the devs pretty much ruined another game by empty promises. I still play Black Ops 2 several times a week and I still can get a game in most modes no problem. I have quite a few COD friends on my list from the various games and almost all the 50+ people that got the game on my friends list have an average of 25 hours played since release up until August 2015. Even the hardcore players andddd old hackers still rather play Black Ops 2 over AW. Sad really."
,Not Recommended,209650,17603798,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ShDoW.Of.LiGhT,No games found.. only able to play team death match...And now i get this error every time i try to play the game :unknown block compression type: 0
,Not Recommended,209650,16701413,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GodSmite7,I really enjoy all the Call Of Duty Multiplayer series but this one is really waste my money. I was hoping there will be alot of players playing Advance Warfare in Multiplayer with or without the dlc. This really sucks man. Fix the god damn server. I heard there's alot of hackers. Erase them pls. I really wanted to play the multiplayer with other players really badly. Now i can't find a single game.
76561198098285363,Not Recommended,209650,16951247,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ramahti,"It is very difficult to find games in multiplayer.  The only success that I've had in connecting to a game is TDM.  I cannot stand the ""halo-esque"" parts of this game so I've been trying to play the classic modes without success.  I wish that I could get a refund."
76561198039476851,Recommended,209650,18151816,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,...,Awesome multiplayer :D
,Recommended,209650,13045909,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dekkers,"This game is great, but no dedicated servers means that you will be dealing with wierd studdering and lag spikes. PLEASE put dedicated servers in the game if you wish to get more sales!!!"
76561198042625366,Recommended,209650,12851521,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,skurvypete,Has the optimization and connectivity of a potatoUPDATE- game is better now so i recommend it. it is the best cod since black ops
76561198067439975,Recommended,209650,14552584,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Supanjibobu,"I recommend the hell out of this game for its campaign, but multiplayer is left with consoles they just dont care about pc enough to fix the connection issues"
76561198065014402,Recommended,209650,14508852,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,MLG_Grizzly,"Overall decent game. The Campaign was fun enough for me to want to continue to the end, but it is much like ALL other Call of Duty's. The multiplayer is very fun one you get use to strafing around and dying really quick. If you are questioning yourself with if you should buy it or not, then i say you should wait. Watch youtube videos of people playing and decide after that!"
76561198169260562,Recommended,209650,14590445,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,XxIcehousexX,Good game
76561198206773964,Recommended,209650,14590561,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,atkinsbrodie,This is the best game
76561198083766104,Recommended,209650,14632995,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,459700,"Generally my favourite call of duty since modern warfare.  Not the same level of repetition present in all others since then, nice new step into a completely different genre of warfare and a whole variety of new items.  That being said it is still a Call of Duty so don't epect too many radical changes.  Good game and fun to play."
76561198104209131,Recommended,209650,14629050,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kentucky Fried Penny,"This game is really fun and has a really good vibe to it, sometimes it seems hard to get a grip that the servers you get to lag sometimes, but it doesnt lag as much as you think it does. I know it doesn't show that I have played a lot, but I have. This game is really fun and I have found many nice people in this game who are nice, I think this game is really good to have and is really fun to play and I hink it is worth it to get."
76561198091647395,Recommended,209650,14317694,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Oh yeah,"It's a decent game. The new exo movements add to the gameplay in what I feel a positive way. Graphics are what you would expect from COD, pretty meh. I'd give it 7/10"
76561198088198132,Not Recommended,209650,14298557,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TooFarGone,"It's 2015 and the multiplayer runs as if it were 2001.  It's the only reason I bought the game.  The lucky guy who happens to be the 'server' in any given game will always have a huge advantage over everyone else.  Very lame.  I was really onboard for this CoD, after giving up on it in prior iterations.  I made a mistake paying $60 for this, as my greatest fear still came true and I still play $5/$10 indie titles far more than this generic, recycled, lazy game.  Stay away."
,Not Recommended,209650,14301147,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Brother Mullen,This game keeps crashing after one game whilst running Windows 10
,Not Recommended,209650,14396941,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cheerylixilis,"In all honesty, I wanted to like this. And for a while I did when I was playing with others. But when I came back to it later on my own...It was just boring. Lasers everywhere if you're not getting mowed down by spray or stuck in place by lag.The best thing about this game is probably the sniping. Which has wonderful hitmarker detection and kill ability, even while jumping. Sadly that can't save this game."
76561198125580047,Recommended,209650,14068535,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ShoopdaFLEX,"All About those Crates those Crates all about it, all about those Elites those Elites all about it. 10/10 potatoes :)"
76561198072267143,Not Recommended,209650,14663480,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Chromegene,Where is the Havoc DLC?
,Recommended,209650,13681577,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,G-6,Good game but i think maps are too small
,Recommended,209650,14470274,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare (multiplayer Review with my personal thoughts on it)BEFORE I STARTED PLAYING THIS HOW WAS MY FEELING OF THE GAMEi bought it for the mp, cause i love cod series with fast paced action and flashy drops.. im a sucker for that ;)WHEN I TRIED IT HOW CAN IT BE COMPARED TO THE HYPE I HAD:was as i thought, almost same shooter as before.. but i dont know why i have better time with this game than the others.. maybe its cause of the double jump heheTOP 3 I LIKE1. Great graphics and animations2. tons of weapon drops, and easy to handle chars3. fast to level the toonsTOP 3 I DONT LIKE1. you have to register to invite other players for clan, and they also have to be registered to ubisoft.. something they mostly are not.2. coop is booring3. seen it before (now only in futuristic enviroment)So overall points by me given are 1/10 where 10 is max.Single player experience: not in this rev.Multiplayer experience:      7-8 a game i come back to as a coffee and time killer.Graphics:                               10Developer update game:        1 (only seen 1-2 small updates)Developer informing us about their team and state of game: 1IS THE GAME WORTH IT?since im still enjoying it im saying YesOVERALL: Thumbs upMy pc specs.Screen: BenQ 27"" 3D LED XL2720Z (1920x1080, 144Hz, 1ms, 12m:1, VGA/DVI/2xHDMI/DP)AMD FX (tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor (8 CPUs), -4.0GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 (4gb Memory)24576MB Memory- Mspaint out"
76561198101731946,Recommended,209650,14555772,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Violet,"Having little experience with past COD games, this was a pleasant surprise based upon reviews written from others. Whilst a little overpriced, the game itself is very fun, however the devs don't really like pc players (1 month more wait for a DLC???) Anyway, some people complain about the lack of dedicated servers, but you can always find at least 2 games on team deathmatch. The other modes are kinda woeful for players though- theres no one. At all.In terms of gameplay, it is fairly fun. The fact of having to wait until level 48 for an explosive crossbow annoyed me, but it was worth it. The EM1 is kinda op as well, but most people don't use it (you can survive with only a knife). There are a few hackers, but after about 50 hours i've only encountered 2.The number one thing i hate about it (and it may just be me), but my sound goes really weird after about 5 consecutive games.In my opinion, i give it 7/10. Buy it on sale (like now) if you want"
,Recommended,209650,13268123,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,daybro,To be honest its more like Halo than Call of Duty. Its a nice change for the franchise though.
,Not Recommended,209650,16019363,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,El Camp-0,Mutliplayer is laggy and not what a COD game should be.
,Not Recommended,209650,15874514,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,REPTAR,"Interesting campaign, though not really well written storyline.Multiplayer is horrible because there is at least one aimbot, or wall hack hacker per game. They never seem to get banned, so the game is always unfair. I wish I never bought this. I'm not buying any new releases."
,Recommended,209650,13421530,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,lil dil's biggest fan ❣,Kevin Spacey in 60fps. That's all thats needed to be said.
76561198037255669,Recommended,209650,13243490,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Twisted-Rep,"I give this game no bad♥♥♥♥♥♥for the fact of awesome, 10 out of 10 would play again. i love this game for the moderately long story and for the fresh start with new exo skeleton, to give the ability to actually get to higher vantage points and be able to do some damage in a small amount of time. the multi player is fun i just really hoped there to be more people who played a variety of game modes, and not just team death-match :/"
,Not Recommended,209650,14073574,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,"Lucas ""Dedos de Anjo"" Lohan",3 months after launch and still an insane ammount of lag. This game doesn't deserve its price.
,Not Recommended,209650,15387514,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Max,"The day I got this game i said goodbye to the sun and the outdoors. I started playing and said to myself WOW this is cool...But no all jokes aside, this game is so bad I can't even start to explain. I don't know what's worst, bugs, crashes or the horrible servers for multiplayer. Game crashes every 30 min, 4 out of 5 days you can't even log on to play multiplayer. Then when you log on the lag is horrible most of the time.I know it's not my PC or the internet because all the other MMO's work just fine etc. The connection is stable as ever, my PC handles far more demanding games just fine.So to finish this review all I can tell you is to save your money and stay away from this joke of a game."
76561198055406791,Recommended,209650,13404024,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Shadow'sWrath,Its good to have a change
76561198207069564,Recommended,209650,15855180,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Fusion3091,It is a good afternoon treat after work to relieve some stress and to have a few drinks while playing the game.
,Recommended,209650,12944197,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Henrack,"After Call of Duty Black Ops, I have had zero interest in the franchise afterwords as Activision began pushing out Call of Duty year after year after year becoming less awesome than it used to be (although Black Ops II does get an honourable mention of Treyarch trying to keep the franchise interesting). Last year's Ghosts was by far the worst in the franchise, not helped by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization on PC.This game by Sledgehammer have managed to re-kindle my interest in the series by taking the game far into the future and introducing exo suits as part of the mechanics. As for the story, it's decent but at times predictable; you go from shooting North Koreans, to terrorists, to corporate soldiers. As for the multiplayer, the exo mechanic actually helps reduce the amount of frusturations I have had with the CoD franchise, particularly campers as verticality becomes key.In terms of the PC Options, the game does contain full fledged options from texture quality to anti aliasing to shaders, etc. The one problem I have had is the lack of a Field of View slider in the single player campaign (while FOV is allowed in multiplayer) where in I did not get sick up until playing more than two and a half hours. It has to do with the developer wanting you to experience what they have without clipping like how FOV can do at times for certain games, it still was not healthy when playing up close with the mouse and keyboard (I recommenend using a controller if you have one). Though when optimizing the game for me, I tried getting the same graphical fidelity and performance at least on the same level as the PS4 and the Xbox One, however I soon learned that playing the game on 1080p with texture resolution high and everything else set to medium and/or low the frame rate (with V-Sync on) kept on tanking within certain points around the game, forcing me to have to down scale the resolution to 900p in order to make it responsive enough for me to enjoy (keep in mind my rig is mid-ranged with a Radeon 7870 and i5-3070).Overall, I find it to be decent enough for me to enjoy and recommend, if you like to see some change in the CoD franchise."
76561198015782026,Not Recommended,209650,15188362,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Otengam,"Constant lagg, no updates"
,Recommended,209650,12915646,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gugor,well like the rest fix the servers not recommended at the momentedit: it has been fixed and everything seems to be fine with me :)
,Not Recommended,209650,15129680,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Derelict,yo dog super baked 420 cool game really good game
,Not Recommended,209650,16465404,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BrutalShellfish,Purchased game upon hopes of having mindless fun. Now im out of my mind wondering why I purchased such a dead game. How do I go about requesting a refund?
,Recommended,209650,16629111,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,AnonymSoul,THE BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!
76561198016480384,Not Recommended,209650,16200565,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,=S2N=Vendetta,"Does Steam have a anti-cheat system in place for aw? If so it must be  broken just like this game. So many dirty players in all of the call of duty games, except Cod4 and world at war maybe because of the dedicated servers they have running hmmmm........ they have control. I just dont get it why make a good product and completly ruin it by peer to peer hosting. Why cant they make the game and let the gamers play it the way they want.  they need to fire the f-tard making these choices for the gamer's and go back to the way gaming was meant to be played. Let the gamers play and keep the  bean counters out of the mix. Just sayin ...............those stupid heads"
,Not Recommended,209650,16867044,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,nowayy:Y,gay
,Recommended,209650,16446443,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,eternal.- | R8,"Great, but I tried out Exo Zombies but my Havoc Map Pack DLC isn't working?"
,Not Recommended,209650,16768288,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SpOoNs,Very little servers. There are no Search and Destroy servers. This game is very bad and was  a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,209650,18008701,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mitsuha,"Good troll, ActivisionHere's a completely honest review on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥1. Servers are dead2. Windows 10 non-compatible- aka, if you downloaded in windows 8, then upgraded to windows 10, you're ♥♥♥♥ed3. No servers in SEA4. Yeah, keep releasing DLC's, we've only got 44 of themOverall, 0.5/10"
,Recommended,209650,14031910,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,thecheesewire,"i love this game. Its my favorite since BOII. the game play is much more vertical and draws obvious comparisons to more mobile games like Quake and Unreal Tournament. Tthe amount of burst fire weapons chaps my♥♥♥♥♥ but im still working my way to them. There are connectivity issues with some lobbies, for me its something like a 40% ration of bad connection to good but it doesnt bother me too much. I still manage to kick butt :)If you buy a season pass, just like in BOII the additional microtransactions arent included which left me incredulous so i dont like that. the ESC button is still mapped to the Mouse 5 key which i use for Teamspeak so chating and planning between rounds and trying to manage inventory can be a pain. Lag compensation still around but i dont think its as bad as everyone says it is."
,Recommended,209650,14200373,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Adobby,11/10 laser guns OP
76561198164129752,Not Recommended,209650,14365930,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,BattlEye,realy bad game and i have had heeps of problems!
76561197970834554,Not Recommended,209650,13500622,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Somethingelse,"KEEP AWAY!This pos has messed up my new pc and the SSDi am having to wipe and reinstall windowsbecause i got a black screen when playingthe pc locked up and even after waiting for ctrl alt del for 20 mins, i tried to to a reset using the small button on the case and for the first time ever it didn't work, even the power shutdown didn't work so i had to pull the plugnever had this problem before in over 15 years, only after cods black screen crapsteam should pull this game until its fixedthe devs should refund the fools like me who paid out for the game as its not fit to be released.anyone want to take a class action out let me knownot worth more than £10"
,Not Recommended,209650,13774777,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,the corn god,"First of all this is the best looking call of duty out there. The gameplay plays smooth (singleplayer) and the story is pretty good for a cod. Now the multiplayer on the other hand, which is where all cod's tend to shine, but in AW is complete garbage. I cant seem to get into any matches and when i do, my ping flunctuates up and down constantly, it is nearly unplayable. SledgeHammer needs to desperately add in dedicated servers or it will mostly loose all of the PC playerbase."
,Recommended,209650,12990028,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,basedspider,titanfall without titans.6/10
,Recommended,209650,13311937,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,zaphodnt,"I love this version of COD.This is the first COD I felt that I could compete with the groups that I join.I'm a below average FPS player, and avid gamer.I love the exo suits, elite weapons, the build points, and the rewards."
,Not Recommended,209650,15272885,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Wanttocmyjoyjoy,Game could be good but the amout of errors you will get will drive you mad. good luck finishing a match at all.
76561198114263566,Recommended,209650,14248988,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,(DoW)  PIT BULL,"the ea4 dlc gun , its coming along with the season pass ,its not for free , like the other guns on the game , and for been include with season pass , the gun its not the good at all , even  the guy , ali-a -  on you tube played with this gun , and he said the gun its fun but not great at all , .its misses something , i hope we get elite model of this gun as well ,because i'm not even use this gun anymore ,even with the heat sink for rapid fire ill get always kill,,,,not like the other laser gun , that personally i never use but definily its good ,"
,Recommended,209650,14202370,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Chee-Wow-Wow,It was pretty fun.
,Recommended,209650,12919003,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,GuNZxNUT,The game is pretty fun once you get used to jumping around  the guns are kick♥♥♥♥♥ it is however a bit laggy at time but it is still pretty fun peace all.
,Not Recommended,209650,14344938,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,✪ȞuҊter,this game just suck because of the MM!!!
,Recommended,209650,14057438,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Drewisbliss,Advanced Warfare revived the call of duty franchise for me personally. AW is faster paced and better balanced by 100% from ghosts. The campaign is gripping and action packed.
76561198093656996,Not Recommended,209650,15791354,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,kadito,"been playing EVERY CoD since 2004 and LOSE all the love for CoD Franchise because of weird-future-fictional-weapons, double jumper and dashing freaks. And looks like form the sneak preview, the CoD Black Ops 3 will be quite similiar.well done Activision, youre losing fans per minute."
76561198090546366,Not Recommended,209650,14697220,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Hazzecrisse,this game sucks diiiiiiiiiiiiiiicks
,Recommended,209650,12808572,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lokly,"I'll make it as short is possible. I was playing CoD since CoD 1 and 2, these were awesome. MW1 was revolutionary. MW2 was polished and had interesting lobby system. MW3 was a disappointment for me - things got only worse. I had no interest in COD games since then for various reasons.And i am happy to see a decent fresh COD game.POSITIVE:In COD:AW you have all ""modern"" features done well. Optimization is decent. Customization is good. Looting custom vanity items is good. Well done balancing and implementing new features. Cool motion capture acting, decent ""gameplay"" during single player campaign. Multiplayer trying to be competitive. Multiplayer maps are way better than in MW3. Good new balanced class system with a shooting range to test your builds on the spot.NEGATIVE:Singleplayer story still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Singleplayer still a shooting range, diluted with various activities. Most popular modes like TDM in multiplayer are still suffering from terrible spawn spots. Cheaters already (not many), small itchy mistakes in the optimization towards mid-low grade PC's.PS:Dig the config of the game to adjust sensivity, also consider lowering m_pitch because jump packs. I have sens 2.2 m_pitch 0.018 on KANA mouse."
,Recommended,209650,12816267,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SarahRY,"Ok im getting sick of watching people complain about this game. first off a lot of people are lagging. well the result could be get better internet, im not saying its not the games servers fault im just saying you can blame your cruddy internet on the game. Second everyone ITS NOT THE GAMES FAULT IF ITS TO HIGH ADVANCED FOR YOUR PC. That is ALL your fault for not reading the minium and checking if your pc could handle this game. I hate seeing people put negative reviews just for those two reasons. Especially the lag. Any multiplayer game you play will lag especially call of duty, do you know how many people play this game?Now that im done with that if you want this game i defintly reccomend it, It is 10X better than ghosts, very little lag, the exo abilities are the sickest thing ever. the campaign so for is GREAT. multiplayer is very impressive but i suck at it D: i give this game a 10/10"
76561197970507186,Recommended,209650,14606996,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The_Law_Giver,Great game after the update.
,Not Recommended,209650,14736538,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,twk,Una ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197995684409,Recommended,209650,14128899,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,IllTrix,"Hi there! I know there has been a lot of horrible reviews about this game for the PC version (Hacking, Latency, Glitches). So I waited to buy the game for 3 months. Even with all the bad reviews it will still getting I decided to fork out the money for the game and I love it! Yes I have encountered some people hacking and its actually kind of funny how obvious it is the hackers will actually talk to each other about which hack they are using. The regular players usually team up and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥and report them and they are usually gone on the very next map! So someone is taking care of buisness! As for the Latency issues I have none! The game is very fast paced with a lot of fun people playing! Don't let a few bad reviews stop you from buying this wonderful game! Add me if you like!"
,Recommended,209650,15258905,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,GloriousPancake,"Great game, I've played for a long time and very enjoy it :) But please fix some stuff and make some small changes for PC that consoles don't have like remove SBM or something along those lines, or remove some gamemodes or SOMETHING to make the game more enjoyable by finding game quicker since there is a minimal amount of players on Steam."
76561198069811970,Recommended,209650,12961827,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Tr1gg3rHa99y,"I've played alot of the cod games and this one is by far my favorite ive had no problems with the game at all and i think if gives new players a chance. THe old games were all the same, there was one skill and specific players that had it not giving newbies a chance to figure it out now players can master the exo armor and it gives them a fighting chance. This is probably why people dont like it, they are not the champions anymore. All in all absolutely amazing!!"
76561198112237762,Recommended,209650,13768449,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Uprise,"I play CODs for the story line single player. I honestly have to say i was so thrilled playing this new refresh of a COD. by my hrs on record its freaking short. but i trucked through it pretty fast i must say. Definitely replayable campaign. And WAY more features and bigger battles makes for a good experience.  I also got Hooked on Exo Mode, very good round based coop mode with advancing levels and upgrades."
,Recommended,209650,12818733,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Au79,gg
,Recommended,209650,12828880,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Dmitri Gayfisher,"So... Multiplayer is ok for me now. I get some lag but nothing too bad, some fps drops here and there but all in all runs well. On multiplayer all settings are at max. AAAAAAnd then there is the single player. Can not even play it really. I get 5-10 fps image constantly stops entirely and soung lags. All setting are on lowest possible or off and my cpu is intel i5-4670k and gpu nvidia gtx 780 ti. WTF!edit. Latest update fixed everything game runs now 200fps and no lag for me. Fun game and when dedicated servers arrive even better."
,Recommended,209650,14590769,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,i'd smash,a cod game that doesnt actually suck.
,Not Recommended,209650,14882228,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[SmC] ChroniX,"Not free to play, still charges for all kinds of stupid packs.Huge franchise, still releases broken DLC and buggy patches.Zombie-mode is lots of fun, if you ignore the lag and tiny bugs.If this game included everything, because of the insane retail-price of the base game, I would give it a 8/10.But because of broken DLC, insane prices, everything-packs, silent devs and non-dedicated servers I give it a 4/10."
,Not Recommended,209650,15196641,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Standard_Gaming,dont buy this it was all fine when it was released and now you gett connected to half the people that are hacking aimbots and everything is messed up go play CS:GO and you will see that no hacks there but welcome to COD where people cant play legit
,Recommended,209650,15929654,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Hommer Simpson,Asum Game :)
,Recommended,209650,14096800,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,S. Boisvert,The game play's fast like this . Loven it !!!
76561198014842343,Not Recommended,209650,15278283,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Gaperide,"So the worst rated CoD in franchise history continues making DLC and bolt-ons for something that is broken while ignoring the issues that would expand playability? Ok, figured so. Sledgehammer dropped this one hard. The game is a fantastic game if they would just fix the ability to actually play online."
76561198033660251,Not Recommended,209650,15217627,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SlowlyBlinking69,"Afte the update 2april, This game is in one word♥♥♥♥♥♥Get in CrashCrashGet in CrashBoom it works.Bam Crash agin!I payed 110$ For some stupid trash♥♥♥♥ this want my money back $$$"
76561198089311576,Not Recommended,209650,16513703,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Random Flops,"A BLAST FOR 25 DOLLARS!!!But wait... thats what it is on SALE. The game provides hours and hours of funpacked gameplay, but doesnt live up to its call of duty title. The game deserves a lower price for its lack of content. The matchmaking system sounds good on paper, with its matching your skill level with other players, but there are ways to cheat the system and when you are thrown into the game against lvl 50 players and you're only lvl 7, it is a difficult request to as you to level up and get your P2W supply drops.IF THE GAME IS ON SALE FOR <35 USD, then i'd say buy it. It's a fun game! Just gets a bit stale after a couple hours straight of jumping, boosting, boost jumping, boost jump boosting, hovering and all the other futuristic stuff you dont need in a shooter... including trashtalk. So if youre thinking of buying this for 60 USD, then think again. Wait till it is on sale. (which is pretty often actually due to developers not getting their damn money soon enough, resulting on a sale, which further results in their pocket cash expanding.)THANKS FOR READING!"
,Recommended,209650,14052326,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tom Cruise,Still better than Ghosts.
,Not Recommended,209650,14507623,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Super Autist,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThe Port is incredibly terrible, and I know what I am talking about. You cant Play like a 1/3 of the Maps because it will fail to load, there is a Glitched Gun, that shoots with FPS, well on Console it not broken, because u have constant 60 FPS there, but imagine someone with a decent Weapon that shoots like 1,5 Times faster (PC is restricted to 90 FPS) or someone with a godlike PC and FPS unlocker :DAlso: The Game is full of hackers, Especially League Play is full of them, you cant play 1,5h without seeing one, well maybe except for if your playing TDM. Last off: There are some Glitches with the FOV randomly changing from your set FOV to 65, and no one is really playing this anymore, so you cant really just get on play a couple games and go offline again, you will find yourself searching for lobbys all the time and joining matches that already started, and if you decide to leave a game and search on the same playlist again, chances are, you will join the same game xDFix your ♥♥♥♥ing games Activision, it isnt that hard to just make a decent ♥♥♥♥ing port like they did in BO2 and that game is actually playable. Seems like CoD is going to die if Treyarchs next game will suck too. But for gods sake, dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Advanced Warfare is complete♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209650,12889317,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jogund,"I have played Call of duty: advanced warfare since the release and i think its a great game. I love the new mechanics like double jump, slide and the exo abilites. It has very balanced guns except the laser gun on pc is to easy to use and therefor to OP. The graphics is amazing for being a call of duty game. The game runs smooth on ultra settings for me with like 85 - 91 fps. One thing that is kinda bad is that its capped on 90 - 91 fps on PC.+ Great graphics+ Great gameplay+ Well balanced guns+ FOV Slider- 90 fps cap- Sometimes i get network issues, like cant connect to call of duty server and get kicked sometimes."
76561198158144237,Recommended,209650,14303804,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cohen,best game
,Not Recommended,209650,18275879,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lumus D Dark,"The Game doesn't work anymore, i keep getting No Games Found on all game modes and its constanly freezing up in menus. This really sucks they need to fix their game."
,Recommended,209650,14657603,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,armandomorales4040,good bad both have season pass digital pro edition i go on exo survival its 12:28pm and the havoc map pack should come out but i dont have it and ae4 widowmaker should be more overpowered for gods sake its a lazer gun serously   please tell me how to work exo zombies thank you
,Not Recommended,209650,15273740,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Siberian SF,The loading time alone makes me not play this game. Glitchy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209650,15306896,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,LeifJay,"Lovin The Game, we just need more people online :/ hardcore TDM Is the Best ;) Try It Out!"
,Not Recommended,209650,17064108,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,FatalityHero,crap worst cod
76561198094669544,Not Recommended,209650,14819133,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DEATHSTROKE,this call of duty is♥♥♥♥♥♥whay cant you sell your games back to steam or delete it and get yo money back
76561197971585293,Not Recommended,209650,14829252,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BadKarma,if u want a game that fails to conect to server constantly and friend list does not update as you are playing and is riddled with hackers map packs that take forever to come out well after all other systems have it then when it does come out is only available in certain game types then go ahead and spend 100 bucks on this crappy game.
,Not Recommended,209650,14827475,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,George Bush,-No dedicated servers-Random DPI flare ups-Sucky KillstreaksBasically like almost every COD ever...-69/420Save your money...
,Not Recommended,209650,17280796,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,INTR,"All Activision needs to do is level the guns, get rid of killstreaks, reduce the lag, and get hella more servers (so i can actually join a game after 6 hours, yea you heard me, left it open over night, no games found).Do i recommend this game? Well, if you want to spend $60 and get a sh*t game... THEN HELL YA!!"
,Recommended,209650,16096730,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Noob おにいちゃん,YAY sledgehammer finally made a cod game by them selfs :3
,Not Recommended,209650,16420126,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sango Tucka,This Game Is total garbage on pc. Last cod game i ever buy for pc
76561198060407498,Not Recommended,209650,20925783,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mr. Pryde,Literaly the failed abortion of Halo and Call of Duty filled with DLC's and trash mechanics. (It's ♥♥♥♥ing trash).
,Recommended,209650,12807133,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Garenator,"I haven't owned a call of duty game since Modern Warfare 1 came out, so I thought, this is a new CoD developer with what appears to be a solid concept, ♥♥♥♥ it, lets give it a go.I've only played the multiplayer so far (SP campaign has FOV locked to 65, blehg motion sickness, hopefully they patch that).The multiplayer is very fun, still similar to Modern Warfare (from what I've heard none of the new CoDs really strayed far from that path). I am REALLY enjoying the exo movement. You have your double jump and a separate dash ability, so you are very agile, getting the hang of the new movement is somewhat frustrating in MP, but once you get used to it it is very fun.Side dash around corners, backdash to get away from an ambush, if you do a down dash in the air into an enemy you kill them, it is very enjoyable. They did a good job having all the maps make good use of the new maneuverability.I do like all the 'futuristsic' stuff they added, red dot sights that zoom in if you're not moving while aiming (actually extremely useful if you use it right), another red dot that make enemies in the sights glow red, under barrel microphones that make silenced weapons show up on the minimap, threat and EMP grenades, the system hack scorestreak, cloaking. The game has a very fun rock-paper-scissors feel with some abilities being negated by certain perks and whatnot.There are some lag issues in the multiplayer (nowhere near as bad as BF4 or Sim City when they launched though), but nothing horrible, sometimes you have to try a few times to join a game or will get dissconected.If you've played all of the last CoD games this probably wont be anything special to you, if you haven't played a CoD game in nearly a decade and want to try one that does feel like a fresh(ish) start with new ideas for the series, you might like this. The story seems like a solid concept as well, I really hope they patch the FOV limit.UPDATE: I finished the campaign, it's very cliche but also very fun. There are some really fun parts, it does feel very linear and scripted, but is still very entertaining. My only real complaint about the SP is how short it is. Took me 6 hours to complete. SIX HOURS! I could have beaten this in one day at work with 2 hours left to actually get something done. I will say, it is fun enough that if you have 6 hours+ of free time you might just plow through the whole thing in one sitting. I've put about 30 hours into the MP and am still enjoying it. I still love the exo double jump and boost thing. When I go back to Titanfall, I now feel very sluggish and unagile."
76561198018291587,Recommended,209650,14000874,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Wobbuffet,"♥♥♥♥ed a lot of mothers , 8/8"
,Not Recommended,209650,32015024,Posted: 28 May,all,T H I C C,the campain story is more about the character than about war its predictible its super easy on veteran u can do it in like 10 hrs mp is non existent  and zombies are nothing special
76561198092835839,Not Recommended,209650,21656982,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,hunterkiller013,"After a couple of hours of playing, the audio just started crashing, sounding like the speakers were in a can underwater. It's definitely not my pc, because every other game runs well on it. Just specifically this game."
,Not Recommended,209650,17122140,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dreccan Of Paws,"What the hell did I spend $60 on? Puttin in a complaint for it back if I can fight it hard enough. No dedicated servers, actually, no servers at all. Every single time I queue for a game it says NO GAMES FOUND, NO GAMES FOUND, NO GAMES FOUND, and even if you find a server it's full of hackers and lag because it's not a dedicated server.In the same day I entered a match and was promoted to the highest rank, then entered a match about 2 hours later and put down to rank 1 by someone who was spamming grenades faster than I could shoot my pistol.Fix this or refund the money, or atleast say it's an unfinished game so we know we're buying before we play it."
76561198141329663,Not Recommended,209650,14242569,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Trippy,"I feel like this game is amazing, but because of the lag and hackers, it really makes the game worst. Every time I open the game and and I click online, it says that the servers are down. It takes atleast 20-25 mins to start. Sometimes, I give up and I don't play at all. It is the biggest regretment ever. I payed 60$ for a game that I can't even play. Good job SledgeHammer"
,Not Recommended,209650,30266808,Posted: 1 March,all,Anonygoose,no
76561198278566213,Recommended,209650,25039421,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,More8,"Well, well.. This one a tricky subject and controversial franchise in todays standards. There is so wide gap between those who still enjoy COD and those who absolutely despise or are tired to the bone with it. I personally have played the first 3 COD games and then some MW2 and MW3 and now this, so I'm definitely not a fanatic or have tired myself out with these games. I did prefer the first 2 games most at the time and never was a huge fan of the MW franchise but liked those too. The cinematic storytelling I quite like but don't like the direction it's taken with all these qte cutscenes that hardly lend anything to a gameplay experience. I would rather just watch a cinematic unfold than do tedious button mashing that's supposed to immerse myself into something I really have no meaningful interaction with in reality. The only exception to that sort of gameplay I found to be appealing in indigo prophecy made by same crew that did heavy rain. There they made it fit the game somehow. However I must say this COD action wise seems frantic and visceral, production values are high and I feel the immersion in combat. The story might not be groundbreaking or the qte sequences really doing much for the game, but when in combat I must say the excellent audio and extremely hectic battles do suck me right into the action. As I'm not a competetive COD player it could be just that I have not bored myself to tedium with the franchise and thus am able to enjoy this iteration from a ground up level. Visually the game is quite stunning and while the engine is not up to par with latest engines it certainly looks very good with the shaders implemented here for postprocessing. The one gripe I have with these is the quite lackluster storytelling (read Michael Bay style) And the static environments. It's quite funny to see tons of particle effects on screen but when you shoot a bucket with a shotgun it stays glued to the ground and does not even receive damage other than some default decals. That kind of ruins the immersion for me but then again the action is so frantic you hardly have time to notice that at all. I like it, so maybe give a cautious try if you like COD but have not worn yourself out with every single iteration of the franchise :) The zombie modes are fun too imho. Totally turning the tables on the campaign to show a picture from the 'other side' Some of the best character models and realism to any action game on the market here too, which helps feel part of the albeit lackluster story. I have'nt mentioned the futuristic exo weaponry for purpose here. That is due to their limited use in the game which is a let down for me. You only get to use certain gear on certain levels, meaning you won't be able to enjoy the touted abilities or gameplay as it seemed in the trailers. You feel restricted by the developers in the singleplayer campaign. I suppose this was done to keep the story tight and to blend in with level design but it still is a let down when this was supposed to revolutionize the combat mechanics. On the other hand, in multiplayer you DO get to use all your gear so your multiplayer games are not limited by your abilities or gear."
76561198120704458,Not Recommended,209650,16756852,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,CandyAndyKing,"Do yourself a faviour. Don't buy this game and don't buy the next one. Huge disappointment! Most cant even play becuase the matchmaking is broken, hell everything is broken with this game. Just a warning to all the Call of Duty fans, It is dead... sad but true. I have all the downloadable content, spent over $800 for it and got $50 worth of game. If you buy the game your being cheated just like i was. Steam has other amazing games so look for them, coz u wont find one here."
,Not Recommended,209650,15540439,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,BlueFives,"Exo Movement ruined call of duty, Stroy was decent but multiplayer is really bad"
,Not Recommended,209650,16880962,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,THE REAL ShaKo,"This game could be very nice withouthorrible lag compawful weapon balancestruggling to get a matchtruckload of ♥♥♥♥in bugs and lags and dumb stupid ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥ like freeze dying , no new gear for GM prestige , lack of support if not NO SUPPORT AT ALL.unaccurate killcamslack of options about clan , profiles , no theaterthe HUGE amount of virtual memory neededmaps that wont load with shader preload which would lag if they didmissing all the new stuff cause im the hightest level is the last reason why this games no longer in my heart.1600 hours played , thats why you have to believe this review"
,Not Recommended,209650,16878374,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Sparrowhawk,"If you're looking for a rather enjoyable single-player experience, then this game might be right up your alley.However, if you are considering to try out the multiplayer experience on PC, then be warned. The multiplayer is absolutely painful. There are hardly enough players to get a game going and no dedicated servers, but Sledgehammer is still releasing DLCs for the game. Why?!I've tried waiting at different times on different days for hours, and I can't get a game going. I get so mad at myself for wasting so much time just trying to get in to a multiplayer match that I can feel a slight tingle in my left arm and this pain right behind my eye. I think I might be getting a stroke.I hope that everyone in Sledgehammer eats a monkey's hairy butt and dies in a fire.10/10 - would spend another 2 hours of my weekend waiting to play while my eye twitches uncontrollably."
,Not Recommended,209650,18190844,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,D1,"Perfect example of a good concept poorly implemented.The exo movements brought a deserved change in pace to the game and so i reserved recommending this game until now, having mixed feelings and all, but now: i've had enough, lag has destroyed it and not being able to connect to servers has frustrated me to no ends, the idea of placing DLC holders into seperate lobbies made it even worse (i didn't even bother with the final DLC - honestly i don't care anymore).Personally - i wouldn't recommend this 'bug-ridden-gimmick-based-game' to anyone, rather wait for BO3."
76561198015615095,Not Recommended,209650,15763737,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,=phX=Thirteen,"Likes:1.  Cool COD concept game.  Really like the idea and intentions of this game.2.  Like the weapons, most maps, and exo suits.3.  Like how all perks and score streaks are customizable.Dislikes:1.  Not to harp on this, but no dedicated servers that you can PURCHASE.  Activision doesn't seem to know what people mean when they say dedicated servers.2.  Lots of really Laggy maps.  What you see isn't what truly what happened in game (wysiwyg fail).  I don't think the numbers of bars means what we all think it means.3.  New maps ARE NOT available in all game modes.  Yep, you read that correctly.Conclusion:Still a fun game to play with friends.  However, with every new game release I notice more and more friends not playing.  Like so many other people I hope the next COD release they will go back more to their roots that everyone loved so much, and hopefully recapture many of the people that they've lost over the past few years."
76561198108597006,Not Recommended,209650,15451191,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CrimsonElite,Barely anyone is on this game
76561198011705945,Not Recommended,209650,15551610,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Darth Vaper,"Waste of money like recent C.O.D games. Need dedicated servers... thought would evntually happen with news feeds and all before release, just more lies, rumors, whatever.. SUCKER on my forehead 3 times, so won't invest any more money till dedicated servers are active.. even then i still don't trust their business attitude.Now only if I could find something along the same game play, without al the B.S. that came with this game.Suggestions welcome"
76561198077623263,Recommended,209650,33596204,Posted: 16 July,all,Elessar,"Pitch: this is the future soldier! 2054 to be exact. Exo armor and other high tech gadgets have come to the battlefield. You are Scott Mitchell, a US marine to whom Atlas, a mega military corporation is giving a second chance. You'll embark into a worldwide conflict full of actions and thrill.Now COD Advanced warfare leaves me with a mixed feeling. On one hand, the game delivers its promises with tons of high paced actions. a really good narrative for the solo campaign (with actors delivering a good screenplay) and this unique COD feeling.But on the other hand, it feels like an unpolished game: the gameplay is chaotic, you don't have that many weapons choice, the graphic engine, while pleasant, feels really heavy at time and we can feel that despite the official claim that the engine was rewritten from scratch, well, they took huge chunks of the old one. AND, many missions feels like a reskin of previous COD ones.AND, AND, the biggest drawback of this game is the AI. I mean, WTF! Your teammates in missions are completely useless! So many times I found them sitting right next to the ennemies and they don't do anything. They just watch and enjoy the show. From all the COD I played, this one is by far the worst to this regard.So in the end, I can't say that this game is bad, or that I wouldn't recoomend it, but it's definetely not my preferred COD, but hey, if you get it on sale, why not, you'll get a 10h interactive action movie that will let you taste the future warfare!"
,Recommended,209650,14318275,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Jim,good game but it got boring pretty quick
76561198183151705,Not Recommended,209650,15466862,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,qwerty hellcase.com,this game needs ALOT of memory in order to run
,Recommended,209650,14930257,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Si Fat Lung Sin Sang,"The game is good but theres some problems that must be fixed. I can only join mosh pit and TDM, when i tried to join others, there are no games available. And when i join TDM or mosh pit, there are only 1-3 games available. I don't know if it's my wifi problem but I need help on fixing it."
76561197995395707,Not Recommended,209650,14742887,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,¿Ebola¿,Connecting to Online Services But no  ERROR: The Call of Duty.Advanced Warfare Service is not available at this time.Please try again later. even if u do get in the servers r laggyWell I've been trying for weeks they released Havoc DLC but still cant play the game
,Recommended,209650,14345564,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hoodiepanda,"Surpasses all of my expectations of previous installations of COD. Usually you'd see these types of games as stupid and money grabs, and that might be the case here. But I'll be damned if this one isn't a hell of a lot of fun on PC and works gloriously."
76561198119622466,Not Recommended,209650,14674984,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Wubbles,YOU MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ERS
,Not Recommended,209650,22080817,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,I don't know what to call myself,"- Has no players on multiplayer (weird matchmaking coding to blame - they will never fix it)- Awesome singleplayer campaign (if you are a console noob), probably the best since MW2- In-game sensitivity changer doesn't have numbers (wtf?)"
76561198127187491,Not Recommended,209650,16968626,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SoGScoutSniper,ERROR: MENU_CONTENT ERROR --------> failed launch
,Not Recommended,209650,12859574,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blade,"Not long enough campaign.It is such a shame that developer who was responsible for ""team balance"" was a free trainee. It could be a great game. .Second it that knife thing. I would suggest to person who decide that knife can match any gun, start watching news, or maybe some movies when there is guy with gun and knife against each other.Reaporting of cheaters is pointless. Whole day I had to play with some idiot with wallhack and nothing changed. Maybe time to take it siriously as you were happy to took loots of gamers money!However the game itself has potential and maybe one day will be more down to earth. At the moment is mesh-up of Quake3 and Counter-Strike."
,Not Recommended,209650,13988883,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,_IMPULSE SLY_,Multiplayer only connected for the first two weeks then nothing what a load of rubbish.
76561198011138724,Not Recommended,209650,17547450,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Jessticles,"Directions for winning at this game:1)Hit lvl 262)Pick up the Na45 as soon as it unlocks because you'll need 20 kills with this, currently, piece of crap3)Once you get your 20th kill(Assuming you havent given up by now) you'll have the Ballistic CPU attachment... EQUIP IT!4)Never use another gun, just make 5 classes with a variant of this gun.Congratulations, now you can literally quick scope at the ground 10 feet away from anybody and you will kill them because you have a sniper rifle that launches grenades that kill in 1 hit... FROM ANY DISTANCE as long as their within the approximate blast radius.If you are reading this and thats the only gun you use for that reason then just remember insane KDR doesnt mean jack squat. You aren't even aiming! I've watched the replays and you are absolutely the worst shot i've seen. If this gun wasnt so unbalanced you wouldnt even have a positive KDR.But congratulations, you've found the biggest exploit in the game so that you appear to be skilled and now its not any fun for the rest of us who actually want a somewhat balanced game.K thanks"
,Not Recommended,209650,17543298,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,zebralemur,"I 100% REGRET BUYING THIS GAME. THERE IS NO ONE ONLINE, EVER. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE. NOT A SINGLE PERSON IN THE ENTIRE WORLD WANTS TO PLAY?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????0/10NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND NO GAMES FOUND"
,Recommended,209650,16554779,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Judge®,Great game.
76561198057106782,Recommended,209650,13887517,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Aaron,Amazing game! Graphics are absolutely stunning. Campaign is very short but exo survival is so awesome! Multiplayer is better and newer than ever! Exo zombies is going to kick♥♥♥♥♥:) Just another great Call of DutyWARNING TO ANYONE WANTING TO PURCHASE THIS GAME: To play multiplayer i had to do some port forwarding with my router. It's a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you don't know what you're doing and it's actually very sad that SledgeHammer let this issue slide. The multiplayer is literally unplayable if you dont port forward and for many people it's too confusing.
76561197998912017,Not Recommended,209650,13571809,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,-=|AKA|=-BANDIT,"MULTIPLAYER REVIEW ONLYThis game is broken in several significant ways that are deal breakers.1. The lag compensation is the worst in a COD game that I've seen and I've played almost every one.  Often what you see in the killcams is not even close to what you saw in real time.  When you have the lag comp advantage you can stomp your average public players pretty easily, but when you're getting the disadvantage you're getting killed in ways that constantly make you scratch your head by people that couldn't touch you in another FPS.2. CONNECTION PROBLEMS!  Connecting to online services, connecting to friends, connecting to games, connecting to lobbies.  Once you're connected your next problem is staying connected.  Before the recent patch I had to try 4 to 5 times each time I tried to connect to online services.  Now I either get in on the first time or not at all no matter how many times I try.  For me almost all of the game types have no lobbies.  Brand new game, can't play any other game types except moshpit (multiple maps and types), team death match, or sometimes domination.  Anything else, no lobbies.  It's a pain to connect to friend or friends and often after you do get connected, one of you won't join into a game and then you can't connect back up.  Yes, yes, I know all about getting an open NAT and port forwarding for both the game and STEAM.  All done.  I'm on an up to 10 MB/s DSL.  I have zero connection problems in any other games.3.  The spawns have improved slightly since the patch, but the way enemies spawn always seem to put them right behind you or on your flank.  So you just cleared the immediate area and then you get shot in the back by someone that wasn't there two seconds ago.Some other things are just mildly annoying.  For example, in Black Ops 2 you could easily look at a player's stats to help decide if something was fishy and there was link to their STEAM page so you could see if they had VAC bans or a new account and you could report them in STEAM as well as in the game.  You don't have that in Advanced Warfare.  A lot of people complain about the weapons balance.  Personally I couldn't care less about the weapon balance.  I'll use what works for me and do just fine.  Personally it's hard for me to get too worked up about the little things when there are several major issues.  Of course a lot of the big issues would be fixed or at least minimized with dedicated servers, but all the big companies care about anymore are console players.  Everything is a console port.Don't get me wrong.  There are a lot of good things about the game and the tweaks they made to the standard COD formula.  I like the movement system, even though it can be buggy and not as smooth as they probably hoped.  The ability to customize score streaks with different attributes is pretty nice.  Overall I like the maps.  Problem is that there are fundamental problems that directly affect how well you can play which you can do next to nothing about.  That is if you can even get online at all...Oh and by the wayValve, why do I have to play the single player for at least five minutes before I review the multiplayer?  I haven't played a single player campaign since COD 4.  I typically don't even load the single player campaign on to my computer.  I had to load six gigs of single player that I'm not even going to play just so I could review the multiplayer."
76561198011032403,Not Recommended,209650,14205432,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Imperius,Same game but with jet packs
,Recommended,209650,13061272,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Falcon2k,Better then Ghost they work for this game Grapichs are good singleplayer good not awesome but good Multiplayer is the same sometimes server's sucks still you can have fun with exo not bad at all
76561198066288046,Recommended,209650,17235780,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nateson,"I have 300+ hours in the multiplayer, in my curator review, I have only positive things to say, the game isn't bad at all... unlike people are saying here about ""bad hitboxes"" and what not. That's a pile of crap. They can't aim. I write this review to tell you THAT IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS FOR THE MULTIPLAYER, DO NOT BUY IT. The servers are empty and dead. You can no longer find a match in any game mode, I've been seraching for over a week now and nothing. With only finding lobbies in team deathmatch that would never start. I wish more people played, it was a great multiplayer."
,Recommended,209650,13465799,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,XvKnightvX,"Just to start off this review this years call of duty game advanced warfare was created by sledgehammer games and ido recommend it. Some quick background of sledgehammer, they were the co creators of MW3 (Yea... not muchbakcground). Now by looking at a lot of the reviews for advanced warfare your probably tempted not to get it but imhonestly really enjoy playing the multiplayer apart from most other cod games. First thing to talk about is campaign thenexo survival and finally multiplayer (Saving Best For Last) Campaign was actually pretty fun i understood the storypretty well and the missions were nicely done with good variation. Now of course this is call of duty were talking aboutso the campaign isnt exactly 5 star worthy but compared to other call of duty campaigns this one was designed well. Notmuch too say about exo survival except that its pretty much mw3 survival with exoskeletons (ill talk about exoskeletonssoon). Now ive saved the best for last call of duty advanced warfares multiplayer which to me one of the best call ofduty multiplayers ive ever played. Keep in mind im into faced paced games so considering the exoskeletons which givethe game that speed boost that ive been waiting for call of duty to implement however if you prefer more of a slowerpace kinda game well advanced warfare still has you covered with gamemodes like TDM, domination, and search anddestroy without exoskeletons. Real quick lets talk about what exoskeletons or exos as they call them allow you to do,exos give you a legit way to double jump dash forward, backward, left, and right. Exos also give you access to exoabilites, exo launcher and an exo powered punch rather than call of duty's standard knife. The exo launcher is basicallyyour grenade however you dont throw it you shoot it out of a small machine located on your wrist (Like in black ops 2'scampaign). Exo abilites are special abilites for exo's some are exo shield, exo ping, and exo trophy. Advanced warfaresloadout system is almost identical to black ops 2's (which i dont have an complaints about) however instead of 10 pointsyou get 13 points to spend on various weapons, equipment and gear as well as wild cards. Anyways the point is thiswas actually a change of pace to normal call of duty's and i recommend it to fans of sci fi games, fast paced games, andcall of duty (obviously). I hope this helped give you a clear overview of advanced warfare's game changing system."
76561197998665138,Not Recommended,209650,13831044,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,num3ers,"For me personally the games graphics are supperior to any game that I have seen to date (I haven't been able to get to far into the game due to crashes a couple minutes in).  Updates to address issues seem to be slow comming to date with one of the biggest issues being optimization for CPU and graphics.  While running this game with all settings set medium-low and windowed at 1920x1080 resolution, my CPU runs between 70-100% and crashes after a couple minutes.  I have tried various settings, fresh install of operating system, SLI on/off, overclocking/underclocking graphics and CPU with no luck at all.At the time of this writing I would not recomend this game without some research on your current PC setup.CPU: AMD 8350Motherboard: ASUS Crosshair V Formula-ZGraphics: NVIDIA 660Ti/SLIMemory: Dominator Platinum 16GB@2400MhzSSD: Kingston 240GBOperating System: Windows 8.1Power Supply: EVGA SuperNova 1500W"
76561198084358693,Not Recommended,209650,13964027,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,kagehyo6,"Played this on my friend's PS4 first and liked it so much that I bought it for PC.  I doubt that I'll finish the game though or play it much at all except for back on my friend's PS4.  Btw I'm running a 3.5 GHZ 8-core, 16GB Vengeance Pro memory, and GTX 770 4GB GPU.  My CPU and Memory never cap out during game play at all; therefore, it's the game, not the system.Problems with PC port:It's a broken port.  When I say the game lags, I don't just mean online multiplayer, no, even offline single player lags.Visual lags and audio lags both.Many cutscenes and in-game sequences will cut the audio entirely.You end up watching cinematic scenes several times over because when you save and quit to restart the game after the lag has rendered the game unplayable, you can't skip the scenes.On console version, you can play local coop, not on PC.  PC is online only.  You have to go online to play multiplayer even though you can still practice with AI Bots.  Why bother removing that feature from PC?All in all, this is not the same game as it is on the consoles.  Don't waste your money buying it for PC, you'll regret it.  Seems like PC players are getting the shaft lately on a lot of cross-platform games.  I'm glad the Elder Scrolls and Resident Evil games are keeping an even playing field.  I'll also be on the lookout for anymore Sledgehammer/Activision titles in the future when it comes to PC.  They're likely to lose my business as they have already lost the business of so many of my PC Gaming friends."
76561198004746460,Not Recommended,209650,13774631,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cobra,"Extreme balance issues since the last patch (yes, they patched and broke the balance even more by buffing one of the most OP weapons in the game), no games to be found except boring TDM games where everyone is using the noob saber lazer omfg gun, no support (I literally can't submit a ticket to activision support since they only service NA people, they are actually telling me to call them wtf).The game was pretty decent when it came out, made me change my mind about CoD games, but craptivision is ruining this game every day that goes by. It has been two months since it came out and it is already dead, this lasted less than Frontlines: Fuel of War if anyone remembers that.DO NOT BUY THE GAME"
,Not Recommended,209650,13725030,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Serothel,"TL;DR: Advanced Warfare is fantastic and is the best multiplayer FPS of 2014 - at least, it would be if it was optimized.Unmarked spoilers for Advanced Warfare's campaign below.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is the BEST game in the franchise's history. THAT SAID, at time of writing I am unable to recommend it. The campaign is boilerplate, bland, very summer-action-blockbuster. It ambitiously promises something more than America vs. Terrorists/Russia/Current Antagonistic Eurasian Nation, but falls flat. The character writing is bland, as player character Mitchell and Will Irons are ""best friends"" whose little conversation is telling each other about their dads fir the first time. The faceless Marine that accompanies Mitchell, Will, and Cormack seems to know more about Will than his ""best friend"" does. The fantastic voice talent that is brought on board feels wasted, as Paul Telfer (Will Irons) is killed off in the first mission to establish DRAMA!!! and provide the inciting action for the main story, Troy Baker (Mitchell) seems to be just as bored of the plot as the player, narrating cutscenes with nowhere near the investment he had in Bioshock Infinite or sheer commitment as in Far Cry 4. The incredible talent of Kevin Spacey (Jonathan Irons) is wasted, as he plays a titan of a man plagued by his own demons who transforms into a G.I. Joe villain halfway through the campaign. Gideon Emery (Gideon) is the star of the show here, which would be great if he was the player character and not the invincible god of war we're told to follow for half the campaign. Writing is definitely the weak link in this campaign, as incredible art design and innovative movement are shoehorned into a ""use all this cool stuff where we tell you to, when we tell you to"" rail shooter that leans heavily on its scripted moments to impress, with Modern Warfare 2's Brazilian favelas replaced by Nigerian slums and the final level causing many players to say ""Wait, didn't we do this same thing at the end of Modern Warfare 3?""Now for the big one: the Multiplayer. (120 hours MP played, which won't be counted in my ""hours played"" on this review) Competitive MP is the best in the franchise, with the exoskeleton providing freedom of movement that harkens back favorably to Quake 3 or Unreal Tournament. CoD die-hards who shun faster-paced FPS titles like Halo, Titanfall, or the aforementioned arena-shooters decry that their modern military shooter is being ruined by dashes and double-jumps, but I disagree; Ghosts and Black Ops were more faithful modern military shooters, and even they had sliding, knife-wielding psychos, and the infamous Black Ops ""dolphin dive"". Combat is still lightning-quick, but the ability to make a quick dash to the side to evade fire, jump over your opponent to turn the tables, or even deploy a bulletproof shield from your exo changes the game significantly. Indeed, exo abilities provide new depth that is a breath of fresh air in otherwise stale shooty-shooty-whiz-bang, although they could stand to take a review pass (Exo Ping has a criminally short range, where Mute Device is next to useless; Trophy System is similarly pointless outside of objective gametypes). Supply drops, despite their drop rate that is maybe a little too slow (once every 45 minutes, where a TDM match can be over in 5), keep things interesting with unlockable variants for your weapons that let you find the variant that suits your playstyle, and cosmetic customization rivals Halo: Reach in level of quality. For anyone who wants to make a character that is very ""them"" in a FPS, Advanced Warfare is the one for you.With all the good things I have to say about the multiplayer, I feel like this comes across as a positive review. The truth is, it would be, but while the game is quite fun, it's in a rough place technically. Despite Sledgehammer head Michael Condrey's assurance that dedicated servers are in place for Advanced Warfare, lag is a serious issue, and hackers when they are encountered are blatant and seemingly able to ruin the game with impunity. I've been killed around corners to find that on the killcam, I wasn'tactuallyaround that corner, and Advanced Warfare has shown me more blatant snap-to-head aimbots than Counter-Strike, UT, and Titanfall combined. Additionally, the game's maps are fairly small. This is not necessarily a bad thing, as the normal game size is 6v6. However, itisa bad thing for those small maps to cause low FPS and framerate stalls on high-end hardware. I have frequent stutters on Recovery and Defender; with a i5-4690k 3.5 GHz processor, 8 GB RAM, and a NVIDIA GTX 970 @ 4 GB (meets or exceeds recommended specs), this is unacceptable.A ""fun"" bit of trivia is that Advanced Warfare is written in Klingon. That is, from TVtropes: ""...the documentation and variables in the game files are written in ... tlhIngan Hol, the language that was constructed for the Klingons in the Star Trek Universe."" I can't shake the feeling that if Sledgehammer Games had spent less time teaching their staff a fictional language and more time refining their product, they'd haveTHEFPS of 2014. As is, I'm waiting and hoping against hope that fixes are in the pipe that will let me edit this review into a ""Recommended""."
76561198015979162,Not Recommended,209650,13946012,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,F!ReW!Re,Not Great
76561198068867420,Not Recommended,209650,13961573,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,dagutski,"Bugs and Glitches! Exploits and Hackers! And also Can't find games most of the time due to Activision's  poor Support for PC Multilpayer side! No Dedicated severs, dumbs down."
76561198035198893,Not Recommended,209650,13903473,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Prototype,hate all the bunny hopping and cheaters
76561197970263341,Recommended,209650,13487126,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Crazyhorse,Excellent follow-up.  Plays and shoot much like the Tribes series.
,Recommended,209650,14084918,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Stryger,"I like when people say: Call Of Duty never changes, cause then I can say: NO ITS FU***** NOT! :Dyes,the jetpack might be the only major thing that changed but it actually change a lot!!! It makes you play in a whole diffrent tactic."
,Recommended,209650,14288817,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,twisted-,Like skyrim with stabby stabby ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) - 10/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,209650,13485254,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,King Kieron,"Singleplayer: 8/10 - Good storyline and mechanicsMultiplayer: 2/10 - Pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ spawns are broken, broken mechanics, impossible to play the objective due to gameplay speed, takes a couple of bullets in the leg to kill somebodyI 100% regret buying this and wish I could get a refund..."
,Not Recommended,209650,12835946,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,bladedripper,"LAGGY POS EVEN WORSE THAN GHOSTS , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS TOTAL RUBBISH,"
,Not Recommended,209650,19384931,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MSG,"I got the game ad it says the Havoc DLC is part of it, yet when I go onto the gae, it don't have it"
,Recommended,209650,16483524,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[GL] WalrusFace,Hey can i have a refund?
,Recommended,209650,20480060,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Callsign: Exorcist,Ready to fight? Get the Digital Pro Edition and you'll be unstoppable! Just like me.
76561197969558862,Not Recommended,209650,13676546,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Peakaboohaha,"Poor Connection issues, 1 out of 10 times you might be able to connect online.  When you do connect online you will freeze in mid game due to badly written netcodes.  When it freezes, it will crash Steam along with it.  Also, be prepared to get a better graphics card for dated game engine for outdated graphics.  When the game does work for multi-player, you will get constant lag spikes and micro-pauses mid-game.  This is the LAST game that I will get from Call of Duty Series. CRAPPY GAME.i7 Quad core16GB RAMNVidia GTX 970 4GB Video240 SSD Boot drive 500+ Read and write120 SSD dedicated for Steam12TB store on mechanical drives.30Mbps down/5Mbs upwith above I can barely play this Junk of a game."
76561197970556339,Recommended,209650,14629692,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Alien13,Much more fun than Ghost or either Black OPS. Actually plays glitch free on our systems here in the lab.Definitely recommend it.Only problem I see is a lack of dedicated servers.
76561198036178349,Not Recommended,209650,15164415,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Apparadox,"I really wish I could still play this game considering I blew away $60 usd to buy it.  But not a month or two after its release, the community is completely dead. Little to no support from the developers, and like everyone else keeps complaining about, no dedicated servers....so connection issues are a problem to say the very least.  I really did enjoy the campaign, as short as it was.  Beautiful graphics, fresh gameplay.  But multiplayer is really the reason why I bought this and I can't even play all of the game modes that it was shipped with, because no one is playing.....this game was really meant for the consoles.Also, I really dislike this trend of releasing half of a game's content for 60 dollars and squeezing the rest of your hard earned money out of you to get what should have been in the full release.  I shouldn't have to pay for zombies at all, not to mention it took a month longer for them to get the content to pc owners.  But that's greed for ya.  Games seem to be getting more and more half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and unplayable. It's a damn shame because I had high hopes for this considering I had finally acquired a gaming pc good enough to handle it.Not worth your money in my opinion unless you get it on a sale and expect to just play the single player.  Multiplayer on this title is dead. You want a good community? Go to BF4 or CS:GO.  I can't find anything else that comes close to those two titles on the pc."
76561198091938723,Recommended,209650,14080926,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,EPIC TOONFAN,awesome game 10/10 plus kevin spacey is awesome in it
,Not Recommended,209650,18801655,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,johan460,I bought this game and for some reason i cant play online it said game not found and i just payed 60 dollars for it thats hirable and to contact steam support is a ♥♥♥♥ing headed..
,Not Recommended,209650,22225975,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Chudo,Everything about this game is absolutely terrible. Don't waste your money for this joke of a game. I'm really let down.
,Not Recommended,209650,19664538,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hikialani,"The best thing about this game was the campaign, which wasn't even that good.Multiplayer is terrible, it isn't optimized at all, the movement system is no where as good as Call Of Duty Black Ops III.Exo zombies is an attempt at something big, but they had no idea what they were doing, and is no where as good as actual zombies.To say the least, don't spend your money on one of the 2 worest Call Of Dutys ever, and just get a treyarch game, you will thank me later."
76561197977257687,Recommended,209650,14120751,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,=(eGO)= Dbad,"CoD:AW is thebomb.com, I love it!"
76561198022158085,Recommended,209650,14019495,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[THM]Alpha Ghost,"This game is the best warfare by far,so many changes for the better greats maps, guns,The whole range,Love it Thanks guys."
,Recommended,209650,19372499,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Zbig,"I actually liked the campaign a lot.  COD campaigns are like interactive action movies. Watch the interview with Kevin Spacey talking about how he thinks its an innovative new medium for storytelling that can seriously compete with feature films.Lots of veteran COD players dont like the EXO movement and most of people in multiplayer have moved on to other games. Low server population, which means you can only really find TDM games is the main issue.I didn't have any performance problems though like some people are saying. This game is a lot easier to run 60 fps than battlefield."
34743534732356237,Recommended,209650,14102908,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DarktheMAn,good game !
76561198051966256,Not Recommended,209650,18337398,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,AlexCS,Dont buy Cod AW because servers are dead ZZ(no one plays )
,Recommended,209650,16334728,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,bohne,"Its a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mastapeece. bring on the ♥♥♥♥ing champaign.""HERE COMES THE  MONEEEEEY!"""
,Recommended,209650,14194734,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[WEA] Abdul,i swear all i want is zombies but the game is super good also
,Recommended,209650,25346619,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ROFL It's Otaku day,This game one of of my top 3 of the best cod campaignIf you want a interesting story and high technology weapon and equipment. Buy this game !but if you buy this game for multiplayer please rethink again . The server is already dead .8/10
,Recommended,209650,14631461,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,RED SCOUT,"good campaign, bad multiplayer 69/420"
,Not Recommended,209650,20376228,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ARTemiUS,"Well u need to pay for traditional CoD Zombies, great job devs.This game also dying 'cause of Call of Duty: Black Ops III""Getting back to Black Ops II"" it still have ~4.5k players online in MP and ~700-900 players in Zombies"
76561198121105438,Recommended,209650,13728583,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jesir,"If you enjoy Call of Duty Multiplay then you'll enjoy this game. It has the traditional call of duty flavor and pacing, but also includes the new exo movement. People may complain about the lack of attention to PC, but it is still a quality game that deserves a purchase. The campaign was also quite enjoyable. A very predictable COD campaign, but still enjoyable none the less. It is also great to receive visual multiplayer rewards for playing the campaign.Pros:Fun gameplayQuality controlsEnjoyable leveling/pacingVisually ExcitingCustomization is also a nice changeLag is not a huge issue. As long as you don't have terrible internet connection.Cons:Sometimes it is hard to find an online match for some gametypes. However, this is somewhat remedied by the additon of a 'Mosh Pit' playlist which includes  variety of gametypes.Gun's could use a bit of tuning to promote variety. Still enjoyable though.Hackers do show up every once and awhile, but still rare.Biggest Con is Skill Based Matchmaking. It just makes it so you can't consistently crush games like you could in prior games. This also leads to a smaller amount of people you can be grouped with."
,Recommended,209650,13866259,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,mr buck wanna fuck,Quite laggy to run but amazing in multiplayer
,Not Recommended,209650,13518473,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TI7AN,"we are forced to deal with the developers ideals on ""sniping."" Sniping is non-existant. There's no guillie suits and the way the rifles are forced to work. doesnt work at all."
,Not Recommended,209650,14665314,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Xtinction06,"Its mw2 with new shiny's and moves. The engine feels the same, laggy, unreliabe, hackers welcome, no support from activition at all. I only bought it because it was publicly stated that there would be dedicated server <-- a lie.It's trash. 2 maps don't load, you get stuck looking at the load screen for 5 min, then it tries to reconnect to the same sever, another 5 min wasted. If you want to play something other that TDM or Domination good luck, very few people still play. Have never been able to find anyone playing a different game type.  Game crashed hard, been very unstable the last week. Hackers are welcome in the game, they have not kick or ban option and don't do anything about the reported players. There are players that have hacked from the start and they are still very active, they are actually making clans with all hackers. The game has been out almost half a year and they have done jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ They lied to us saying the PC version will get dedicated servers. 700 000 players x 60$ = $4 200 000 (not including season pass (wich is broken)). Must be nice to be able to make that much money by false advertising.They game is no longer fun, the hackers have trippled since I started. Over 50% of the games I play now have hackers. I take the time to watch them play a full game, I'm not just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pissy player calling everyone a hacker. I used to be in charge of a server, I know what to look for not that they hide it.2 thumbs downThe DLC was supposed to come out today, they have been advertising this in game for a couple weeks. Another lie, now its at least a week till it comes out now. Bs around every corner. Activision is a trash♥♥♥♥♥company.Edit March 5:Now the dlc is out, broken as expected. They didn't fixed anything usefull. If you like to do challengs and unlock everything, it will never happen. They never adjusted the impossible to finish challanged after they fixed a glitch in November. I'm sitting at prestige 2 lvl 50. Can't prestige just in case they fix it. Pathetic.STILL NO DEDICATED SERVER, they are still making millions from there false advertising and getting away with it."
76561198015656842,Recommended,209650,14042866,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,THE CyBorg,"Overall, I like the game.  They ""seem"" to be doing a better job at controlling the hackers/cheaters.  I am tired, though, of what appears to be the long term discrimination against PC players.  It's all about the consoles now.  Actual dedicated servers (like the old days) that we PC players could control would be a major plus for us.  It would also be nice if the maps were bigger to slow down all the run & gun console type play."
76561198155505368,Not Recommended,209650,15266351,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,athenaic,"COD is still COD, leave the dead in peace....R.I.P"
,Not Recommended,209650,13986277,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,LeBopHopHip,great game 10/10 :^)
,Recommended,209650,15079908,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Savitar,"One of the best COD games made in my opinion, the new movement features make gameplay much more interesting and fun, zombies is also very fun to play with a friend although it's not as good as Treyarch zombies but it will do for now.  Supply drops and gun varients are a brilliant edition to the game as it can completely change the performance of a gun for the better or worse. Multiplayer can be annoying when many people are using the EM1 Laser weapon as the touch of the laser can kill you instantly and hackers are ruining the experience for everyone.Overall it is a fantastic game, Sledgehammer have done a great job with the game."
,Recommended,209650,13898529,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ChimneySwift11,Insanely fun!
76561198049815955,Recommended,209650,13873786,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,gensoncharlie,Love it! neede to pull something new outta the bag no more constant campers really love the feel of it worth every penny.
,Recommended,209650,19327557,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,adercarai,Good game but the lack of players made online experience horrible.
,Recommended,209650,13897317,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Chef Bling Bling,This game made me MLG and a transgender noncisgender furry
,Recommended,209650,16144532,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[Mz] Mulic,"Fantastic game, Your normal COD fanboys don't like it but the more adventurous of you I am sure will enjoy it."
76561198084157881,Not Recommended,209650,12998624,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,oulachsmah05,dont buy this game its garbage
,Not Recommended,209650,13379124,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,InKarna,I definitely dont recommend this game. There hasnt been any improvements to the gameplay other than the high tech stuff since modern warfare + i believe modern warfare was a better game... Isnt this the new version ? ^^. Not worth the money you put into it. The ui in multiplayer mode including all the badges and upgrades have been downgraded like hell. Just doesnt look good at all.
76561198114001987,Not Recommended,209650,13366775,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Chudaddie,"Lags and lags for online, and cant even finish storyline cause of an error. how can i get a refund really regret buying this game..."
,Recommended,209650,14836195,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DIV1D3,"More reviews than players.TL;DR:SBMM - Not a great idea, Ranked Play is ther for a reason. Just cuases added lag and kind of takes away the fun for better players.DLC - Separation of the regular and DLC maps is really stupid, should be some form of tickboxes to select which maps you want to search for. e.g. Regular maps + Havoc + 3rd pack, or rather just all the DLC map packs.Gun balancing - Fire rate is determined by FPS, some wepaons with high fire rate to begin with just get so much powerful and the TTK goes down dramatically.Supply Drops - Needs to be system with some sort of Elite/Prestige, current system can just give duplicates only every few prestiges or so.DEDICATED SERVERS - Give them to us, NOW. Or at least in Treyarchs upcoming game.So after 36+ hours in just Multiplayer, I think I have a good perspective of AW.First off, SBMM, objectively, it's amazing, matching good players with good payers, and not so good players also with not so good players. However, it just doesn't work well enough tbh. Because there is such a small amount of people in AW on PC, there's bound to be connection issues. I've been dealing with several bad connections as of late because I am getting quite good at the game, and versing players who are at or above my skill with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ping is horrible.Though, these are rare, and only sometimes noticable. And additionally, if you want to play against people of the same skill as you, go into Ranked Play, though, good luck finding a match.Sledgehammer's addition of DLC weapons is nice, gives the Season Pass some more value, but the separation of the DLC maps and the regular maps is just stupid.As I said before, there is already a limited amount of people who play AW on PC, and by factoring in SBMM and the fact that only a selective amount have the DLC pack, it's literally impossible to get a match.On the same line, almost of the game modes have no people in them as well. The only time when I play a different game type other than TDM is if I get into a lobby in Mosh Pit, and that doesn't even include all of the game types.I do think there are some balancing issues as well, the EM1 is a prime example of OP. Because the game runs on the same ol' engine used in Quake, the fire rate of weapons is determined by framerate. So obviously if someone is getting 91fps (cap) than they will absolutely destroy because the EM1 has a super high fire rate with low damage, so not like and actual laser.This is a personal one of mine, but seriously, Supply Drops. I bloody hate them. I have a Silver Bullet and Chicanery (not sure on the spelling), and there are the only decent Elites I have, after 3 Prestiges and 36 hours...I think there needs to be some garuntee of an Elite at least every Prestige that you don't have already.Also, the Nigerian crap needs to be taken out, they look♥♥♥♥♥♥and they just take up space and reduce the chance of getting something good.Dedicated servers is also a hot topic, and I think they really, really need to be implemented in Treyarchs upcoming installment into the franchise.You may be thinking why the hell I've played the game for so much and why I've recommended it. It's simply because it's fun sliding around, boosting above others and time-to-time reking some noobs.It hasn't drifted away from the traditional CoD formula, which I still think it fine, but the additions are what makes this game so much more fun than Ghosts for example.So all in all, I'm not bashing on Advacned Warfare or SL (except for them ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Supply Drops), but rather I'm just making suggestions as to what should be improved upon and fixed.So that took ages, good job if you read that all.Cheers!"
76561198080694221,Not Recommended,209650,15337292,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Registered Sex Offendor,"meh its cod with robots, you have to pay for zombies bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about that but eh what did i expect"
76561198095973566,Not Recommended,209650,13585655,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ExoZomkiller357,"Its such a S***t game do not get it, can not stress it enough."
,Recommended,209650,16444127,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Swegatron 909,"So ... The game is amazing after a couple of games Activision tried something new , to use the Exo ! and it is much fun to use it ! i really enjoy using Exo and jumping or sprinting it makes the game really fast paced !! BUT , this game shouldnt cost that much . 30 € is enoughLets Start+Exo ( New Feature )+All new weapons ( LASERSSS !! )+Great medium-sized maps+Zombie mode (with friends is awesome ! )+AMAZING graphics !!And...-Really bad lags sometimes-Knife system is a bit broken-Not much people playingSumming up the game its awesome go try it yourself !"
76561198026163238,Recommended,209650,15150358,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,JM,"This is based solely on single player, I don't think I've even launched the multiplayer. Completed game once on Hardened, once on regular and have put in many more hours than stats reflect as I mostly play offline.TL;DR version: Best COD game I have played, might be my favorite shooter all-time.Pros:Concept and storyVoice acting and mocapGraphicsCombat and level designEquipment and weapons designAIOverall intensityDifficulty settings offer good balance of required fast-twitch and situational awareness at each settingCons:Gunfire sounds could be a little punchier (yes, I am reaching to try to find negatives)No custom loadouts, pickups still only way of changing from starting weaponsSmart grenades can sometimes feel like ""get out of jail free"" cardsExo enhancements feel slightly forced and unnecessary (imo)If you like fast-twitch shooters and are happy to trade in open-world play for intense linear gameplay, you really should play this game. Can't recommend it highly enough."
,Not Recommended,209650,13000927,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,vfn4i83,"NÃO COMPREM ESTE JOGO, É UMA ARMAÇÃO.ELE NÃO FUNCIONA.DONT BUY THIS GAME, ITS A SCAM.IT WONT WORK AT ALL.============OLD==============OLD==================================Despites having a great SP and good MP, this game is not worth the headach of the constant lags from it technicals faults.SledgeHammer should have released the dedicated server to the communities so the online part of the game, had any real chance to breath free. By now must be almost empty or hard to play, since the players exodus is absurdly high for a game that is one week old.Apesar de um bom jogo single player e bom multiplayer, não merecemos a dor de cabeça que sofremos ao tentar jogar em qualquer modo multiplayer, problema ocasionado por problemas técnicos de engenharia básicos, já resolvidos a mais de uma década.A SledgeHammer deveria ter soltado servidores dedicados para dar chance a comunidade online de ter o prazer de um bom jogo em mãos, porém somos agraciados com uma ótima oportunidade perdida.  A população do jogo se encontra em declínio acentuado, já tendo perdido mais de 2/3 de seus jogadores.Não jogo seu dinheiro neste game, . . ."
76561197992259766,Not Recommended,209650,13010855,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hysteria,"Single player is good. But the multiplayer has some serious issues. Lag doesn't occur too much for me, but even joining a game seems like a chore. ""Unable to connect to host"" and a few other errors pop up frequently and make the multiplayer unplayable."
,Not Recommended,209650,13001663,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Sudi the Cat Whisperer,"I've played early alpha games that were more complete than this piece of trash. Please do not give Sledgehammer or Activision any of your money, they really don't deserve it. When asked about possibility of dedicated servers, they completely dodged the question. Yet before the game's release, they indeed promised dedicated servers. In addition, a lot of the cool modes are gone. Want to play Gun Game or Demolition? Sorry about that...Some of the gametypes end way too quickly. TDM feels like its score limit should be much higher. Momentum games can even last less than 1 minute. Uplink was actually the perfect length, but good luck finding a match at all in that mode.Yes, the new movement system is really cool. It reminds me of those arena shooters like Quake and Unreal, although if you try to do anything crazy you're just gonna be told that you're ""Out of Bounds"" all the time. All things considered, while the exo stuff is pretty neat, it's not even close to a saving grace for this game. It's honestly sad that instead of innovating the map design, they just put a bunch of aggravating boundaries everywhere.The optimization? God awful. Thankfully, they do have a ""Shader Preload"" option that lets you preload maps before joining them, so that you will experience less FPS drops on the battlefield. And guess what? It only works on a few maps. If you try to preload Recovery, Instinct, Defender, and a few others, you'll end up waiting entire minutes just to be told that you weren't able to successfully connect. Titanfall was optimized better than this garbage.Save your money, guys."
76561197970517335,Not Recommended,209650,13007552,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Locutus,"This is maybe the worst of the COD series, very poorly optimised, with lag that is playable on some maps, but not on others. Cant get into a server 35-40% of the time, and when you do, the lag is just brutal, to the point of being unplayable. When a game starts, I choose a loadout, then it shows me a teammates loadout, and I can't begin the game until I go back and pick the original loadout again, and then wait until the game loads me into the team. Never started with the rest of the group. Poorly done."
,Not Recommended,209650,30001827,Posted: 17 February,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Note off the bat, this review pertains only to the single player mode and the technical side of CoD: AW.That said, I have to put my foot down and slam my head against my desk until their is a fine indent of cranium to truly express my frustration in how badly optimized this game is for PC. I refuse to play it again for the simple fact that is crashed well over a couple dozen times during the single player campaign, performance was ridiculous where for what strethes of game play I could get through without a sudden crash to desktop, the game would shutter between running smooth as a babies bum, freshly wiped and powdered; to staggering my frames as if I'd decided to take 1990's astrovan and decide to drive across Omaha Beach during the Invasion of Normandy. I merely finished the single player just because I wanted to be over and done with it and delete this game from my computer and have a young and old religious wiseman from every major religion bless the contents of my rig before I throw it out the window because it's combusted into flames and is signaling Cthulu or some space devil to come and stamp out my existence from history.That's how I feel about this games performance.As for the story, nothing of interest to see here. Not that I remember it fondly between technical issues and having memory lapses as I felt I'd already played this game before five or six times. Kevin Spacey being some kind of selling point, quick time events which cause heart palpitations and story cliches which must have been scraped from the bottom of the bucket. You have some neat set pieces here and there, but nothing particularly memorable. Even the use of bionics and such comes across as stale. The ability to choose different abilities at the start of each mission is nothing but a red harring as you'll pretty much have to go with what the game gives you. Cool gadgets you see only once and other mechanics in the game which are either severely underused or pushed into your face with the force of a super nova occuring not less than two light years away from the planet.Overall, I just didn't have fun with this game. Almost every other game in my Steam and Origin libraries runs just fine, only a few having some special issues which can be solved or the game is simply so old it has trouble running on modern computers. Now I have tried a few different things between overclocking my cpu or gpu or not in hopes of stability. I've lowered graphics down to barely acceptable levels, verified game files, so on an so forth. Advanced Warfare has no excuse to have been ported so badly, so please, I beg you from the bottom of my heart, don't buy this game. Go play any other Call of Duty if you want to have a fun time shooting baddies without having to use to much brain power. Why? It's fun. Advanced Warfare on the other hand even destroyed that inane guilty pleasure."
76561198059286001,Recommended,209650,12822787,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ShitEggs,"Has to be one of the best CoDs ever made. The campaign was vaery good(and takes around 6 hours to complete). The exo-suits in multiplayer are awesome, and nothing like Titanfall. I give this game 11/10 :D"
76561198031101214,Not Recommended,209650,13958746,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,BOBBYBENCHPRESS,"Some people say this game is the best looking game ever and it is but the only problem is that it only looks good in the cutscenes who cares if it loooks good in the cut scenes i want it to look like that in the gameplay. After you get past the cut scene its just a generic first person shooter its boring bland its like they just rushed though the main story to get you to hurry up and go to muliplayer. muliplayer is ok but it takes 100 shots to actaully kill someone i dont think they quite understand how bullets work yet. And apperantly all you need is a few actors to play the characters in a few cut scenes and you got game of the century. This game just goes to show how hype sells a game nothing else its not about quality anymore. I just have to edit one more part in if you have a choice between buying this for pc or ps4 and xbox one just buy it for one of the new consoles, it doesnt look any different i played on all normal settings and it looked horrrible high wasn't all that great but ultra looks pretty good but you have to have a really good pc to run that because you may have more than the recommended settings but for some reason  you need way higher than it says. And now a year later its pay to win since the only guns that are worth using if you play this game are the bal and asm1 you have to buy advanced supply drops to actaully get a good version of those guns while slegdehammer is getting paid propaganda from people like ali a giving sledgehammer $200 for advanced supply drops hes getting paid thousands to open these while hes paying sledgehammer thousands to open these if you want to know how to be a succesfull youtuber don't be yourself talk about nothing interesting and make genreic easy content remember the more unique the content the less likely it will have mass appeal look at this game for an example sub par graphics, no story at all, horrible multiplayer, horrible people in the multiplayer, and not to mention that zombies dlc that just came out you pay $14.99 for something that should be in the game to begin with and only 1 rushed riped off underdevloped boring map to come with it whatever you do don't buy call of duty advanced capitalism.. I mean warfare. Cant wait for the black ops 3 marketing demo I mean beta"
76561198029353738,Not Recommended,209650,13576279,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LordE,Multi player is always empty or full of hackers.
76561198105279788,Not Recommended,209650,13363686,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hoodini,"This game got amazing graphics and there's so many maps and modes! But quantity isn't quality... Most of the modes are mostly emtpy and most people only play team deathmatch. Mulitplayer is very messy, remember modern warface (1), when ever you respawn you will respawn next to your teammates not respawning in the back of your enemy."
,Not Recommended,209650,26288743,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RUN UP ON ME @ LOSE YOUR LIFE,кусок ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а
,Not Recommended,209650,12831300,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GenericBox,"This is a non-recommendation, recommendation.I really enjoyed this game, especially the single-player. However, I am a player who can look past cliche story and a poor script because in the end, I found it enjoyable.The single-player campaign was fun - it wasn't the most compelling, realistic (even if we are talking about the future, I mean come on - why would you position your entire fleet *underneath* the Golden Gate bridge -_-) -- or well written story. But it has plenty of production value and good enough acting to keep me interested.But for those reasons are the exact reasons I wouldn't recommend it. I ""enjoyed"" this game because having already spent the money, I was willing to look past all it's shortcomings in an effort to avoid cognitive dissonance. If I had known beforehand, I wouldn't have wasted money on this game.Now some people might say what do you expect from a Call of Duty game? Well - I haven't played Call of Duty since Black Ops, so I was expecting that the franchise would have ""grown up"" in the last 5 years. This is another part of why I would not recommend this game. How many iterations does this game go through without progressing in terms of gameplay or functionality?As I said, I haven't played the other games since Black Ops -- but I feel like after playing this game, I've played every version prior. This game is so rigid in the Call of Duty formula - in any other franchise it would have been a mere expansion pack.In the end though I think that's the thing - I expected too much in my return to Call of Duty (can I be forgiven considering how much they reportedly invest in this game?) - and if you are after the same old Call of Duty experience as you have had for the last 5 years - then this is what you will expect, plus jetpacks.It has good production value, but isn't much of a ""game"" in it's own right. It's the 5th expansion pack to Call of Duty: Modern Warfare. If you don't mind that, you'll like it."
76561198055503953,Not Recommended,209650,12835959,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Unspeakable,Multiplayer Loading Screen 2015.Aka.. There are NO servers.
,Recommended,209650,19750514,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,vαlvє,"Ive played Advanced Warfare for almost 600 hours... And to be honest I loved almost every minute of it, yeah the was a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (speakeasy, random loot...) but most of it was enjoying destroying noobs in every game"
,Recommended,209650,17432140,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,blaZe,Amazing until everyone left
76561198068352487,Recommended,209650,13681956,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,InlightSoul,"Advanced Warfare has one of (IMO) the best campaigns. I love the story behind it and how a good guy turns bad with good intentions. The cutseens in this game are amazing! The only complaint i have is that this is also one of the easiest campaigns to beat on veteran, there is no challenge sadly ;("
76561197970680552,Recommended,209650,14017933,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,BODYSNATCHA,game is hot. reminds me ( plays alot like ) of QUAKE 3 arena.
76561198062691336,Recommended,209650,13585873,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The_Migmonster,"This cod is by far better than there last installment. People might think that its the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over but this one caught me by surprise, the graphics alone will take your breathe away. the campaign`s story at fisrt is confusing but as u continue playing you will soon find out that it is a very well made story. with all the new features you will have a lot of fun playing the campaign  with exo suits, wall climbing, grappling hooks, motor cycle driving, plane piloting, shields, camo and a lot more! the multiplayer although can use a bit more work but it is very fast paced and very fun. in multyplayer they brought back emblems and you can custimize your character a lot better than in ghosts. overall this game is very well made and i would definitly recommend this !"
76561198057163397,Recommended,209650,13583869,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jammie,Very Entertaining. Very Good start for Sledgehammer
76561198113959786,Not Recommended,209650,13561579,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,pizzawizard347,I am very disappointed  with this game .I was so excited to recieve it from my parents for early Christmas present. it has been nothing but a bad experince . Every time I play this game on-line it blacks out. It has been such a disappointment that I would like someone to contact us. I would not recomend this game at all.
76561198087942320,Not Recommended,209650,13561564,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Vector50cal,"Let me just start out by saying that the campain in this game is really good and was more entertaining than all the Call of Duty campains since Modern Warfare 2. This does not justify this game though. The multiplayer is awfull. The weapons aren't balenced, people are jumping around like crazy, and noob toobing is coming back. I wanted to give Call of Duty another chance but it failed. Buy a better FPS like Insurgency instead which costs $15 and can go on sale for about $6. If you like a good campaign and Advanced Warfare goes on sale $30 or less I can recommend this game for the campain only. Other than that if your tired of the same horrable multiplayer find another game."
76561198022170172,Not Recommended,209650,14552953,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ColdTie,This game had so much potential. With the massive amounts of lag and NO updates this game went from an 8 to a 5. Don't buy this game. They're overpowering weapons and I feel like lagging out veterans.
,Recommended,209650,14928958,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Dr. Steve Brule,its pretty good
,Recommended,209650,13705913,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,I'm cheating,I have hated all call of duty games before this. But now because of the new exosuit the game actually requires skill and it plays much faster. It is a nice change that is neither too big or too small for the dying franchise. I wasn't expecting to recomend this game. 8/10
76561198116363472,Recommended,209650,13759103,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tayfoon,"Ok here it is. This is my first review of a game on steam and I'm doing it because I feel this game was unfairly judged upon release. When the game first came out all I could see was hate and was hesitant to buy it, so I waited for the sale. I don't understand where the hate is coming from. The game is the same COD its always been, but on steriods. The campain is great, the ""press X to continue"" fiasco was absolutley blown out of proportion, It was mainly used during cutscenes and didn't take anything from the experience. In fact, I actually thought it helped drive the story.The multiplayer is flat out awesome. Hands down the best multiplayer fps out there. Titanfall? No. Desitny? Pah lease.The exo movements are amazing and work very well during the game adding a whole new experience. Its fast, its fun, its competitive. And by the way I am saying this whilest playing with the worst lag available (internet is♥♥♥♥♥♥where i live). Even with the lag I keep coming back for more.CONS-Ok so the game crashes every once in a while. It really isn't that big of a deal. It literally takes less than a minute to get back into a game.-Low player base. There arn't many players out there and its a real shame. The only multiplayer mode I can play is Team Deathmatch (Fine by me I only play TD anyways).  Its a shame because there are 15+ different game modes and i cant even try because there just isnt anyone playing.There are weekly challeneges that give rewards that nobody can cash is because the game mode required varies...(shame)ProsGame is awesome, If your a fan of COD and havn't played in a while and are hesitant because of the bull***t hate out there, DO IT.The game is fun, great, and i wish more people would play. It really does need the player base so we can experience the full potential of the game.Please buy the game and play with me."
76561198212121548,Recommended,209650,18513980,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,EXCENTRICH,Great :D
76561197991130044,Recommended,209650,18089378,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,10-78 LucyFur,How about a DEAL on the DLC ????????
76561198079532890,Not Recommended,209650,14731015,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Haddy Dollaz,"The reason I do not recommend this game is because it feels like another call of duty. I quit call of duty a while after the release of World at War and I just played battlefield only. The reason why I got this game was because I was finally getting bored with BF4, and I enjoyed titanfall, and I read this game was just like titanfall minus the titans. So I decided to try this series again after long quiting it. The game still feels the same, no cover to be taken really with everyone double jumping over all of it. The maps are really small and it feels like I'm running in circles the entire time once again. No one played as a team on any of the objective modes that I played, they just do their own thing. It's fun if you're looking for fast small games to play with no one going to get mad if you can't fly a scout helicopter correctly, or suck at maneuvering a tank. This review is biased because I play BF as my main FPS, with the occasion titanfall, but I still prefer BF over call of duty any day. After playing so much of BF and enjoying the game mechanics and way of play, call of duty isn't my game anymore. Anyone who plays, and really enjoys the BF games, in my opinion would not like this game."
,Not Recommended,209650,13588682,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,you_me,"Can not play.  Keeps crashing.  I can't figure out any settings profile which makes the game stable.  I have Intel i5, 16 gb ram, SSD, and GeForce GTX 660 Ti.  So it's not hardware.  I put the game down for a month hoping software and driver updates would fix the problem but it's been a month and it's still crashing every 5 to 10 minutes.Update as of 6/17/2015 the game still crashes constantly."
,Recommended,209650,35232731,Posted: 26 September,all,"kill urself, OH YEAH!","Best compagin ever besides bo2. loved it, i enjoyed it.Pros:Good Exo MovementsGood GraphicsInteresting StoryGreat CharactersCons:No ones playing multi...Lasers.Some maps have terrible design.DLCS.All jokes aside, i give this game a 9.5/10"
76561198152005682,Recommended,209650,17342310,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Phantom,it is a really good game but u must have all the dlc to get into a match
,Not Recommended,209650,13338507,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Roy0441,Maxed prestiged and left. They yet again ruined PC COD once again. GG.
76561197963673503,Not Recommended,209650,13091378,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,TaintedBeeeeef,Honestly its the same generic CoD but with JETPACKS and LASOORS
76561197960271541,Not Recommended,209650,13173831,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,heat,game is made for consoles with PC secondary to that. hence the game play. also my fav gun the MK14 is way under powered and all of these other bullsh?t guns are all you can use. overall the game is a lot like titan quest. but titan quest was way more fun.
,Not Recommended,209650,13160248,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The One,"I'd recommend this game if you are just playing single player because the campaign (as most Call of Duty campaigns) is amazing. But i wouldn't recommend it if your are playing for online. There is so much lag because they have not got dedicated servers. They say they do but seriously, how stupid do they think we are? They already released an update for optimizing connectivity but that hasnt worked. Id rather wait out until they release an update that works. Also, it is almost impossible to find a match at times. 90% of the time ""No games found"". P.S it isnt my internet because i can play every other online game i have perfectly without any lag."
76561197967093919,Not Recommended,209650,13370939,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Frisky,We Want you guys to host the server. It´s what battlefield did and that is whatyou guys should do to.  We don´t like the endless lag
,Not Recommended,209650,13402704,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Dr. Feelgood,"Campaign: 8/10, it was awesome fun and I got very engrossed in it.--------------------------------------------------Multiplayer:This is my first COD experience, and it consists of a.) Trying to connect to online services, b.) Trying to connect to a party, c.) Trying to find either a TDM, Dom, HC TDM or HC Dom game, or d.) Leaving the match due to ridiculous lag.This has gone on since launch.You can sign up to Activision Support to find that there is no way of actually contacting Support, or you can contact Steam Support whose best advice is to keep an eye out for a patch....buuut it doesn't matter now, because I was perma-banned without warning from MP due to having a Confederate Flag emblem with 'YEE HAW' written on it. Yep.A multi-billion dollar franchise in 2014 which costs an Australian $140 should not be like this."
76561198073671303,Not Recommended,209650,12870540,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,cmorath,"Call of Duty fans are basically Cubs fans. ""They'll do it next year!"" I want to like this game. It's....fun when it works, that is. I don't have any where near a top of the line computer and I can play the SP in ""console"" resolution well enough that SP isn't terrible. I didn't have the mindset that it would be any bit realistic so I may have enjoyed it more than others for that fact. If I wanted a realistic war experience, I'd join the military.Pros:Decent cinimaticsI actually enjoy the exo suits, once I got used to them.Lots of graphics options to dial in what worked for my systemI kinda like the MP maps.The 1/5 MP games that actually runs well, has been a good time.Cons:Although I knew what I was walking in to since, ya know, it's Call of Duty, it's still boringly linear.The player involved cut scenes (QTEs) don't exactly hold you in the edge of your seat.The 4/5 MP games that DON'T work, make you want to punch a puppy, repeatedly.Extremely frustrating how difficult it is to get in to games. I turned on shader pre-load and couldn't join anything. Then, I turned it off, could get in to games, but the first two minute were about a fram/second until it smoothed out.I don't understand why the **** we can't get a smoother MP experience.I miss MW2 type co-op. Used to kill a bunch of time with friends on that.I get about 10 mins per hour of actual MP game time it seems.5/10 Has it's fun moments that put it ahead of other COD games, too frustrating in other aspects.pass until MP is straightened out."
76561197967688168,Not Recommended,209650,12871305,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,-HoK- Cian,Single player campaign is decent but far too short. Completed in just a couple of hours. Multiplayer support is garbage. Game should has been prices at $39.99 not $59.99. It's simply not worth what the developers are charging for it. I've seen better early access games on steam in recent months.
,Not Recommended,209650,18129253,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sergeant Viz,No one plays online...
,Recommended,209650,21902563,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ChrisTopDude,"What I like in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare:1. Boost jump.2. Variants, making the gun not boring...3. Trully futuristic weapon (unlike Black Ops 3, Advanced Warfare accually looks futuristic, with lasers and stuff...)4. Adding an old weapon to a futuristic game (examples: AK-47, Sten, 1911, ...)5. Threat grenade (I can't believe it accually exist in game...)6. Invisible camo!! Finally I can use them.What I don't like in Call of Duty: Advanced Wafare:1. Dodge move accually have delays.2. Variants changes stats, I would love it if it only cosmetic changes..3. Bad first person animation...4. Lasers are not that popular.. People still uses normal guns...5. Exo ability can't recharge...6. Exo cloak stil easily visible... Please remove the unrealistic pink effects.7. SAC3 + Laser Sight + Gung-Ho = True run'n'gun class. :(To be honest, Advanced Warfare is the best Call of Duty for me. It just that my laptop sucks and if I buy a new stronger laptop I will play it non-stop."
,Not Recommended,209650,13302819,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Typhus,"i will admit, sledgehammer have fixed some of the lag, so the game is nolonger unplayable but hopefuly they can improve on this as time goes on."
76561198055506471,Recommended,209650,14217428,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Wheezy,"Best CoD on the market. If you like fast paced action, the exo suit is definitely for you. No more camping! You can get into buildings so fast with the boost, or dodge to where you can pick campers apart. Best CoD I have ever played. Would highly recommend to people who like the (arena) style FPS. If you want to play slow paced garbage. Get Battlefield."
76561198100939367,Not Recommended,209650,13016692,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Savory Jay,"I cannot recommend this game for PC format.  The graphics and gameplay are stellar, which we have all come to expect from this franchise.Why oh why are there no players online?  Is it the lack of dedicated servers?  Is it the inability for any publisher to ship a working title on release date?  I wish I knew the answer.I'm leary about moving into the realm of direct download if I am unable to get my money back.  That safeguard alone is enough for any less than benevolent publisher to put out half cocked trash and call it a game.Forgive the bitterness, but when games like DotA 2 are out and FREE 2 DWNLD & FREE 2 PLAY, it becomes harder and harder for me to rationalize spending money on a game. Especially when upon initial release the game is broken, no one is playing online (still to this day even - PC) and a myriad of other reasons worth discussing, but not in a game review.Suffice it to say that I feel this is the coming trend for profit hungry instutions bent on the bottomline and not bending to gamers' desires.I'm ready to sell the consoles and stick with games like DotA 2 on my PC.  I mean, come on...  An F2P game that has an International competion with a prize pool of 16 million and CoD competitions can barely put together one million for their prize pool?!? They boast on the millions of units they sell but fall short when rewarding the gamers that foot the bill for their lifestyles.  It can almost be viewed as an insult. ""Let them eat cake.""As for the future of CoD, who knows. I can say that I was looking forward to Sledgehammer's offering, and I want to believe that they want to appease the gaming masses, but actions speak loader than words and I don't believe that this franchise will receive any votes with my dollars in the future.I'd rather buy a 60 dollar ticket to watch Fear and Dendi battle it out in DotA 2 knowing that a percentage of my purchase goes toward the prize pool.  We gotta support eachother out here.  Keep your heads up for digital trash cuz it all looks amazing these days."
,Recommended,209650,14232585,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DrDoubleZero,"HOLY CRAP, this is megatons better than ghosts. i love the exo movement and the loot drops keep it interesting, 2/3 my main guns are from loot drops. i also like the redeemable clothing crap for EXP. the only negative bits are the lag and lack of dedicated servers.....hackers...hackers everywhere.."
,Recommended,209650,14588427,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,twitch.tv/enzBAD,"Depsite all of the crap and bad things people say, if you're looking to waste some time and have a bit of fun; this game will do the trick just don't come into it with high expectations and you'll be fine!"
76561197997255325,Not Recommended,209650,13485780,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Obamov,"No dogs wearing exo suits. Therefore, no improvement upon Call of Duty: Ghosts."
,Not Recommended,209650,13397348,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Trench,season pass almost costs as much as the base game 10/10
,Not Recommended,209650,14755378,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,MajorCow,"Poor optimization, not much players in multiplayer, it also seems Sledgehammer Games does not care about PC much, PC always get their patch couple days after the console, maybe it worth 60USD on console but definitely not on PC."
,Recommended,209650,18720106,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,onewingednecro,"Dont listen to all the cry babies,this Is advance warfare,if you want to play a ground only game  go play black ops 1 or any of the older cods and stop wasting peoples time.Game is great ,Especially zombies ,different and even more fun than the older zombies ,well Moon was my only other faved map but anywho,give it a try and dont let other members change your mind til you try it yourself"
76561198125521002,Not Recommended,209650,25066308,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,shittiest smurf,No no one plays multi-player have not seen any games.
,Not Recommended,209650,32842666,Posted: 26 June,all,{S4D-Jelly-Fish} Chris™,"i have a little song i made for people who want this game or think its a good gameHave you ever felt sad or lonely?Have you even felt two feet tall?Have you ever thought, ""Man if only I was anybody else at all""They like to kick you when times get roughAnd you give your all but it's not enoughAnd sticks and stones might break your bonesBut words can break your heartAnd if you don't know where to goI'll show you where to startKill yourselfIt will only take a minuteYou'll be happy that you did itJust go over to your oven and shove your head in itKill yourselfReally, you should do itThere's really nothing to itJust grab a mug and chug a cup of lighter fluidI sound un-empatheticI sound mean and rudeSuicide is an epidemic, and I don't want to be misconstruedSigns of depression go overlookedSo if you're depressed, then you need to bookA therapy session, talk about your depressionLet a professional hear itBut if you search for moral wisdom inKaty Perry's lyrics, thenKill yourselfIt won't be painfulIf you are ableTo give a little kiss to an oncoming train, you'llKill yourselfIt's over mulledThere's a trigger, pull itGet it through your head, it being a bulletStick your tongue in a plugSuck a pipe of exhaustMake some toast in the tubNail yourself to a crossHold your breath till it's goneDrink a gallon of maceBe gay in IranLet Oprah sit on your faceJump off of a bridgeSkinny dip in a floodSky dive attached to a fridgeDrink a Haitian guy's bloodBreak into the zooGive a tiger a shoveEat a Philips head screwMarry Courtney Love"
76561198062634498,Recommended,209650,13592268,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,♫DaddyPool♫,I think its the BEST Call Of Duty in series !I recommend it !!!
,Not Recommended,209650,14731877,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,FragKing,"It's Cod with double jumping. Same camping, quickscoping, hacking 15 year olds spouting how they ♥♥♥♥ed my mother. Only saving point is zombies. Buy it for Zombies, discard the rest."
,Not Recommended,209650,13437705,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,H U N C H O,Terrible game...Period. Honestly this game should've just been a DLC for Ghosts. I get stuttery gameplay and that's abnormal for someone that gets 80 frames per second on bf4 (ultra). The hit detection is garbage. The matchmaking is slow. It loves to pick terrible hosts. It crashes consistently. I beg you don't buy this game if you haven't already. You'll play it for a bit and realise how cruddy it is.
,Not Recommended,209650,29625154,Posted: 1 February,all,ZombieStalker08,"Ah. Call of Duty. What can I say? It's a classic and historial game known by all whos ever played a FPS. I personally played it on console. To me more narrow with my words, on the Xbox 360. I've found that I enjoyed these games more on console, it's just a personal issue. I've found my hands are branded in postion of controller postions when ever I see the start up screen of the games. I've found it hard to use a mouse and keyboard. But none the less I enjoy these games all up till Advanced Warfare. Back when you actually ran and sprinted on the ground. Not fly around the fair and hold robotic parts. In all I enjoyed these games, I even enjoyed Ghost just a little bit. But my love for the series drained after I saw Advanced Warfare. In all these games will live on in my heart forever. So sad to see such a good series die off to lasers and robots."
,Not Recommended,209650,17524599,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,mem,i wes plyin deh gaym en i reliz dat pc gamers cen aim en so da mp iz unbalence D;
,Not Recommended,209650,13133988,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,fourdices,"The single player offers great gameplay and graphics @ 4k. However with the multiplayer, game freezes every 10 minutes. I have tried several fix but to no avail, several others are reporting the same issue.Overall, 100$ and can't play multiplayer. what a waste..."
76561198066682524,Not Recommended,209650,13909951,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,sparten660,This game kinda sucks but its fun to play for..... a week? Buy Modern Warfare 2 instead.
,Recommended,209650,13966882,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,michael.,"This review will not focus on the singleplayer portion of the game. I will offer a fair comment on the multiplayer portion, and give reasons as to why you should and should not buy CODAW.I haven't played much for this game (approx 50-70 hours, the box above only shows you my Singleplayer hours), but based on my past COD experiences I think my gameplay hours are enough to give an unbiased comment on the game.First off, the Exo elements are quite refereshing, but not in the sense that they are innovative elements (a lot of games have some of these Exo elements in the past). Having new movement abilities and player attributes in CODAW shifted the gameplay style quite substantially - after the first few games CODAW gives me a slight Quake sense to it. When I say this, I do not imply that CODAW has turned super hardcore and skill-demanding, no I don't mean that at all. I just want to  point out that the combat feels like an arena-styled combat, with a touch of COD apparently.Second, the weapons. Now, we all know that in almost every COD game, a few weapons dominate the whole arsenal. This is no different in CODAW. The Bal-27 and ASM1 are the ""go-to"" weapons in this game, they basically have the positions of the UMP and AK in MW2. This isn't a gameplay problem, because you can always use other weapons for fun and variety, right? But then, the laser gun, EM1, is ridiculously overpowered in the PC version. Basically it's the Lightning Gun in Quake - if you've played Quake before, or you're an old time Quake player, you'll wreck everyone in this game with the EM1. I wish the EM1 never existed in the game, because of its annoyance.With the new weapon loots and supply drops, gameplay is quite addictive - you get a supply drop every 45 minutes on average, with the chance of having rare weapon variants or cosmetics. Variants adjust the weapon stats, usually with some improved stats and some worsened stats. Some variants are very good looking, and some variants can even change your playstyle based on the changed stats. It's a really nice implementation in the COD franchiese in my opinion, and even more so when CODAW doesn't have too many weapons to begin with.Third, the maps. Maps in CODAW aren't the best among all the maps in other CODs, but they are quite fun if you play them in the adequate game mode. I won't comment much on the map design here, because in my opinion COD isn't a competitive shooter at all (I'm a CSGO player), hence I think map design isn't something my critique has to focus on. One comment before I move on: some of the capture points are very difficult to capture or hold, but that's where the fun is at.Then I move on to the player pool. It seems quite obvious that the PC player pool is way lower than previous COD titles (I play from the Asia region and the player pool reduction is very noticeable). It isn't uncommon to bump into the same group of players in the lobbies. Game modes other than TDM, Mosh Pit and Dom are practically empty on PC. This is a huge issue, but personally I'm fine with the game as long as I can manage to find a lobby when I play.This is not a 100% thorough walkthrough, I only typed it on the fly. These are some of the primary aspects of the multiplayer portion which I think any buyer would want to know more about before purchasing CODAW. As to whether you should buy this game or not:1) You should, because- this is a refreshing COD, with new elements, playstyle and so on- the PC port isn't too bad with a 90FPS cap, at least I don't see gamebreaking port issues- the game is honestly fun and even more fastly paced than previous CODs2) You shouldn't, because- the playerbase on PC is small- SH Games doesn't seem to care much about the PC version of the game, like how most PC versions of COD were pretty much neglected- it doesn't feel like the old CODs anymore- the weapons aren't exactly balanced, more like the OP and dominant weapons compete with one anotherMy personal opinion: It's worth buying, but I don't think the game will last long. If the playerbase were larger, I would have bought the Season Pass."
76561198036699945,Recommended,209650,12847074,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Feldmarschall Radetzky,"This is one of the most exceiting CoD games I ever played!I know it is controversial, but I love the lore and story, I love the graphic, I love the Scifi settings, I love the mutiplayers.And yes, for now, the graphic setting is kind of confusing, and may lead to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphic if you set something wrong. But I dought have you even tried to like this game, if you don't even want study the settings a bit!"
,Not Recommended,209650,13128574,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[EZ81]maggracers,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t sprinkled crackers.
76561198031682080,Not Recommended,209650,14051008,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,illegal-Alien,too many hackers
76561198018580921,Not Recommended,209650,13228784,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Sp!t-F!re,....vetran cod multi gamer...this game has so much lag [ multiplayer ]. the exo jumping sucks..call of duty has turned in to kiddy cod..but wait for it [ i still play the bloody game..]
76561198014779009,Not Recommended,209650,12845116,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lunatic,"This is Call of Duty's funeral. Players wanted different maps, different perks, different playstyles but the new call of duty changed the base of the game, there's no guessing now, its all based on luck, from time to time I got confused because I was deciding on looking at the minimap or the game because there are jetpacks in the game. The guy could be anywhere, you never guarantee yourself a kill you never guarantee success, when you get a killstreak that♥♥♥♥♥♥is out of luck. Nothing else, you wouldn't gain a grain of skill by playing this game. You can't know anything in this game. You cant even discover your playstyle because you get dominated with every single playstyle there is anyway. What is the point of assault rifles and submachine guns now? I've had several situations where i connected every single one of my submachine gun bullets pointblank and the guy turned around and killed me in 2 hits. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that Call of Duty has offered in its pervious games have been multiplied by a hundred in this game. Dont buy this game. Call of Duty had a great run but its time to stop. STOP MAKING CALL OF DUTY GAMES."
,Recommended,209650,13647880,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,meme,"Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare is definitely not worse than Ghosts, but its not the new ""Revolutionary"" shooter that everyone needs. Heres the facts:Advanced Warfare is made by Sledgehammer Games, the game studio that made  Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 3 (one of my favorite COD's) so I had high hopes for this.I was disappointed, but I also really liked some things like the boost jumping and survival mode, and some of the guns were cool but OP and I hate the laser guns (I hate any of you who use it)Graphics - 6.8/10 laggy on good graphics cardsGameplay - 7/10Story - only played a little but 5/10 from what I playedSurvival - 7/10 but nothing newOverall rating - 6/10 okay game but could be better"
,Recommended,209650,19970498,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GaryTK,One of the best Single player COD games since COD4
,Not Recommended,209650,12962223,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Galaxy,multiple bugs that are not looked into.
,Not Recommended,209650,13012782,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,hadati,Full of bugs.  Couldn't hear most characters in the game.  The characters I could hear weren't synched between the audio and the video.  Tons of stuttering even after updating drivers (I run a GTX780).  The bio-suit lateral dash and extremely short aerial jetpacking were blatant attempts to rip off Titanfall and were executed poorly.  This title was quite obviously rushed to market for Christmas sales before it was ready.
76561198036644887,Not Recommended,209650,13021588,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,eXa. #Fairy,biggest pile of sh*t ever! I really try to enjoy the game but I just cant! Very disappointing.
76561198043198803,Not Recommended,209650,30250574,Posted: 28 February,all,SoulKratos,"Nobody plays online. From what I hear, within a month of release, nobody plays the Steam/PC Edition of any Call of Duty multiplayer game anymore. I still wanted to play, so I bought it on sale with all the main DLC (Gold Edition) planning to play it with bots. I have done before, but now I just tried to play a game, and if I load Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Multiplayer, which Steam treats as a separate game, the only options available are Play Online, Combat Readiness Program, and Store. All of these options require online connectivity, which is bad here because Comcast gives all the juice to big businesses instead of homes who pay for it, and because no one plays online. There used to be an option for offline/local/LAN play. This option is gone (in a patch?). This both sucks and it taking a game mode away from me, a game mode I paid for and planned to play by purchasing the game. This is making me dislike the whole patch system and errors like this are why I stayed a console gamer for so long until consoles became mini-PCs that got updated all the time, because I knew BS like this would happen. Where is my offline Team Deathmatch mode I can play with bots? The campaign was not worth the $50+ I paid for. I want my offline multiplayer back. Unless this is a glitch or for some reason I can't find it, I am going to demand that something be done."
76561198109769383,Recommended,209650,14731974,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ray,I enjoy the game. Don't enjoy the devs constantly lying to us. ;(
,Recommended,209650,12845849,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[wang] Explosive Kyushu,"COD: AW is a significant step up from Ghosts, although in the interest of maintaining honesty it's probably worth noting that they could have sold me a shoebox full of fresh cat♥♥♥♥♥♥and it would have been better than Ghosts.The story is nothing out of the ordinary, bog standard COD story involving a small fire team going up against impossible odds, plot twist visible from the next planet, etc. Single player mode is standard COD length, about 5-8 hours depending on your difficulty level, skill and how many times you screw up the hovertank sequence.Performance-wise, the game has a couple of kinks that need to be ironed out. In my case, the game often forgot to render parts of NPC's faces, which made it look like their teeth were glued on to the outside of their heads. Additionally, textures would often fail to render properly and would flash as the game attempted to reload them. In one case it told me to escape an area in a boat- but then did not render the boat. The screen still told me to ""PUSH BUTTON TO GET IN BOAT"" so I did, and I promptly climbed into thin air before sinking to the bottom and dying immediately. Thanks to the fact that the game had just quicksaved, I had to start the mission from scratch. Clap, clap, clap. Aside from all of that it's not too bad and ran well even on my gaming laptop.The gameplay though, is where this game really starts to shine.This game features a movement system that reminds me a lot of much older FPS games. Double tapping jump will jet boost you up in the air, double tapping a directional key will send you dashing in that direction. This doesn't really change single-player much, aside from a few set pieces but in multiplayer it gives some serious depth. Enemies fly through the air firing at each other so often that you'll feel like you're playing Quake in 1998. This movement system adds another level of strategy and difficulty to every map and it's very satisfying to pull off some acrobatic miracle that nets you a kill or two. Advanced Warfare's multiplayer is the most fun I've had in a multiplayer FPS for a very long time....when it works.At the time of this review (a few days after launch), the netcode is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing abysmal and many people are suffering from crippling lag. The hitboxes decide to break with alarming frequency and you might as well be shooting air. Despite the promises made by the devs prior to release, there are no dedicated servers and it's the same old P2P ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t we've been dealing with for years. Fix these problems, and this game has serious potential to be the best COD in years.Well, I've gotta click whether I recommend this game or not, so after a bit of deliberation I've decided to click yes- but it is tentative. The multiplayer is the major draw and comes so close to being incredible, but is currently very, very broken. Hopefully, they fix it soon. It might be worth waiting for a while to save yourself the frustration."
76561198070184522,Not Recommended,209650,13123026,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,"im better than ""oldboy""",well done you have done it againyou have made a game that is unplayable just like ghostthe lag is unrealwhy oh why did i think it would be any better than ghostwell this for sure will be the last C.O.D i will buythanks for nothingfor anyone looking for a good fps buy battlefield
,Not Recommended,209650,17975041,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,DareDevil,"fallen apart.activion, your policy is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ you dropped down AW servers, so we have to purchase BO3, well, that's wrong thief , i tried it on beta version, and didn't like it, AW is much better.i am requesting to refund me back for the game i purchased and DLCs.activision, we hate you...Titanfall: Recycled Warfare"
76561198027225940,Not Recommended,209650,13037921,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Honeybadger33,If you like the campaigns for the COD games in general then go ahead and get it. Single player is decent enough and the story is okay. Multiplayer on the other hand isnt so good. The new movement mechanics are a great new touch if you can master it but no dedicated servers leaves you in some games with hackers and cheaters. I couldnt tell you how many times I got insta killed by someone quick scoping me without a scope and one hit kill. If you are wanting a good multiplayer game then DO NOT purchase this one yet. Wait until they fix the game.
76561198067066408,Not Recommended,209650,12845897,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,obamanation722,"Game Is broken, load times are horrible, tons of graphical glitches in campain and multiplayer. If your a fan of COD multiplayer like me this is not the game for you. Has gone to a more haloesk style of gameplay that I personally do not care for. I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,209650,13830255,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Shadow,"Terrible. Launch was awesome but it all went downhill after that. Now, beggining of January, I get frame stuttering on high texture settings (normal everything else) the first time I manage to get on. After that, I'm never able to connect to online services. If you haven't already, DON'T waste your money on this garbage."
,Not Recommended,209650,12821701,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hoff,"The Good:Pretty game.Exo suits - cool but Titans are more fun.The Bad:You need a killer PC.The Ugly:I'm old school. I've played COD since it was only on the PC. I converted to console on COD4, and spent many years between xbox 360 and ps3 pwning n00bs. I recently switched back to PC. No one is playing this game. I can't find a hardcore game to save my soul. Infected either. On console I would be playing for hours already.  On PC, no way near as fun.Time to get an Xbox 1."
76561198149188009,Recommended,209650,15647782,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,BIG BOSS,"I personally find the game to be rather decent overall. The jump packs are cool, and the futuristic weapons and setting are pretty neat. The story is unoriginal but decent popcorn entertainmant and should last you anywhere from 8-10 hours. The MP is relatively fine, although it's currently suffering a population issue like most CoD games do on p.c. It's a pretty good p.c port too, with tons of options and some pretty good graphics and presentation overall.My MP and SP hours are seperate but in total I have about 30ish or so total. It was worth what I spent. Not remarkable, but worth it if Activision ever puts it on sale. HOWEVER it is inifinitely better than Ghost. So if you expect an experience as lousy as that, you will be happily relieved."
,Recommended,209650,15291237,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DoDo,"I think Advanced Warfare is a ""love it"" or ""hate it"" game and in my case, it was an absolute LOVE IT. The exo movements and jumps are what makes this game unique. The game speed is very fast because of fast movements&jumps and you have to play a certain amount of time to adapt to this. So give yourself some time to adapt and after this, AW becomes a whole lot of fun to play. The fast pace also makes camping much, much harder and I believe this is great as well. Now rather than sitting in a corner and waiting for people to shoot, you have to engage in gunfights to get good scores. The elite weapons and customized outfits are also a welcome addition.So is this game perfect? Of course not. In this day and age, a lack of dedicated servers is a real shame. Occasionally, you'll experience lags and you'll meet with hacker kids...That's for sure. The laser weapons are also a downside as in a laser infected lobby you will think that you're in star wars rather than cod. But look past the faults and adapt to the fast gameplay and you'll have a great time.In my opinion, this is the best cod to date. Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,209650,13639566,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Juan Cena,"It's a waste of money, and as soon as i launch the game i get a black screen"
76561198020848899,Not Recommended,209650,12840629,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Trump The China Fanboy,"This CoD is AWESOME. But I wouldn't recommend it, yet.PROs:Singleplayer:1. They hired Kevin Spacey!2. Graphic, heavenly great, do I even have to mention more? Get your graphic card updated if you wanna play your loading screen smoothly.3. They added a female as one of the main characters.4. Those technologies shown in this game are just so cool!Multiplayer:1. EXO suit speeds up the multiplayer so much, sometimes it's almost too fast.2. RW1 is a good treat for hardcore play style.3. More customization hell ya!CONs:Singleplayer:1. Low quality story, they are trying to pack the amount of storytelling of MW1, MW2, MW3 into only one AW, and this is just not gonna work. And most of the incidents are just immaturely written. (Comparing to this one, BO2 is the opposite) No where even near the level of House of Cards that's for sure!2. Graphic is a huge leap compared to older generations, but it also means it's time to spend more $$$ on your dear PC.3. Enemies are still dumb as hell.Multiplayer:1. Lag.2. DC.3. SnD is ruined by EXO and long♥♥♥♥♥defuse time.4. Why in the hell will you get slowed down by shield bash?Untill they patch the disconnecting problem, I will not recommend this UNFINISHED game to anyone I care about!"
76561197965046644,Recommended,209650,13729418,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A nice attempt to try something new with call of duty. The story is rather interesting but does have a lot of moments of why this and why that....there is even a point in the game where I wish it branched off and allowed you to make this simple choice of following a special someone or not to allow more story info and even points of view on why the story is built on these paths.There is some audio issues during loading which seem to be fixed now, but there is a slight issue with the loading screen as it does provide a video giving some background story but it finishes rather fast before the loading is done meaning your stuck looking at a black screen.....why they couldn't of made the video longer (like Modern Warfare 2 allowing you to watch a long video and skip once loading was completed) to cover the long loading is rather strange as there is a lot of background information they could of filled in to keep the player in check with the story.The guns are pretty awesome as well as the ability to upgrade and improve your exo suit which comes pretty handy allowing you to slide and double jump...however each mission does restrict some abilities for example one mission may allow you to double jump then the next mission takes that away and gives you a climbing ability.There are a few memorable missions, one being a bike ride, another a tank mission and of course the all out war stuff.However the biggest issues are:1. Call of duty still feels linear, instead of trying to attempt a more wider approach and more non scripted events. For example there is one mission where it's all out war and you see choppers flying low dropping off troops. This mission and only this mission you are able to climb up there at your own chosing and gun the crew down, you can even avoid that approach and take a rocket to it or steal a enemy tank to shoot it down. This whole approach felt awesome and more in the player control.2. Feels short. I tried the story on medium and then veteran and felt the game rather short and not really challenging, namely Black ops series I found myself getting a beating in veteran as mass waves of enemies charge my location and throw the unlimited amount of grenades behind my cover but Advanced Warfare never gave me that challenge and most times I felt extremely overpowered which isn't a bad thing since I'm wearing this exo suit but I ended flying through the game rather fast.To me it's a good start and finally something a bit different then the rest but still doesn't feel right....like it's missing something. However Kevin Spacey does help the story abit....I think they put all the graphics on his face though because he looks really detailed compared to my other teammates.....I would recommend you wait for a sale if your aiming for the singleplayer elements. For the online I can't really say much only that the customization is nicely done and the whole usage of Exosuits for online battles are awesome...but there isn't much change, there is still TD, capture , Control and still the same amount of player limit as before.. They did have a survival mode but it gets boring pretty fast."
,Not Recommended,209650,13223901,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,[o4zloi] Acaerus,"This game is dead allready. Poor balance, bad gameplay, almost in every math there is a obvious cheater present, not even speaking about those who are smart enough to play with simple WH."
,Not Recommended,209650,32858862,Posted: 27 June,all,Xaptor,I can't believe I actually paid for a No Games Found simulator...
76561197971421694,Not Recommended,209650,12805855,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Raygun,"I can't connect to online play either. It's been 3 days since release and still can only play laggy campaign.""The Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare service is not available at this time. Please try again later'3 DAYS OF THIS I WANNA FRAG DAMMIT!"
76561198162088922,Not Recommended,209650,13044489,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,JimmyLongstockings,"They tried to copy the movement for Titanfall and really just did a horrible job at it. I do not recomend this game for PC, just alot of issues with it in general."
,Not Recommended,209650,13098551,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,P?A?B?L?O,IT SUCKS PURE♥♥♥♥♥CHECKES
76561197971260882,Not Recommended,209650,13054141,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ferris,Multiplayer doesn't really work.  It ended up being yet another frustrating title.  They have yet to fix the issues plaguing gameplay.  I have uninstalled it and sworn of the entire COD franchise forever.  Don't make my mistake and waste your hard earned money on a crap game.
76561198112367502,Not Recommended,209650,13086555,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,CSGO KISSING PRANK GONE SEXUAL,"I tried playing multiplayer and i couldnt find any match at all, like AT ALL. Is there anybody out there who plays advanced warfare multiplayer? or is this game dead? that's BS just bought the game yesterday, only to find out that this game is dead! bye bye $60..."
,Recommended,209650,12927186,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,KuDeR,Sledgehammer did a fantastic job on making the multiplayer fun again and setting the singleplayer campaign into a blockbuster like movie experience.
,Not Recommended,209650,13048804,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Spylon,It's a Call of Duty game.
,Recommended,209650,13758363,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HAL,"10/10 Would Bang.Bang Bang.The Game is Great. (Correction Better Than Ghosts.)I just sponsored 12 dogs for less than a cup of coffee a day because of a ASPCA Montage of legit mld (Major League Dogging) in need puppies, But Puppies are Scrubs M7.The dogs I sponsored are barking,I know this is a bad place for advice, but im having serious thoughts about killing my sponsored dogs.Seriously. Help.Please.Im putting Scruffy Down.Rekt.Are Dogs Supposed to be this loud?__░░ ░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░ _____▄░░░░░░░░▌▒█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▌░░░░░░░░▌▒▒█░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▐░░░░░░░▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░░░▄▄▀▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒▐░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░▐▒▒▒▄▄▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌░░▌░░▌█▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐░▐░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀▄▌░▌░▒▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▌▌▒▀▐▄█▄█▌▄░▀▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▐▐▒▒▐▀▐▀▒░▄▄▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▒▌▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▐░▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▌░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▄▒▒▐░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▄▒▒▒▒▌░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄—- Bark.-I wish my dog was that quiet.-stfu dog.*bark-U fkn wat M8?*whimper-Soon there will be a dog union and then i will have to pay you to♥♥♥♥♥♥in my yard.*barkI just fkd up dat shi tzu m8Rekt.~“. _^_ ""~~“ (____) ”~~“(______) ”~“ (________) ”~(____________) ”#IlluminatiConfirmed#Hectors♥♥♥♥♥♥WasRealAllAlong.#GoodGameisGood#WorkOfArt#Gaben#Hectors♥♥♥♥♥♥Confirmed#KillConfirmed#CounterTerroristsWin#CTSided░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄█▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░▄██▄▄▄▄▄▄▄██▄░░░░▄█▀▀▀▀██▄░░░░░░░█▀░░░░█▀▀▀░░▄██░░▄▄█░░░██▀▀▀███▄██░░░░░█░░░░░░▀█▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀██▀░░░▀█▀▀▀▀███▄▄█░░░█░░░░░░░░░▀▀█▄▄██▀▀░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄░░░▄▄▀█░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░▀██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄██░░▀█░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░▄▄▄█▀▀▀░░░▄█▀░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░██▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░░░***  Will Play Call Of Duty Advanced Warfare. No Riley. ****Edit I threw the dogs outside and it is cold. I hope they Freeze.*Edit I threw their food outside, a months worth, they can fend for themselves in my apartment complex patio on the third story.*Edit They looked thirsty, so i threw ice at them, the ice might melt. Doubt it. They can chill out.*Edit It's Been 21 minutes 53 seconds since i threw my dogs out and no sign of my dogs, however there are many signs of a blizzard. That will teach the dogs to hide. Maybe. Sort of. Doubt it. My dogs are imbred, like half of Europe, and all of Missouri. Unrelated."
,Not Recommended,209650,12821694,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,soufigo,Multiplayer too laggy...it is unplayable at current state. and also...the game is not optimized yet.
76561198014869250,Not Recommended,209650,12812095,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DARKSIGNAL,"I wish I could have my money back. I am kind of broke right now and can't afford another new game so I'm going to pretend this didn't happen.  I played 5 hours of multiplayer and its pretty lame. There is even less strategy involved then previous COD titles due to the frantic style of gameplay that the exo suit brings and the fact that players are just jumping around everywhere pointlessly. Run around shoot a bunch get a kill or be killed. Pointless and unentertaining. I really miss the old battlefield games right now (BF2, 2142, BFBC2). I'm going to play a little more so I don't feel totally ripped off... BUYER BEWARE ITS NO WHERE NEAR A 9 OR WHATEVER IGN GAVE IT.  6/10*******"
76561198041938404,Not Recommended,209650,12810810,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,momo,"i can barely even play the game, i reach minimal requirments and i still have these major lag spikes. ALSO I had to watc hthe stupid intro cutscene like 8 times becuase i had to chnage setings."
76561197983160208,Not Recommended,209650,12807221,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,GUN,"What can I say...  STAY AWAY & DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!I stayed away since MW2 as it was a massive heap of crap after MW, which is the best CoD by far.  However I thought I would give this a chance after loosing faith in BF3 and 4 and see if they've managed to make a decent game after all these years.So did they pull it off?Did they boll ocks!Pros:Looks nice (BUT only on a high end machine)SP has Kevin SpaceyMore options for PC video cardsMech suits and big jumpsCons:EVERYTHING ELSE with special mentions going to..Constant crashing mid game (i7, 16GB, GTX970, W7, SSD)Someone constantly moaning at someone else  for campingSomeone constantly moaning at someone else  for cheatingSomeone constantly moaning at someone else  for moaing!Hit boxes, dont believe me just watch the replays.CoD is still a pile of crap after all these years and should forever remaing on the console where its player base lives! Shame I can't get a refund.It seems there isn't a decent FPS out there at the moment, maybe I'll go back to CoD:MW."
,Not Recommended,209650,13004567,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Sgt Fats,"I really enjoyed Call of Duty Advaned Ware, I thought it brought a ton of new experiences to the Call of Duty franchise. The single player was actually pretty decent and I would give it another replay. I enjoyed the multiplayer experience for a day or two, but then the hacker invasion began. A typical multiplayer game will contain anywhere from 1-3 hackers. Even though the steam forums are full of complaints, the issue has not been addressed and nothing is being done. I will no longer support COD. This is a huge insult to customers and shows that sledgehammer has no concern at all for its customers after taking their money. If you are going to buy this game just for multiplayer, stay away. Single player is good, but not worth 60$"
76561198078919468,Not Recommended,209650,12820102,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,happy,"call of duty advanced warfare is disgusting on the pc unplayable this game is, go buy the console game instead or better yet save your money"
76561198031265092,Not Recommended,209650,12819839,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Harr0w,"DONT NOT BUY THIS GAME. OPTIMIZATION NONE, MEMORY LEAKS, ZERO DEDICATED SERVERS, FREEZING, BLACK SCREENS YOU NAME IT THIS GAME HAS GOT IT. IT WOULD BE FROM WHAT I IMAGINE A GOOD GAME IF THEY ACTUALLY FIXED ANYTHING 0/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,12820762,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kush,the online multiplayer is disappointing... nuff said...
,Not Recommended,209650,12812294,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Twalk-97,I enjoyed the campagin but the multiplayer (as of currently) is good when it runs (barley). The lag is just god awful and makes it unbearable to play due to no deticated servers. So I would not sink 60 dollars into this until they fix this. I enjoy it when it works and has great potential but the lag kills it.
,Not Recommended,209650,12845845,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Thundawear,"THIS GAME WILL NOT RUN ON A DUAL COREIf you have a dual core CPU, regardless of how well it play every other game, this game will not work without modding the .exe. And even then if you do manage to find that patch, it only works for singleplayer. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO EVEN PLAY ONLINE OR even try to."
76561198139641362,Not Recommended,209650,12811391,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Darkendlinkd,Even Though I Have Beaten The Min Specs And Some Of The Req Specs I Cant Play This Game Cause My CPU Is A Dual-core Not A Quad-Core Or Better. The Only Way To Play This Game Is With Dualcore Patchs From Online And I Cant Find A Multiplayer One That Works. But If You Do Have A Quad Or Better Core CPU Then You Should Be Fine And The Game Is Great. But The Point That Dual Core CPUs cant Play This Game Is Why I Put This In The Negative Other Wise It Would Be In Positive I Give This Game.                  7.98/10
,Not Recommended,209650,12840395,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hocksmonovits,"Horrendous performance issues across the board, especially on AMD parts. Defender is completely unplayable because of the low frame rates. Can't look into open areas without frame rate drops. I'm running an FX-6300 and an R9 280X, this is unacceptable. Graphics, when maxed out, aren't anything to write home about either.God awful lag in multiplayer, thanks to peer-to-peer hosting.A complete and total lack of weapons. MW3 and Black Ops 1 both had 10 assault rifle. Black Ops 2 had 9 assault rifles to pick from. Ghosts had 8. AW has 6. Why are we going backwards?Maps are boring. Nothing noteworthy. Some maps are completely unplayable, so there's that.There are fun things about the game; the character customization, the alternate weapon drops, the fast paced movement, but this is all null when the core game is broken. The game wouldn't be appreciably worse if the only thing that popped up when you loaded the game was ""You wasted 60 bucks."""
76561198081973817,Not Recommended,209650,13082933,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,byrd,Awful. I feel stupid for ever buying it.
76561198019153661,Not Recommended,209650,14020182,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jazm,"Worst lag in a multiplayer game I have ever played and there is an extreme stutter that makes me feel sick. Stay clear, this is the worst PC optimized COD yet!"
76561198020787449,Not Recommended,209650,13838705,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AntAgonizer,Crash Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,209650,12810529,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NANOHORIZON,"Second worst made game of this year, worse than Sims 4. And what the ♥♥♥♥ is with the Steam rating of ""Very Positive"" 95 percent of these reviews are negative.....................(update) Okay, second worst game made this year. After an update and new Catalyst drivers, the game runs smoother, yet with more graphical issues.After finishing the game, I feel like watching half of a really really terrible 90s action movie that thought it was being serious. It ends with the worst ""dun dun DUNNNNNN"" I have ever seen in any game or movie.I think the actors did very well though, very well considering they were playing such ridiculous characters involved in such a ridiculous story. A class of freshman could come up with something better.The game engine seems good but the game doesn't seem complete. It seems skillfully rushed along, probably still retaining many background placeholders. The audio is great, especially in 5.1."
76561198180949586,Not Recommended,209650,18831461,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Big Diddly Doo Daas,Pretty Bad
,Not Recommended,209650,21632210,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Fb||First Lieutenant Dunn,"I bought this game and i was very exited because it looked so cool, but to my suprise, this game was extremly buggy, laggy, and ♥♥♥♥ed up, and now these days the multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing dead.Even if i buy the gold edition, im still restricted from Zombies, I have been cheated and ripped off by this ♥♥♥♥ing game and i ♥♥♥♥ing hate it.♥♥♥♥ YOU SLEDGEHAMMER♥♥♥♥ YOU ACTIVISION♥♥♥♥ YOU!!!!"
,Recommended,209650,21093473,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ReeperZ,"This game is awesome i keep bragging to people man zombies so easy,every1 can win it,dude u didnt even get to wave 10,wow zombies so easy i can get to round 200but then i played exo zombies i only got to round 11 XDXD every1 else can get to round like 30also please make the dogs at round 5 easier its so hard they're too fast and so hard to killthanks Sledgehammer games and Raven Software for making this awesomely futuristic game keep up with the updates i will play this game forever!"
76561198149528297,Not Recommended,209650,19484924,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kì Lân Ảo Diệu,"The game is dead, ♥♥♥♥in'DEAD"
,Not Recommended,209650,19483107,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hoodie,It's nearly a dead game...
,Not Recommended,209650,21557935,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BenNet1700,"To be honest I actually enjoyed the game, loved the campaign and ect. I really liked the advanced theme, but for the PC multiplayer, absolute garbage. You can't find a single match on multiplayer, even if you do, most likely death to hackers within the first five minutes."
,Recommended,209650,13343227,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,same logic,This game is awesome! All the Exo Movements make the game completely different from past CODs.Very fun when playing with friends.10/10 Would Kill Again
,Recommended,209650,14654299,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,arthurwilliams,It's good...
76561198061625825,Recommended,209650,14333559,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Vikingishly,A lot better than Ghosts
,Not Recommended,209650,15284312,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,LvlCatalyst,"I've been playing since CoD 4. This honestly, is the worst of them all. EXO movement takes everything away. It was not thought out at all. Can't wait for B.O3. Do not buy this, save your money for the next one."
,Recommended,209650,14545460,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,McLovin,"I love this game so much, I think that anyone who gets it will have an awesome time playing the outstanding campaign, and playing in multiplayer"
76561198069588471,Recommended,209650,14633377,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ruby,i loved this game
76561198018611450,Not Recommended,209650,13104277,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SgtFlake,this game sucks dont buy! the game never loads maps dont load just ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,15629188,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Nihilus,Got banned for absolutely no reason at all. Spent over 90 dollars on this game and they wrongfully ban me.
76561198011428072,Not Recommended,209650,12881332,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Diola,"PROS:The game is addictive and makes you wanna keep playing to level up. The new granade system is very good.CONS:The game has A LOT of problems. The map Defender never loads for me. I can't play any mode other than Team Deathmatch or Domination, the other modes appear to have no people in. Textures takes too long to load. And more..."
76561198002489332,Not Recommended,209650,12881484,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Krisz,- Terrible compatibility- Buggy- No real innovation- Unkept promises- System requirements through the roofNothing unexpected from Call of Duty.
,Not Recommended,209650,19023795,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Twayd,I can't find any multiplayer games.
76561198015531621,Not Recommended,209650,12950097,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,BelgianBeast,"Terrible game, not even CoD anymore, laggs all the time, no dedicated servers even though they were promised. The spawns are horrible, the scorestreaks are boring and bad. Half the people are playing with the same weapon and the other half are hipfiring no skill noobs that spray & pray with lasers which is sadly so effective that even horrible players can kill anyone with it. This game has NO positive sides to it and is a disgrace."
,Not Recommended,209650,14392069,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,OGJudas,activision doesnt know their♥♥♥♥♥
76561198039731449,Not Recommended,209650,19480323,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,me and me,"THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH IT!!!!! I JUST CAN'T HAVE AN SERVER BROWSER, WHY????? THE ENGINE SUCKS!!!!!! I HAD ENOUGH FROM GHOSTS!!!!!!! AND THEY KEEP MAKING THIS CRAP EXPENSIVE!!!!!!"
76561198136309396,Recommended,209650,13398023,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,o2shots,"I personally love the game, I've been a diehard Call of Duty fan, and I think what they've done with it is great. Yes, it's another Call of Duty game, but that's what people love, the multiplayer, and when you put it into a new enviroment, it's like a new experience (until you get a month in). I also personally hate that only 100 people play this game at a time, and my favorite game mode lobby's (Search and Rescue) are sitting unplayed, and uneventful. It definitely is a waste of money buying this on the PC vs Console, but the game itself is pretty entertaining.Buy it if you dare on PC, maybe this recommendation would succeed in bringing millions of more players (DOUBT IT). I recommend the game, just not for the PC due to lack of players."
,Not Recommended,209650,13093087,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,hau5tastic,"I really want to like this game, I really do. The multiplayer is great when it's actually working and the base game is good. Didn't enjoy single-player that much no one plays COD for single-player anyway.So lets look at multiplayer, no dedicated servers which really blows, lag compensation can be pretty bad, sledgehammer default lobby join status can be up to 800 ping. FPS is unplayable online at anything above 200 (and that's pushing it). Also everytime I start up the game it'll ask me if I want to cripple myself with an xbox controller I have plugged in, really not necessary to ask me everytime but that's a minor gripe. (you can turn this off by editing the config files btw)As far as game modes go you can only really get into TDM, DOM or FFA on PC. It's a shame because the uplink game mode looks awesome but the player base just isn't there. Skill based matchmaking isn't helping either, making an already small playerbase even smaller.Another thing to note is that this game does not give reliable performance, many people reported stuttering and freezing throughout their games. This was somehow caused by an unusually large page file and also using a ton of RAM. I experienced this myself too and quit playing for a week. When I came back it has somehow fixed itself with no game patches or GPU driver updates. So your mileage may vary.Outside of these glaring issues it really is a fun game, it's just a gamble if it will actually work for you."
,Recommended,209650,12911302,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,..,10/10 sp mp 8/10 who would think that a game that has been released and has the best servers
,Not Recommended,209650,13023153,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Enkaiyex,"I have over 98 hours of gameplay.  The matchmaking will drive you insane. The gameplay is awesome. The guns need better work. There are hackers and activision only bans them for a week? Really? According to their policy page. Do not buy this game until the game is fixed. Which of course, its been 3 weeks and I feel like I've been cheated by a COD4 engine, redone to look futuristic. They have my money. They've made millions off this game, and yet they can't get get the game dedicated servers or at least fix the matchmaking?  I smell greed and its strong with this franchise. Do not buy this game. They are ripping us a new one. I've always enjoyed the COD series, but this one has really finished it for me. 98 Hours and I am deeply disappointed in this game and the developers behind it."
76561198101197373,Not Recommended,209650,12962213,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,KILLERPEACHESS,"(First review on any game)7 hours in the Singplayer, another 32 hours in the mulitplayer...Dont want to read it all? Skip to the bottom for a quick summary  :)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~The single player is not that bad, but it is by far not the best. After about a mission or two the frame rates start to go crazy causing a voice/picture desync. This can be fixed by a simple restart of the game. (Dont know if this matters but I have a 680)Mulitplayer...Horrible lag at the start of each round but it goes away after a few moments, most of the time. No other game modes that are played are Team Death Match, Domination, and Ground wars. You can try to search for other game modes and might find a few other players but not enough to start a match. Like all CoD games there are hackers. They said that they are going to have decitated servers up soon, well how soon is soon? I don't think that they are ever going to get servers up for this game.I will only play this game with a group friends.If they don't fix the lag issues (mostlikey caused by not haveing decitated server), and start to really crack down on hackers (who am I kidding?? CoD will never do anything about hackers) I will consider this game a wast of money.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-single player, It was ok.-Multiplayer-Hackers-No decitated server-Lag/frame issues in all matches-Only find servers for Team Death Match, Domination, and Ground wars. (all others are empty)-If you want to buy game, get it on anything but the computer."
,Not Recommended,209650,12962409,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,PHALANX380,campaign story line 5/10 _ peformance -10/10 _ multyplayer -5000000/10 needs to complety redone and dedicaterd survers are needed badly and kick sledghammer everyone knows that sledghammer can't make games there losing money faster then water through your fingers
76561198088034397,Not Recommended,209650,12874906,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Beast,"(Please note I have clocked about 15 hours of multiplayer at the time of writing, and this will be a review about the multiplayer portion of the game)*sigh* This is truly a disapointing title. And I'm not saying this because it is yet another CoD. Not at all, in fact it breaks the mould quite nicely I would say. A simple addition in the form of the exo-suits changes the dynamic of the game quite significantly, offering a whole new learning curve and and interesting twist on your standard firefights. This is really the only significant change made in this title, but it REALLY can't be emphasised enough the difference it makes.Exo-abilities are also quite a nice change. Instead of the standard of having tactical and lethal grenades/equipment you have lethal equipment and an exo ability. Exo abilities essentially are like new perks (in some cases old perks) but with a twist to them; they have a limited amount of battery life, meaning you must use them wisely.So far things sound like its not too bad, right? Wrong. It is no good having improved gameplay if the game isn't playable. This is where we get to why I will not recommend this game.1) No dedicated servers. As it is there are no servers, and since they haven't been here on release I have no reason to believe this will change, so you are stuck with P2P. Those P2P connections as they currently are very sporatic. You really don't know what is going to happen with them. And this is absolutely unacceptable in a real time pvp game like this where split second reactions can save your life.2) Optimization. This game is far superior to Ghosts in this department but it still cannot be ignored that this requires far greater hardware than it really should (imo, but I'm sure many will agree). In fact this is the strange issue with the game. I could if I wished run many of the settings on extra/high and would have a playable fps in the 60s, but this makes the game unplayable for me as the stuttering as the game renders the level is ridiculous. This is something I have never had in any game series other than CoD, and I'm starting to believe this is a serious issue with their engine, at least on PC.It should be noted I am writing this from a lower spec end of the PC spectrum but you will find people are having problems with various hardware configurations, even PCs that should easily run the game. It seems to me the general thing with this game is it is consistently poor on machines that are below the recommended requirements, possibly more so than it should be... and even those on recommended specs or higher have had enough problems for me to deem necessary to note here.Then there is also the fact this game only utilizes 2 cores, but locks out PCs which don't use 4 cores/threads. Terrible and pointless practice.The overall verdict is if you want/must play Advanced Warfare, play it on console - where it was intended to be played. Probably a more enjoyable experience anyway, since this (and all CoDs really) was clearly made for casuals. Maybe patches will make the PC version more bareable and enjoyable, but lack of dedicated servers will seriously hurt this game in the long run."
76561197970122560,Recommended,209650,12872636,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Xrated,"I would like to start off by saying I was not a COD fan at all. I never really played any of these games. Matter of fact had Steam not picked up CoD line I would never have considered playing it. With that being said, I am very glad I did. I have been chain queing multi player, and enjoying it very much. Its fairly simple to pick up and learn. The single player was short but sweet. I enjoyed the storyline. I played it in my spare time over a 3 day period. I beat it in one shot on the easy mode, I look forward to the harder modes. I used it to get the hang of the game for the multiplayer. If you are thinking about getting the game, but you are not sure if you will like it, I would say it is worth rolling the dice on. It is built well, amazing actors, great single player. But EPIC multi player! So far the community has been pretty good. Have not really seen much hacking or anything. Sometimes servers go down, you do experience lag from time to time as well. That is about all I have to say. If you are a fan of the run and gun games this game is for you."
76561198061417066,Not Recommended,209650,13089964,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Be(n)-KnObi,"super laggy, bad grapich and a bug making all player models black.... just good game but kind of really bad"
,Not Recommended,209650,13171271,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,donuts,"Lots of game stutterings in the pre-mission cutscenes, you have to watch the previous missions cutscene (which is unskipable) if you exit after beating a mission, game often crashes after watching the previous missions cutscene so it's not like you can progress anyway. Waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,209650,18870500,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SubHerban Chief,"Honestly, this game just looks pretty...  It was DoA when it was released and only sold copies because general fans of Call of Duty, but until Infinity Ward develops a new CoD, I'd pass on any new ones that come out.  If Black Ops 3 is successful, it's purly on the wall running trend Titanfall created...  Otherwise, it's just more crap...  Come on Infinity Ward, you are the reason I love CoD, please let your new one be AMAZING...  Because Sledgehammer, and Treyarch are just NOT doing it anymore..  I need my dev team who gave me MW and MW2...  Where are those guys?  What happened to the complex and thoughtful maps designed for Multiplayer?  Now it's like you just throw the play in an arena...  I'll play quake for that, seriously...  Give the maps life like they used to.  I used to love playing on certain maps, now I only care to learn them to get around, not really use the map...  I feel like this is just a Paintball game now.... Seriously..  I wouldn't recommend a CoD game until it gets a specific PC treatment from Infinity Ward, or I'll just take a special PC treatment over anything honestly.  These console ports are ruining my FPS love because more people would rather sit on a couch and play a shooter that helps them aim, and then call it skill..  Stop it.  Bring FPS BACK to PC where it belongs with a keyboard and mouse for precision WITHOUT autoaim.  The logic is killing me...  Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,209650,24092111,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,be back in december I think xdxd,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥period.
,Recommended,209650,19323133,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Gr3yWolf,Great single player game as far as multiplayer its still COD hosting CRAP they should run the type of servers that Titan fall and starwars are useing if they want to make the online game better or let us have our own servers again. But its up to the gamer if they want to spend $60.00 on a game. I recommend the this game on single player only.
76561198136518751,Recommended,209650,15877591,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Marcuetian,Dis gud.
,Recommended,209650,15162337,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,OkDC,Great looking video Game.  With the recent patch . Some of the issues are fixed. I do like playing the game.  I would like  more fps. But I do play on a laptop So it's pretty good most of the time.Thank you for fixing  the connection.
,Recommended,209650,15984194,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scoopnum,i have played quite a lot of aw and i feel it is a great game for the cod franchise and i look forward to what they are going to do with it
,Recommended,209650,16195243,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Serious Temen,"So much fun. The community is horrible, however. If you are actually good, don't buy this game, if you do, you're a hacker simply because nobody can accept the fact that there are good players in the world."
76561198123244741,Not Recommended,209650,14499358,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jonsson,stupid spacebar game. dont buy this game on pc
,Not Recommended,209650,18936272,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,chibi,this game is honestly pretty crappy why would you even go futureistic call of duty why??!?????!!?!?!?!?!???????????????!!!!!!!!!
76561198015930046,Recommended,209650,20603732,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,THE POPE,Worth buying if your into multiplayer.
,Recommended,209650,13359723,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Cosmic Isle,"This is a great game.  It has fast paced twitchy action thanks to its new movement system and an array of guns and toys to use in both the single and multiplayer.There are a lot of people complaining about the lag issues, disconnects and hackers.  These problems exist in the game but they are not as prevalent as some people are making it out to be.  I occassionally see a hacker and rarely get disconnected.  Lag is here and there.Better servers would solve a lot of problems but the game is hardly unplayable.  It is still a lot of fun and the gameplay mechanics shine in multiplayer.It is up to you if you buy the game with the problems present but you will still get a fun experience."
76561198142418442,Not Recommended,209650,14586648,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TinTin,"Very very disappointing. I've been pre-purchusing COD francise since MW3 including full DLC & cammos. Hoping they will deliver a game like MW2 or COD4, but alas! It's getting worst and worst every year. I'm a HC SD player, they just ruined the SD in AW & Ghost. Ghost was terrible. No doubt at least AW is better than Ghost.  This was my last pre-purchased COD, I've waited and supporting enough, no more. Below I give best COD in order:-1. MW2 (best)2. Cod4 / MW (best)3. MW3 / MW2.5 (very good)4. BO2 (good)5. BO1 (ok)6. AW (terrible)7. Ghost (terrible)Non listed COD I never played."
,Recommended,209650,12970537,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Blotty,Impressive.
76561198040859226,Not Recommended,209650,26511569,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,williamchou5,Do not bother. I keep getting a Create2d Texture error and a GPU device instant suspended error. Happens everytime I play it. Using a NVIDIA GTX Geforce 760 with I7. Horrible waste of money.
76561198058818375,Not Recommended,209650,26411074,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RawrSomeGuy,"Really guys, to be honest, This is just another attempt at something that was once great. Theres a difference in trying to keep a game franchise alive and just trying to revive a dead friend. Now bring out a game that is fully around Zombies (The only real reason why people still give any cares about this anymore) than we have a great game and a franchise that will be BOOMING. Untill that day happens I can not and will not recommend Call of Duty to anyone ever again. It's a sad day, one that I was hoping I would never have to have, but someone has to say it and thats just how it is."
,Recommended,209650,26438754,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Crowe8691,Don't let them kid you...this is a GREAT game if you have 32gigs of memory and a really great card you'll run it flawlessly. The sounds in this game is AMAZING and to compare with the latest Infinite Warfare Advance BLOWS it out of the water even the Zombies is better or at least just as great. I can't believe people are not into this game it's so much better than Infinite.
76561198139014358,Not Recommended,209650,19362417,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lăloața,don't buy .... the multiplayer don't work
,Not Recommended,209650,19331822,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,yung shawty (7 day ban),All the servers are empty all the time.
76561198059271718,Recommended,209650,14803744,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Harvey,This is the only game i have that will let me kill kid's
76561198168600704,Recommended,209650,14804009,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ezequiasflash,"This game is a must play, zombies is and always will be the best mode. multiplayer is beast and the story is one of the best."
76561198004236994,Not Recommended,209650,14809076,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Rampage(SSGN)SOF,"Advanced Warfare multiplayer freezing -,Whenever I play, It runs fine for a few minutes sometimes 10-20 min then freezes, I cant Alt and tab out, Alt and f4 does not work either, Ctrl Alt delete does work some of time. I have no problems with other games, I have tried turning shadows off, change screen res, graphic detail and a few other things, but I cannot get this game to run."
,Not Recommended,209650,12846332,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,RType3,"Constant crashes on campaign, multplayer useless. Great game on consoles but would not recommend on a PC.  So glad I did not get the season pass and only wasted $60."
,Recommended,209650,12854968,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,liljhman,pretty guud not as fast paced as bo2 but still good for the game
76561198113550732,Recommended,209650,12854096,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sheriff Danzey,"This game is damn awsome.~first of all its actually not a rip off of titan fall !!!~the mouse aceleration thing is so over rated , there is virtually none and its just fine~ the graphics and animations are god damn amazing especially in single player~ its totally different to all the other cods~the exo suits are easy to use and work amazingly~the game is fun and addictive~so far the multyplayer is damn awsomew and the single player makes me wanna play more and figure the story out, its really awsome~its not to bad the current connection using host, just need to get a good host, dedicated serveers are coming.i highly recomend this game, its a ton of fun and really worth the cash"
,Not Recommended,209650,12845982,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Fred,LAG!!!LAG!!!!!LAG!!!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,12848507,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Icy,Would be worth a blast if it was £20. Not the best game play not even that graphically impressive. Its more like unreal tournament which is shocking as thats what Call of Duty wasnt.
,Recommended,209650,14231902,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,PaladinLuster,"The COD franchise has taken a serious beating from its community. The last COD game i every finished was COD 1 so my take on this is pretty vanilla.This game is pretty sweet. Awesome graphics and voice acting. Controls are smooth. Story line is a bit cliche but the attempt to immerse you in it and make you part of the action during ""cute scene"" via QTEs is very good. I loved the futuristic almost Transformers like battle suits. I feel like the Transformers franchise should make have taken the robo battles from this game as template for all their Transformers games! All in all, the story portion of the game ranks pretty high in my book of records.As far as the MP portion goes, it's non existent (well, survival seems to have a tiny following) but that is nothing to be surprised about since COD has lost most of its MP love anyway.Despite all other people have said about this game, COD AD is a big step in the right direction. Keep up the good work and look forward to the next game while i 100% the chievos xD"
76561197976440334,Not Recommended,209650,13967621,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,pegasus,I would wait to buy season pass. hackers may take over and you will give up on the game. I did not recieve my exo and weapon on the 13th like promised.
,Not Recommended,209650,13967959,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Yeshua,Don't bother. The only multiplayer available is TDM in peak time...
76561198140414642,Recommended,209650,14050455,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,5am,best COD ever
,Not Recommended,209650,14001083,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Liberate,99% i cant even connect to servers rubish. MW2 best one ever rest is just poor copy paste ports...
76561198083196780,Not Recommended,209650,12970711,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WyZyPy,Hackers and no dedicated server will kill this game by new year. (if no fix) Overall.. stay away
,Recommended,209650,14590913,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,"@Adrian.Arena (212,115)",beast
,Not Recommended,209650,14641076,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,OsamaBinLaggin911,Advanced warfare is a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and it should die in a hole.It always sais it's not available at this time!
76561198010170266,Not Recommended,209650,14641611,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,dust in the wind,"I really like this game. The singleplayer is ultimately forgettable, but that's not why people buy call of duty. I love the new mechanics of boosting and really I enjoy most all of the new features. Now... if only I could actually play. It is absurdly frustrating just trying to get an intial connection to the servers, and when you do get in a game, the system is beyond screwy with gameplay delay. I wish I bought this on a console, but even more than that, I wish this game actually worked. I don't know how many months it has been since release, but it's a stupid joke that the connection issues haven't been fixed."
76561197972707059,Not Recommended,209650,14641836,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,F2-Ride-279,How can I get refunded? This feels like 1998 playing on dial up...
76561198108033005,Recommended,209650,13118071,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bryce,If your into fast paced fps you will love this game. Guns need some balancing though.
76561197960351536,Recommended,209650,14395501,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Zippah^8],"This review is for multiplayer only.I have already put more than 150 hours into the game, and I must say I keep coming back. The game is very fast paced and, to me at least, has a steeper learning curve than previous installations of CoD. The addition of EXO suits is great. It adds another dimention to the shooting action - quite literally, as there is a lot of flying around in the game. The shooting is very tight and responsive. For a port this is very well done. There has been some connectivity issues, but SHG seem to have fixed that. There are occational hackers, but they are very obvious and you can leave games without penalty (other than it counting as a loss).The weapon balance is pretty good with some exceptions, but it seems like SHG are on top of that, with regular patches. As I'm writing this review, the ASM1 is too powerful sees a lot of use, but before the last major patch it was a different weapon, so I'm sure SHG will take care of that and balance whatever needs balancing.Now for what keeps me coming back to the game: Every weapon has different variants other than the base version - some are great and some are not. You get these variants by getting kills with weapons and through random supply drops that you get by playing the game. They seem to drop every 30-45 minutes of play time. Other than new weapons you get armor (only cosmetic), XP boosts etc. I find myself coming back to the game to just get that one supply drop in hope for a new weapon to play around with. I have a few good ones but the drops are random and I haven't gotten anything worth keeping in weeks. Still it's always exciting to open them.This CoD is what the series needed. Just enough innovative additions to the good old concept."
76561198151656229,Not Recommended,209650,14682684,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DeadProstituteChunks,"The game itself is pretty fun. I've never been a fan of the FPS genre, and this game hasn't changed my mind. Graphics are nice though, and the fast pace is also a very nice change. The biggest problem with the game though is the lack of dedicated servers, but I didn't expect anything less from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at Activision. Of the two monthes I've owned this game, I've only been able to play multiplayer twice. O.k single player, terrible multiplayer. Do not buy this if you wanted to have the expirience of multiplayer, you will be dissapointed. The worst $100 I've spent on Steam."
76561198015609651,Recommended,209650,12882255,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,JuIcY,great game good fun
76561197975297552,Not Recommended,209650,13486889,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FISTSofChowMein,"UNLESS YOU PLAN TO CHEAT TO COMPETE, don't waste your time, or your money. This is easily the most hacker filled version of CoD to date, and it's clear that the devs don't care. If you're only bringing skill to this game, you're going to be dissappointed."
76561198087669310,Recommended,209650,12882422,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,JeremiahUndDerKampf,I can cloak.10/10
76561198017730466,Recommended,209650,12877496,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Darth Vader,Norm
76561198018604277,Recommended,209650,12867015,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Stone Cold Crazy,"1st of all I bought this game for the Campain. This is a beautiful game. The graphics are outstanding.As for the campain - over all the story was bla, and very pre-defined meaning you push a button exactly when your told and then you pass the mission. However, some of the game play was very good even tho your actions never change the outcome. The story has been told 100 times. Nothing new, even with Kevin Spacey.The Multi-player is ok. Very Titanfall ""Pilots Only"". Still the game play is ok, and it's new maps. After this game I truly feel that CoD, and FPS for that matter have been played-out. We need a new genre."
76561198030581269,Not Recommended,209650,14257450,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,peteuk1,full of glitches and keeps crashing I can't play it for more than  5 minutes with out crashing  waste of money
,Not Recommended,209650,13665083,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Her0,"Nope, nope, nope"
,Recommended,209650,16482423,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LIL REMAINS,Great game just can't seem to find a multiplayer lobby on anything other than Team Deathmatch -__-
76561198057944379,Recommended,209650,17694751,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ASpookySkeletal,"Overall I'd give this game a thumbs up, fun fast paced multiplayer, exo suits are something different and provide fantastic movement, the guns feel fantastic and are mostly balanced except for some outliers (ASM1, BAL-27), and it actually works unlike last years disaster. I have a feeling that Black Ops 3 coming later this year will be much better btu we have yet to see. Things that turned out bad about this game are that some maps are pretty much unplayable (Defender, Instinct (however instinct seems to have been mostly fixed by now, at least for me)), the story was the same old bland COD story, good guy turns bad, kill bad guy, shoot many guys, one man army, yadayadayada, some guns are op as mentioned above, and telling people to purchase a gun taht should've come with the DLC when they purchased it is just rediculous. I'd give this game 7/10, good but not fantastic."
76561198084302275,Recommended,209650,15476928,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,SlyHound,The Best COD since the first Black Opps. Highly recomend if you were feeling the COD formula was getting a bit stale. While not groundbreaking Advanced Warfare is a welcome change to a old and stale market. PLUS FREAKIN ZAMBIES!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,14042541,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jay_Dubby,It's OK not as good as BO2
,Not Recommended,209650,13859392,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Conspiracy=VX9=,"way better than ghosts. this is a good COD if it wasnt broken. its very irritating when you have to restart steam 3-5 times changing the download server to try and get this game to even connect to multiplayer and on top of that once you think its working out great you lost your connection and get the amazing ""can not connect to advanced warfare sever. try again later"" error message that plagues this game -_- i really hope they fix it because right now i seriously doubt we will be getting refunds for this nonsense. i have 16 hours on MP as of this review"
76561198162931735,Recommended,209650,13757489,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bong Terry,"love this game, cant stop"
,Recommended,209650,13794475,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LegaLoli,I love this game! The EXO Suits make the game that much more different! The guns feel good and boy did I miss emblems from ghost! You can fight other clans on the go with the COD:AW mobile app for Android and iPhone. This game makes up for the poor quality of COD: Ghost. So what are you waiting for get it!!!!
76561198130294798,Recommended,209650,13822628,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Omega,its a good COD tbh i like the exo and cosromization but a better port would be nice
,Recommended,209650,13825523,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Jonrobo26,It is a very good quality game but it takes a lot of power to run smoothly.
76561197970752300,Recommended,209650,13833787,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vaultboy101,Its a great game with a well optimized engine and good SP and MP. A great return to form for COD series. Forget the naysayers. It is a next gen game with great graphics and gameplay. Wish the SP campaign was  bit longer though.My Specs areIntel Core i7 3770KNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 68016GB RAMGame runs flawlessly!
,Recommended,209650,13836966,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,YouWouldn'tDownloadACar,"This game has its faults, but it is the best Call of Duty since Modern Warfare 2. My biggest problem with the COD franchise(talking about MP here) has been the lack of depth in the playing experience. The maps were all just too flat and boring. They really took a page out of Titanfall's book for this game and it really did make the game much better. The exo suit abilities and overall map designs really help change the game from a point-and-shoot to what a good FPS should be. However, the game is still very poorly optimized. The graphics are pretty good, but are not nearly as good as the amount of power they take from my system. Aside from that, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a pretty good game, but should be picked up during a steam sale. The game is definitely not worth $60."
,Recommended,209650,13857584,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Fox & Foundry,It almost seems like people are hating on this game for the sake of it being Call of Duty. In my opinion this is the best Call of Duty since Black Ops.
,Recommended,209650,16871304,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,夢醒、繁星墜,nice
76561198018682510,Recommended,209650,13338655,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Dancing_in_the_90s,"PEOPLE! If you any worry about this game, don't. I have not had as much fun with a CoD since MW2 this is an awesome game for many reasons, here are a few.Easy to learn exo suit ability’sAwesome and innovative gunsLots of people onLots of mapsGreat customizationSure we don’t have dedicated severs but we can live. Also the people saying it's leggy, most likely on your side of the situation. I have not run into one hacker as well.NOTE: I think i have a decent P.C and i have to run it on low graphics, MAKE SURE YOU CAN RUN THE GAME! PEOPLE! If you any worry about thsi game, don't. I have not had as much fun with a CoD since MW2 this is an awesome game for many reasons, here are a few.Easy to learn exo suit abilitiesAwesome and innovative gunsLots of people onLots of mapsGreat customizationSure we don’t have dedicated severs but we can live. Also the people saying it's laggy, most likley on your side of the situation. I have not run into one hacker as well.NOTE: I think I have a decent P.C and I have to run it on low graphics, MAKE SURE YOU CAN RUN THE GAME!"
76561198126953996,Not Recommended,209650,13486844,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Eric,If they stopped messing with the strengths of weapons then it would be a good game. but at this point it sucks.
,Recommended,209650,13999604,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,The Legend of Curry,"Really fun! I've played the campaign on the xbox, so I only play the multiplayer on my pc. BUT HOLY SHT the multiplayer has taken fast paced to the next level. Really love the suit abilities and the double jump  and jump dash and the divekick abilities. Man this makes it soo much fun!!!!"
76561197979326414,Recommended,209650,14001325,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DFox,I like the game but it has too much video to watch instead of game play
76561198094249141,Recommended,209650,14008810,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,firrigagamer,"Was Called A Noob By A Dead Member Of The Opposite Team, Our Team Won."
,Recommended,209650,13726708,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Virtual,Lagg all day Lagg all Night10/10 would lagg again:\
76561197985801572,Recommended,209650,13998136,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,AUSTON FUCKING MATTHEWS,"A great refreshing entry into the CoD series, but is plagued by none other than, you guessed it, LAG.The amount of times you die in one click of a laser due to lag compensation is incredibly high.A fun play if you are host, or are close to the host!"
76561198126211065,Recommended,209650,13998630,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Nameless,Very great game
76561198075605317,Recommended,209650,14022380,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sergeant Doge,"By far my favorite Call of Duty game yet. Activision and Sledgehammer have just outdone themselves with this one, and definitely made up for Ghosts. When I saw how big a failure Ghosts was, I thought Call of Duty was done for good, but all the developers have more than redeemed themselves. A very good Campaign and a fast paced Multiplayer with features and abilities never before seen in pretty much any other FPS in history are just a few things that make this game worth double than what I payed for it! I am optomistic of what the future holds for the Call of Duty franchise. Amazing work Activision, we love ya!"
76561197970834373,Recommended,209650,13969686,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BUMBLEBTUNASALDSNDWCH,Where is the Havoc and AE4? It's the `3th.
,Recommended,209650,13995925,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Inferno,"Great game, love it! Only one problem, some maps have awful fps drops other than that the game is great"
,Recommended,209650,13999128,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,*{GAF}* STEEL > GR,!!!!!hyper!!!!GAME!!!!
76561198087855579,Recommended,209650,13999261,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Funky Monk,good
76561197976782696,Recommended,209650,14121279,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Adari,"Until this COD, I hadn't finished a COD single player campaign since COD4.And not since Day of Defeat have I so thoroughly enjoyed a multiplayer FPS.I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,209650,17847346,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,WobblySausage_,Just.. don't.
76561198199551611,Recommended,209650,16890547,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Zerofic15,No games found at Multiplayer
76561198175609849,Recommended,209650,16898059,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Shronk,aw is ok but the modern warfare and black ops series is better. and why does advanced warfare for pc have no buyable advanced supplydrops??
76561197968319411,Recommended,209650,14164161,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,chazdraves,"I'm not a true Call of Duty fan. I played the first two as well as Modern Warfare, but mostly fell off after that. I've also never been into competitive multiplayer. Despite that, I enjoyed my time with Advanced Warfare. The storyline was a little goofy at parts, but the characters were genuinely well-realized at times. Some of the motion capture was off here-and-there, but there were other instances when character animations were quite impressive. Graphics are as expected for this series - which is to say very competent and mostly polished.The multiplayer was a surprising lot of fun for me. I enjoyed the macro game of leveling up gear and eventually prestiging and doing it all again. There's not a lot of sense to it, but the compulsion is fun (personal opinion, as is all of this). That said, the community can be a little rough at times. There is some hyper-competitive hatred as seen in many modern competitive games. It's hard to play too long without someone calling ""Hax"" and generally downplaying the lovable characteristics of your mother... But the community also has some bright spots and chat is easily ignored if you find yourself in a tough crowd.If you play FPS games for the storyline, you could certainly do worse than Advanced Warfare. The action is exciting and the characters provide some memorable moments. If you enjoy the competitive scene and find incentive in the sort of gear-grinding CoD is famous for, then you might really have fun here. If you have and always will disdain the Call of Duty series, this probably won't change your mind."
76561198118605642,Recommended,209650,14183931,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Yankeefan1226,I reccomend this game for 11+ because it has paintball effects so it wont be to graphic
,Recommended,209650,14154415,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,I'mDone.,FTW
,Recommended,209650,14588677,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Danjo,Nahhhhhh
,Recommended,209650,13837929,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Zatacka,Best game of 2014
76561198048696081,Recommended,209650,15585597,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,sKILLIE,Epic. One of the best yet.
76561197992694229,Recommended,209650,14022822,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,CCCLIX,By far the best COD yet.
76561198010523969,Not Recommended,209650,14915602,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Loading..,"I wnjoy the multiplayer alot in fact except when you get the people that hate losing and hack the lobby so they can win. Obviously the VAC is suppose to stop this but hasn't been updated or was but never accepted the new hack programs. Dedicated servers are a must they still don't have them. This is the first call of duty game i ever played and yes activision, sledgehammer your ruining my experience. The second thing i don't like in multiplayer is the laser guns the EM1 or whatever they are called it is like the ultimate cheat for those to lazy to aim. If you do play call of duty advance warfare. learn first how long it takes to get killstreaks as you will find probably hackers will keep dropping kill streaks and ultimately ruining your experience.Other than those complaints I enjoy the multiplayer a few guns can change and a better explanation of the shotgun and how someone can kill you 100 ft away with one is interesting. Plenty of maps with great strategic fun. The one thing i wish they would include in the moshpit matches is all the other maps not just the same 4 all the time. Would love to see search and destroy, infected and such in standard moshpit."
76561198041763378,Not Recommended,209650,13487931,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,HBW_Infidel,This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and that is being nice. Can almost never get into the multiplayer server. I wish I could get my money back!
,Not Recommended,209650,14717336,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,red_belmont456,"I've played many CoD games before but CoD: AW is the first I ever purchased for myself and thoroughly played so far (both single and multi player), and although I am More of an Arena shooter player (DOOM, Quake, Halo, UT, Etc...), I quite enjoyed Advanced Warfare due to it having significantly higher movement based combat than that of it's stale run and gun predecessors. It's campaign story, although generic, was still a lot better compared to before since*SPOILERS*I felt Jonathan Iron's Actor did a good enough Job at making you hate him as the bad guy. The multiplayer was also lots of fun for me since my fav gun so far is the EM1 Laser (it reminds me a LOT of the Lightning Gun), and once again, because of how much more fast paced it is now, enemies can come from anywhere instead of just from camping in a corner or whatnot... Regrettably I don't think this game deserves to be recommended for several reasons (at least when it comes to the PC version) and here's why:1) the number one reason has to be that this game has got to be most horrendously Optimized Game I have ever played for a PC port yet... I have 1TB HDD 7200 RPM, about 8GB of ram (16 now that I recently upgraded), a 650w PSU, an EVGA GTX 760 GPU with 2GB of dedicated video memory, and a good intel i5 Quad, and this game still managed to make my computer severely choke when I set it to my Nvidia cards optimal settings (I've even heard horror stories of people with 980s running this game that still have it crash and lose frames like mad). The game suffers from MAJOR memory leak issues if you play it on higher settings, worst of all, it was consuming so much ram that I ended up having to re-enable my pagefile just to keep the game from crashing. I kept playing around with my settings to see if I could find a set that would allow me to play with the game as pretty as possible while still maintaining 91 FPS in multiplayer (and believe me, even on ultra it could maintain around 80-91 FPS in multiplayer), and at one point, it caused my GPU drivers to completely crash so I ended up having to reboot my PC because no game worked after that. After finally settling on halving the optimal settings, most of these problems stopped, however the game will STILL stutter, crash or make my Disk spike hard if played for longer than an hour or two, it just blows my mind at how awful of a port this game is for the PC. It was lazily done and you're better off getting the console version to avoid all these issues if you don't want your game sessions to be constantly interrupted, Which is a pity because AW's mobility is certainly superior when played with a keyboard and mouse...2) The hit detection in this game is pretty bad, there is no client server prediction so it relies heavily on Host Connection (it is crappy Peer to Peer after all), to determine the speed at which bullets will register, this leads to a lot of mixed games in terms of quality so you may do good on one, but then horribly on the next, it just sucks... I'm sure Activision has yet to implement Dedicaded servers for this series since it would end up being more expensive for a game that they release yearly anyway (cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s).3) I came into this game knowing full well what I was gonna get into, but in case you don't know... Another Obvious negative is how Toxic the community is here. Sure it may not be as full of the racist ""6-12 year olds"" that everyone makes 1000s of troll vids on youtube of in the PC version as the console version, but most of the people that play the PC version may as well be, their attitude is Gi-Go, and their vocabulary is so limited to F bombing that you may as well get used to muting people, if you're coming into this game, then make sure to have iron skin, balls of steel, and non existant emotion, you have been warned...TL;DR: Overall the game is great, different and I'd say a lot better than older CoD games in terms of mechanics, however the terrible optimization of the PC version including awful Peer to Peer just kills any chance it may have had for a thumbs up... Oh and BKs, lots and LOTS of BKs...*****EDIT*****Ever since they recently patched the game with the exo zombies mode, the game pretty much no longer works if you have an NVIDIA card, I started it up and it literally crashed every 5 minutes, even on lowest settings (it must've crashed at least 10 times before I finally RQ'd)... I tried everything from reinstalling the game to clean installing my card drivers, tweaking the settings and whatnot, the game is a bloody optimization mess. This is the last straw!!! even though I bought this game at a discount, I feel as though I just threw away my money as I cannot enjoy the multiplayer with these constant crashes, DO yourselves a favor and avoid this game like the plague, it is not worth even 20 dollars in its current state..."
,Not Recommended,209650,12918022,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/spacefranklin,I have been de-ranked 2 times in this game set back all the way to lvl 1.this game is fun but it sucks so much at the same time
76561198136974343,Not Recommended,209650,14663353,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Spartecus23,i have tghe season pass but it wont let me play exo zombies
,Recommended,209650,15174833,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,AK-47 Penguin,"OK so I am going to write a really long review on this game.I have one word for Sledgehammer: wow. It says I have 3 hours in this game, but that is singleplayer. I really have 65 hours in game. So, people on PC are thinking, ""Oh, if I buy a COD, it will ruin my reputation among my friends, but also the HL2 or CS:GO community!"" Don't think that. Advanced Warfare is a triumph like no other COD game before. I gives gameplay mechanics we have never seen in a game, with top notch graphics. Now, don't criticize me. There graphica re not anything like GTA V, but they are still amazing. Don't listen to what anyone says about this game being bad, we NEED to get more people playing this game on PC. Slowly, it is losing popularity, and I am writing this review to attract more people to get this truly incredible game.eVERYONE SAYS, ""iT'S A COD, it already sucks!"" And I must admit, I thought that too! In my opinion, Black Ops 2 was a failure to create a war game that anyone can enjoy.And yes, I admit that the servers in this game sucks really bad. BUT THAT'S BECAUSE NO ONE PLAYS IT! If you enjoy this game, tell your friends to get it on PC! Then people who enjoy Gun Game could actually find a match! According to what I have seen, usually, there are ONLY 500 PEOPLE ON AT ONCE. Half play Team Deathmatch. We need to fix this to make the game fun for everyone. Also, to Sledgehammer games, I recommend making a mode like CS:GO, with no iron sights and 20 preset classes.Overall, Advanced Warfare is one of the most triumphant games of 2014-2015. How it might not be as good as some games like GTA V, it is a remarkable game that is worth your time AND MONEY. I hope this review has helped you."
76561198049240558,Recommended,209650,13404943,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,DeathmatchMaster,good game
,Not Recommended,209650,15140583,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,EcLiPsE_,"Just dont buy this game its a terrible, glitchy,restrictive pile of crap. if you want to buy a competative multiplayer go buy battlefield 4 or Call Of Duty 4 the single player in cod 4 is probably better than aw.Both combined are cheaper and will give more of an entertaining time. The further into the future Call of Duty goes the worse it gets"
,Recommended,209650,12872016,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Natra,"(May Contain Spoilers!!!!) So I'm firstly going to give a review on the campaign, which I found to be ""Ok"". I defin. think this game has a better storyline than Ghosts and MW3, but I feel like the entire campaign experience comes short of what they achieved in MW1, MW2, and Black Ops 1. One of my least favorite parts about the campaign of Advanced Warfare was it was short, and felt very rushed, I completed it in 6 hours and I am not fast at completing campaign modes of games. I felt that they could have spent more time on parts of the story and more missions. Also I thought that them bringing in Kevin Spacey meant something that so much of our modern world is entranced in right now, the chance to play the bad guy. Considering our recent obsessions with shows like Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones, and House of Cards I feel that it would be obvious to Activision to finally give us the chance to be the bad guy in a game..instead of playing (America killin dos nasty terrorists, russians, or some guy trying to take over the world). To me, I assumed Kevin Spacey meant we would be playing w/ Atlas the entire time, even though they are the bad guys, or even better, a choice at a key point in the game giving u the chance to side w/ Jonathan Irons (Kevin Spacey) or siding w/ America. What I did like about Advanced Warfare was the maps and environment you get to fight in, such as Antartica, Golden Gate Bridge, and New Baghdad. These futuristic representations of these places we know today were very interesting and fun to fight inside of, and defin. a positive part of the game, just like how fighting in Washington D.C in MW2 was such an amazing part of the game. So overall I give the Campaign a 7/10, meaning I think it was fine, I don't feel ripped off by Activision, but I also don't feel super excited for the next Advanced Warfare. The Multiplayer i actually feel is a big positive to the game, because for the first time in ever, they have changed both the movement and the gameplay of the game. Now to be honest it has become very similar to Titanfall, but that doesn't really bother me because at least i'm having fun in the multiplayer now. Also it is important to note that it is very fast paced now, w/ no respawn timers, somewhat small maps, and the ability to fly across them fastly you can respawn, kill, and die in less than 10 seconds. Whether this is a positive to you or not is up to you, but for me I enjoyed it, so i'd give the multiplayer a 8.5/10. So should you buy this game, I think so, but just keep in mind its defin. not the best game out of the Call of Duty franchise."
,Recommended,209650,15717498,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,CodeZ,"i bought this and i cannot connect to online services what so ever, immediate help would be very mcuh appreciated"
76561198041194259,Not Recommended,209650,14668156,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tridave,"WHOOPS! We ♥♥♥♥ed up the dlc. Its fun, but its just a very bad port. Get this for console."
76561198054991958,Not Recommended,209650,14593922,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Daniel,"The game is great, but the biggest problem is no one plays it on pc. It can takes hours just to find a S and D match. Basically the only gametype you can play is tdm. Definitley buying the next one for Xbox"
,Not Recommended,209650,15877668,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Total Coaster,Can't find any lobby0/10
,Not Recommended,209650,12958016,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SaucyWings,I couldnt even tell you if the game is good or not becuase it will start but wont connect to any servers tried reinstalling as well as game cache and other main solution but no luck 1/10 until further notice
,Recommended,209650,12873409,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SiRGuFF,Call of Lasers.
76561198044253370,Not Recommended,209650,12929047,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Voble,balhit regserverspingno variety
,Not Recommended,209650,12832086,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hybrid;$,Best Money Waste Simulator 2014.
,Recommended,209650,13231169,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,whomst,dis game has sweg
76561198002280668,Recommended,209650,15145093,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dwigt,Not as bad as it could have been...
,Not Recommended,209650,18738495,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,s1Lv3RVortex,Probably the worst COD game of the series...Its all downhill since COD 4...This coming from a played who's been playing since the WWII series games.
76561198119557080,Recommended,209650,13651630,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,"Ishmael ""Brown-Brown"" Beah","Ok, I'm going to clear something up;this game is great!  What I wanted to say was the reason that there are so many negative reviews is that there are a bunch of butthurt people who bought the game and suck at it or bought it without knowing that their computer would not be able to handle it.  THIS IS A GOOD GAME, BUT DO NOT BUY IT IF YOU'RE COMPUTER CANNOT HANDLE IT!"
76561198056312995,Recommended,209650,13657893,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ExplodingCrumpets,despit every one who seems to hate it im going to recomend this game as the multiplayer is fun and the exosuits are a brilliant idea that makes the game feel twice as fun first COD multiplayer to innovate in years
,Recommended,209650,14186134,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ksker,im the true mlg player
76561198176202151,Not Recommended,209650,14928032,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,halerazor80,"after 4 years of playing COD on xbox with over 250 days played this game was the last straw, Horrible spawns, weapon balance, kill streaks suck, everyone runs blind eye and of course the COD community. Thank you activision for ruining COD for thousands of people and making me switch to PC :)"
76561198179770825,Recommended,209650,14816355,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,sdzxd2,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,209650,14759553,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ylikollikas,"Hello! Here is quick list of things that I like and dont like about this game.This review only touches multplayer, so nothing to read about singleplayer here.pros:+new exo movement is fun and gives more feeling of ""freedom"" (constant jumping in gunfights can get frustrating sometimes tho)+supply drops. these are kinda like weapon cases from csgo/battlepacks from bf4. These give; weapon variants that have different look and stats than base weapon, cosmetic items (like shoes, hats, exos ect..), double xp, rapid supply and useless care packages.+scorestreak attachments that increase their cost, but makes them more effective (ofc)+best audio in any fps I have played (maybe?)+exo zombies is really good (but you have acces to it only if you buy havoc DLC :/ )cons:-skill based matchmaking in casual lobbies (I know other cods have this too, but its a lot stronger this time)-fps capped at 91-gun balance feels poor; too less guns that are worth using-em1 gets increased fire rate at higher fps. So it can have over 50% better fire rate than intented, which makes it extremely overpowered-buyable supply drops are confirmed (already available on xbox)-random black screens when playing on 4K (this doesnt happen to me in any other games)Total score: 8/10Cons of this game or quite minor compared pros. This game is totally worth buying if you were wating for true changes to cod, but if you dont like special movement and laser guns this game might not be for you."
76561198094648272,Recommended,209650,14740728,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CaptainTitties,white people can jump here
76561198113594298,Not Recommended,209650,12864309,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Steven_is_NUTZ,"This game is a complete disgrace! I had to suffer more than 20 crashes of this game in the campaign alone! The game couldn't even be canceled through task manager. One had to restart the computer for the game to function at all again.Seriously! this is what I payed $60 for? I would have prefered being beaten, mugged, and humiliated, in front of my own boyfriend; taken to a brothel where they throw golden plastic coins at my face. Dressing like a woman for their pleasure,  than to suffer through the ignominious indignation I feel for making such a poor decision to buy this product.Gameplay is the fun part. It is shooting FREAKING LAZER BEAMS into people while jetpacking cloaked with an ultra high powered exo suits that punch people across rooms! What isn't fun about that? The only complaint is that there is no sniper mission. That dumb drone doesn't count.The Campaign's story line is, well, this isn't Band of Brothers, and it is predictable at best.HOWEVER, the biggest Golden Globe goes out to the incredible performance of Kevin Spacey as Frank Underwood as the so forgettable; John Irons. This was the biggest fanservice a fan of House of Cards could get: Frank Underwood with ABSOLUTLEY no restraint. The originality of Bob Irons' character is outstanding. The Lead Writer, a big House of Cards fan, I pressume, was stoked when the studio or whatever the creator of this particular game is called, I don't care, said to make a ruthless, intimidating, and badass Machiavelian CEO, what better inspiration than Frank ""F$&@ing"" Underwood as a bold, ruthless, pragmatic, badass Machiavelian leader?This however, was just a copypasta rather than inspiration. The writer just made Frank Underwood star as himself as a CEO with no restraint or remorse. I'm not complainig though. The performance was stellar and extremely enjoyable for as long as it lasted. Although I am still a bit confused as to Jack Irons' exact motivations were to begin such brutal, merciless, war. I'll never forget the cutscene shown right after the protagonist and two friend are captured. Much Holocaust. If I'm wrong in the judgement of the acting performance, then that is because it is a justification for my wasted money. The little things, right? Damn, Gotta go watch some House of Cards now.Multiplayer is unplayable, unsurprisingly, as there is a crash every 1-2 matches. I feel accomplished and blessed when I am able to connect to 3 consecutive games. This is not what happenned to the CODs of before, did it? Has hype and blind faith toward a franchise blinded all its fans of the mediocrity of this game's standards and performance?I remember a Golden Age Like in COD 4 MW, or COD WaW. I know they are not the same but come on, they were little hassle when playing online. Times in which one could easily connect to some games and Pwn nome n00bs. All within minutes.Is there going to be a fix for this horrendous abomination called a game? Will there be restitution? Will there be complete and utter OBLIVION to the n00bs and dweebs that i so much enjoy owning online?The answer, to all those questions is a big, fat, NO.UNLESS!!! and a big fat IF, the developers get their bee's wax together and patch the damn game!Until then, judgement is awaiting the n00bs.I hope you enjoyed my sincere review, have a splendid day! :D"
,Recommended,209650,13756055,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,mike71,"Excellent video quality, storyline is really addictive, maybe too short in Single Player.The multiplayer is pretty cool, some weapons are OP and should be corrected in futur patches.The best COD at the moment."
76561197998954831,Recommended,209650,13908701,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,AmitWolf,i am so love the multiplayer and this is the best call of duty game of all the time :) and i keep playing this :)
76561198081229849,Not Recommended,209650,15641580,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,McDowie,hax 4 dayz
76561198068036477,Recommended,209650,15661658,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,TouchedByJesus,"This game was actually quite enjoyable, I haven't played 4 too long but after playing and comparing to past masterpieces(MW3, Black Ops 2) I can say this is a solid game, with good gun mechanics, one gripe I have is not with the game but the community, I don't know if it's just me or not but the servers are dead. I can't find anyone online in multiplayer, if anyone's facing the same problem send me a request so that we can play together or something, because I remember the multiplayer being amazing"
,Recommended,209650,15654080,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,terryyen77,เป็นเกม COD อีกภาคหนึ่งที่ผมว่าสนุกมากสนุกที่สุดตั้งแต่ MW2 เป็นต้นมาเป็นภาคที่มีพัฒนาการชัดเจนที่สุดโดยเฉพาะเรื่องกราฟฟิคที่สวยงามมากที่สุดในบรรดาเกมเดินยิงทั้งหลายที่มีอยู่ในตลาดขณะนี้ผมซื้อมาตั้งแต่เกมออกวันแรก ประทับใจมากภาพสวยสัดๆ ยิ่งกว่าBF4 แต่กลับลื่นไหลมากๆผมใช้ intel i5 2500k + GTX 770 ปรับสุดทุกอย่าง 1080p ได้ลื่นๆ 40-60 fps จนจบเกมลูกเล่นของชุดExoและอาวุธไฮเทค ถือว่าทำได้ดีมากๆและที่สำคัญเนื้อเรื่องยังเข้มข้น มีที่มาที่ไป เล่าเรื่องได้น่าติดตามเช่นเคยเอาไปเลยผมให้ 9/10...จนกระทั้งมันอัพเดทใหม่ ปลายเดือนเมษายน 2015ไม่รู้มันไปทำเชี่ยไร อัพเดทตั้งหลาย GBกราฟฟิกไม่ได้มีส้นตีนอะไรเพิ่มมาเลย แต่เฟรมเรทกลับเลือ 30-40 fpsและจะวูบเป็น 5-10 fps แทบจะทุกครั้งที่ขยับเมาส์แรงๆบางฉากถึงกับค้างเป็นภาพนิ่งประมาณครึ่งวินาที เห็นว่ากันว่าการ์ดจอแรม 2GB ไม่พอแต่ถ้าเป็นคนที่เครื่องแรงๆพวก i7+ GTX TITAN เห็นเขาไม่เป็นไรกันนะก็ไม่รู้ว่ามันเขียนโค้ดอัพเดทกันยังไง ให้แดกสเปกมากกว่าเดิมสรุป ถ้าคนยังไม่มีเกมนี้ อย่าเพิ่งซื้อตอนนี้ให้รอหาข้อมูลจนกว่าจะยืนยันได้ว่า มันอัพเดท patch ใหม่ ให้เกมกลับมาลื่นๆเหมือนเดิมแต่ถ้ามีเครื่องแรง การ์ดแรงอยู่แล้ว จัดเลยครับ ไม่ต้องรอเกมดีจริง ติดตรงที่อัพเดทแล้ว performance ห่วยลงนี่สิ
,Not Recommended,209650,25032771,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Opsgeek,Just Awful.. 0/10
,Not Recommended,209650,12840624,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,@Max,"The Campaign is great! Multiplayer not so great...Peer to Peer hosting needs to stop, This is the 21st century. This type of hosting cause lots of errors such as lag, Terrible bullet registry losing 1v1 gun fights even if you shot them 3 times first.Also this is a big issue. When you are getting shot and you run to cover on your screen you are behind cover, but on the other players screen that is shooting at you, you are still running to that cover. So you die when on your screen you are behind cover and get rubber banded back to where you died on the other players screen. This is verry terrible and is ruining everyones expereince.As of right now the situation is soon as you get a kill you get killed. Soon as you spot another player and you fire first you get killed. Soon as you spawn you get killed. The only way to get kills is take someone by surprise and then you get killed. Currently its a kill/death trade off system which is terrible.Some of the guns are unbalanced like the rifle that shoots the lazer. Does way to much damage and seem to auto target where it hits the other player if you are aiming on them and shooting.There are no dedicated servers yet and no announcement yet for them.Hell THERE HAS BEEN NO ANNOUNCEMENT ON ANY CHANGED/FIXES/OR ANYTHING TO COME YET!WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS GOING ON!This game has serious potential to change Call of Duty forever, Alot of people actually like the game and yet they ignore it.My ratings are8/10 For Campaign4/10 For Multiplayer, This rating could change if they would put some work into the game.1/10 For Listing to feedback from the players (Which there is alot of) and implementing changes.Please Fix this game!I Would not reccomend buying this game unless they put in dedicated server.Other than that you will have a bad time."
,Not Recommended,209650,13003989,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,パンツお食べる,"Don't buy into the hype! Bought the digital pro edition ($99.99) and was throughly disappointed! Multiplayer is the same brainless gallery shooter we come to know with call of duty with the addition of jet packs... No dedicated servers means that servers are going to lag 70% of the time your playing and that really is frustrating when your trying to play something this fast-paced.Is it worth it for the story?I had a pleasant time with Kevin Spacey but that doesn't warrant this high price smacked onto this game, knowing the past call of duty sales (usually 15-20% off) avoid this game like the plague!"
76561198007138244,Not Recommended,209650,12916564,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Schabracke,"I thought this new jetpack feature would change gameplay in a major way but i was dissapointed. Now it is just dying faster and explosions everywhere. There is no frontline you will get killed from spawned enemies behind you all the time.I play videogames for fun not to show skills or anything like that. If you have one of those overskilled sniper montage guys in your random lobby youre pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed. Surely it requires skill to give someone a headshot in millliseconds around the corner but it is just not funny if you are that guy who receives this headshot. And because there are no community servers i cant play with guys like me who just want to have fun. It is no challenge to be better than someone who does not want to play on your level.Lets make a quick example of this: If you drive an old 75hp mazda 121 and you overtake a porsche on a highway it does not make you a good driver and it does not make your car faster. He is just not interested in you.Lately there were no good games released at all, i know, but just keep on playing those good old games. Advanced Warfare is not worth your time. It is a bad game. And it is getting worse every year... I miss Modern Warfare 1."
76561198015947845,Not Recommended,209650,12984716,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,KU$H CH@OS,It's a joke     Made for HOPPERS  and little children!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198015886210,Not Recommended,209650,12976270,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tellus,"First the good.  Game has amazing graphics and the exo abilities do enhance the multiplayer game.Then the bad.  Overall this one stinks.  No anti-cheat software, just the right venue for hackers, many hacked lobbies on the first day.  Connectivity sucks as well.  Lag rules and the game looses network connecivity about every 10-15 minutes so you must try 5-6 times before you can re-connect. Game needs dedicated servers, not this peer to peer or what ever bs.    I have a new, fast machine and graphics card and still in hardcore mode have to get at least 4 hits on meeting engagements before i can defeat an opponent in most games. That is when he even appears before he kills me.   Really disapointed and will not be buying and downloadable content unless Activision gets it's act together."
76561198043185832,Not Recommended,209650,12999336,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mgjans,I've never written a review before but this game just forces me to.. Especially since i paid full price.The campaign is boring as always.. Basically bought this for Multiplayer which is unplayable.. After the latest patch it's a bit better at peak hours but most of the time i don't stand a chance. I shoot people they leisurely turn around and kill me..I'm by no means an expert at these games but i did decent in MW3/BO2 (around 1.4k/d). In this game my scores are all over the place depending on how laggy it is. It's honestly Ridicoulous..
76561198046213775,Not Recommended,209650,12995740,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Scarmadouche,"I loved the story, but I still can't access the multiplayer. I have tried all the tips and tricks and still nothing. Steam Support and Activisions support is useless. So I spent 60 dollars for a story I beat in just 6 hours. I am dissapointed in that."
,Not Recommended,209650,12997963,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Agent Felko,"Same old same old, just faster paced. Really wish I would not have bought."
,Not Recommended,209650,12977925,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,The Ninjaneer,"PLEASE READ: I have logged roughly 16 hours of multiplayer time. If it says something more along the lines of 1 or 2 hours, that's because Steam is only reporting the singleplayer time played due to what I can assume to be just how they calculate things.SHORT REVIEW, IN PROGRESS:MULTIPLAYER: A great setting with some interesting changes, Advanced Warfare incorporates new elements while still keeping the feel that the series is known for. While some may argue that this iteration may have ripped off content from other games, let it be known that while some of that criticism may be deserved, I personally believe a large portion does not. There are, after all, only so may ideas of what warfare in the future could be without spilling into already charted waters.With that said, the game is crippled with connection issues. The refusal for the developer and/or publisher to use ""true"" dedicated servers and the decision to use the P2P or, at best, weird central-server-yet-not, system means that connections are inconsistent. While I can reliably connect in other games, Advanced Warfare has been a rare chance of getting a smooth game. Normally, I wouldn't freak out over it, as every Call of Duty has had connection issues in its first few weeks (not that that is acceptable, but rather simply expected anymore). However, I'm not seeing a trend in increasing quality of connection. This game, frankly, is unplayable a large portion of the time, which is sad, because when it works, I REALLY like this iteration. It's also of note that most playlists are empty: unless you want to play Team Deathmatch or Free-for-All, be prepared to wait a while to get in a game, if at all. It feels like no one is playing, even though Steam stats say otherwise.Do I like the game itself? Yes. Am I still going to try to play it? Probably. Do I recommend it, however? Honestly, with the current state of things, I just wouldn't feel right doing that. I like Call of Duty, but only when I can actually play it. I suspect that if it looks interesting, you might be better of on console, as that might have the larger player base and a better chance of getting good games. Purely speculation, though, as I have shifted focus to PC per personal preference.DISCLOSURE: My Call of Duty experience includes, ignoring demos and playing at friends' houses, MW2 on PC, BO1 and BO2 on PS3, and then finally this game on PC. Game series like this and Battlefield are really fun to me, and I wish I had more choices of game with this type of feel (as opposed to Counter-Strike, Team Fortress 2, etc. I like those too and have racked up a fair amount of hours on TF2 for good reason, it's fun, but it's different flavors of the genre). I don't buy every iteration that comes out, however, I'm learning more and more to wait it out for more than just a couple days before I take the plunge."
76561198035866236,Not Recommended,209650,13028070,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MurderDeathKill,3 weeks in and it is still unplayable.
76561198045815481,Not Recommended,209650,12977737,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,El Capitan,"Poor game uptime, Poor player matching, site frequently down or can't connect to a game.  Definitely not worth the money at this time.Lots of potential, great new features, but there's better out there."
76561197988485228,Not Recommended,209650,12986192,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Holycow_90,"Well, I got Call of Duty Advanced Warfare, looks good and play's well, when I can get online, I can never connect to the servers I have no idea why, and I can't even fiend out how I can get refunded, I boght this game to play it, not to watch the login screen telling me I can't connect"
76561198146961769,Not Recommended,209650,13121301,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,petty murder (907),I LIKE THE GAME BUT CANT DO WELL.   DO NOT LIKE JET PACKS. IT MORE SCIENCE FICTION THAN REAL LIFE COMBAT. MAPS ARE NOT THE QUALITY OF BLK. OPS II.
76561198025694786,Not Recommended,209650,13255764,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,BaSHKaR,В двух словах :Игра г*вн*Не тратьте на нее свои деньги - она не стоит и рубля.Two words:S**t gameDo not waste your money on it - it is not worth a dollar.
76561198090444685,Not Recommended,209650,13352365,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Gimp Batman,"It takes all of the fun of waiting in Call of Duty lobbies and makes it into a truly memorable experience. You will find yourself asking why you spent $60 on a game with only 5 active matches, which are only on TDM. The rest of the time you will be surfing from playlist to playlist hoping that a lobby will open up, only to discover you are the only one trying to play that mode."
,Not Recommended,209650,13097966,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SilentPuppyFart,"Never going to buy another COD game again.  The number of bugs, issues with hardware, issues with gameplay are too numberous to put here.  I can not believe that they allowed this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥sell.  I'm done with pre-orders, I'm done with Call of Duty."
,Not Recommended,209650,13411615,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,null,"Do not waste your money on this piece of trash game... One of the worst cod games that have come, I'd rather play Barbie Online than this game ever in my life... I wish i could refund this piece of crap, 60 dollars wasted. Never buying a cod game ever again, rip."
,Not Recommended,209650,12982526,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Agent,"ATTENTION! DON'T EVEN THINK OF BUYING THIS GAME UNTIL THEY FIX THE NETCODE ISSUES!well another year,another november,another Call of Duty title. the series in my opinion has been on the decline since Modern Warfare 2, so how does Advanced Warfare holds up? to begin with the campaign is incredibly predictable with every single action movie cliche you can think of,as the campaign begins you already know who is going to backstab you and become the new villain,its the same linear style modern military shooter campaign you have seen before,with a few twists such as now you have an exosuit with some neat abilities and the possibility to double jump like in Crysis. UNFORTUNATELY this feature is BARELY useful in the campaign,i never used the exosuit abilities because first its mapped to ``N`` on the keyboard (seriously?) and second you quickly forget about them. but honestly the campaign is actually fun,lets just say that its a nice Michael Bay action movie, full of plotholes,forgettable story,forgettable characters (except for Johnathan Irons),fun action sequencesnow lets talk about the main reason everyone buys Call of Duty: the Multiplayer. its the best Call of Duty Multiplayer since Call of Duty 4,unlike the campaign,the exosuit creates a really fun twist in the movement,now you can double jump allowing you to reach higher areas and engage your enemies airborne. UNFORTUNATELY there is a fatal flaw that KILLS the multiplayer and its the main reason for why i don't recommend this game (for now) the netcode is god awful,causing issues like rubberbanding and lag to happen in a constant fashion. this wouldn't be a problem if the game had dedicated servers,instead it uses peer-to-peer,which is in my opinion unacceptable for a ``Next-Gen`` game.Call of Duty needs a killer title to stop its flaming descent,its sad to see a once good franchise lose its way"
76561198023141049,Not Recommended,209650,13083815,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,NightRaven131,Low version of Titanfall + Server down +Hacker + Small map + Sniper (no needed in small map) = Advanced is not advanced.
76561198058485926,Not Recommended,209650,13277843,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Holden McNeil,"I thought Call of Duty: Ghosts had a bad muliplayer experience because of things like lag.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare takes the cake. This is the only game I've ever truly regetted purchasing simply due to the horrible online multiplayer experience being so terrible. Which is the primary reason I, and I'm sure most of the other people who play call of duty, got the game for."
76561198056824475,Not Recommended,209650,12997732,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔMyNameIsJordan,"This game have the best campaign I ever played, but the multiplayer was very disappointed.Bad things about the multiplayer mode.1) The guns are not very balance.2) The multiplayer have very less players, I hope you guys can mix everyone around the world and there will be more players.3) No DEDICATED SERVERS.4) Worst spawn system ever..."
,Not Recommended,209650,19230489,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Shyvana,"I cannot recommend this game. The Campaign feels rather rushed and doesn't feel like an actual story. The EXO suits only make it worse as it's unbalanced (At least to me anyway.) The multiplayer is trash and do not recommend playing unless you're an idiot who likes making fun of people because of how they play. (Same as any other Call of Duty games.) The survival is, alright but it doesn't give the same feeling as it did for me in MW3, which is a big disappointment. Don't get me started on the zombies. They had to get permission to put zombies into their game. It has no story and doesn't give the same feeling as any other zombies did. The exo suits in zombies make me want to throw up and will never ever be counted as zombies in my books. When I say this it will never feel like World at war or the Black Ops series zombies. The whole game has my greatest of dislikes."
76561198047868578,Not Recommended,209650,33447640,Posted: 10 July,all,jcbvickers,"I'm basing my score off of the story only, so bear that in mind.  Don't buy the game.  The story has some really cool moments but overall it's just so far away from where it needed to be.  A lot of the times the characters are talking to HQ or whateveer and they're just saying things that sound like they would be cool just because they're military terms.  I mean jeez man enough is enough with the constant use of words that are just too long for a real situation.  I am no moron so I understood what was happening it's just that characters would talk for about 5 minutes and say the same thing like 3 times just different ways.  Also my frame drop at points was unreal."
,Recommended,209650,13559427,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LBJ♕,i like this game
,Recommended,209650,13087941,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Spaghetti Sauce,"Running Shader Preload causes long loading times during SP but not MP.Not running Shader Preload makes the loading time much shorter but the game stutters like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the first 5 mins of gameplay both in SP and MP.Anyway to the story. I liked the gameplay. Definitely had the usual COD feeling to it but it felt different. Much diferent. The story wasn't amazing. Characters were bland, I felt no attachment to them unlike previous characters from COD games. The villain wasn't as interesting as Makarov, Shepard and Raul. I liked the settings, especially for the first mission. The advanced technology concept are interesting. They have another stealth mission but it's extreme bland compared to COD4's ""All Ghillied Up"" or MW2's ""Cliffhanger."" Mainly because it consisted of spamming cloak.The MP community is definitely dead as of recently. I can barely find Domination matches. Also there is some weird glitch going around where certain maps (such as ""Defender"") cause people to get stuck at ""sychronizing game settings"" during loading time.I recommend this game if you are extremely bored or a big  COD fan."
,Not Recommended,209650,13464633,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,KURVYNATION.COM,Can't play many boards- Known issue. No solutions.
76561198119593701,Recommended,209650,14953282,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Stop Breathing,"Great Call of Duty experience, and probably one of the best so far. Some of the maps and features have some very bad lag issues, but overall its a fun and enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,209650,13111153,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dirk Decker,"Single Player is Decent, Multiplayer is already full of hackers."
,Recommended,209650,22141646,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Wallace,At least it isnt ghosts
,Recommended,209650,14011777,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tree Trunk,"Its always hard to judge COD games since we all grow to love the one right before it, but I think the Exo is a great addition to the Multiplayer and the Story Mode is killer.  I Mean: Kevin Spacey for heavens sake!"
,Recommended,209650,15211201,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NAKANO,Lasers! LAAAASEEEEERRRRRRSSSS!!!!
76561198027802069,Not Recommended,209650,12868230,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ZaiKoni,Well its basically the same CoD as any cod game out there. I wouldent reccomend to buy this game as we have to teach those developers to finally make proper CoD game....
,Not Recommended,209650,12916910,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,LBT,"Updated review.It plays ok but it's your typical COD game, and the lag it annoying as there still isn't any good dedicated servers.  Also in recent times people have become obessed with lasers, frankly it's more of the same just with jet packs.Meanwhile the single player story is obvious from a mile off, yet entertaining.Worth playing but don't expect a evolution in COD gaming."
,Recommended,209650,12870443,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,yung hitty,"Suprisingly, this game is a Yes.I recommend 11/Skrillex 420 would blaze again sideways.(serious review)"
,Recommended,209650,12946900,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ebu,"This is a vast improvement over the recent CoD games, especially that last one(Ghosts). CoD has been on the decline for a while and I was losing hope in the series. This is the CoD that fixes almost everything wrong with the previous games. I was never a huge fan of the series since CoD 4, but I find this to be the one that is up to par with CoD4.I have been finding the single player to be one of the best in the series, with a great story and characters that are fleshed out. The campaign has a great pace and the addition of the exo suit add so much more mobility to the game with the jet pack and cloak and many other abilities to change things up. The campaign also has a great length, taking about 7 to 8 hours to complete.The multiplayer, well has not changed much. I really don`t like it tbh. All i can say is that it`s noob friendly.I run a Galaxy GTX780ti Hall of Fame Edition."
,Not Recommended,209650,12931497,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Marc Zeh Great,"To be honest the campaign in this game is really good, but the multiplayer is just like every COD except for the factthat everyone is moving faster. Also the multiplayer gets really boring after 5 matches. I would suggest you dont get this game unless you're into the campaign. It's just a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,209650,12869115,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Circassia,"I should preface this by saying this review is based entirely on the Multiplayer portion of the game, I have no experience with the single player.If you want skill based shooter gameplay that's at least somewhat competitive, I cannot recommend this games.Here are a list of problems that I find makes the game unenjoyable from a competitive or skill based perspective.90hz FPS cap. No, you cannot make use of your 120/144hz monitor. at least not fully.125hz polling rate cap, go above that on your mouse, and it'll be like a ghost grabbed ahold of it. Acceleration all over the place.No dedicated servers. Player hosting and host advantage are alive and well, too often, with the lack of any TTK above 0.05seconds, you will just get killed by players that don't even have you in LoS yet, or you check a corner, no ones there, turn and instantly get killed by someone at the corner you just checked. You'll get instagibbed from every angle all the time.Standard CoD gunplay, high ROF, hitscan, perfectly accurate weaponry, means instant death, and instant kills. So if you expect to learn to handle weapons and get good, don't. It's just point and shoot, spray and pray all the time, with no learning curve.The maps are also terrible.It's a shame, I had heard so many good things about this game, but ultimately I am left disappointed, and would rather I had not purchased it in the first place. I suppose it can remain some mindless fun tho. Was not what I expected at all.It's not all bad though, if you just want some casual fun, this game delivers on that front. The addition of the exo suit, creating quick paced double jump and dodging has a reminiscent feel of the old arena shooters like Unreal Tournament. So if you don't want a challenge, and don't want a learning curve with a prospect of eventually getting good, this is a good game for you.Many of these issues could be fixed in future updates, so I will revise this review if/as the issues are resolved."
76561197961495968,Not Recommended,209650,12948459,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DocD,"Predictable very short Story, some Graphics and Physics Bugs, Scripted Events are predictable and sometimes downright stupid - i.e. One Car with a bazillion guys spawning from it, just to keep the ""tension"" coming. Maybe I'm too old for this, but I thought we had a better understanding of how a story driven game should work. Its definitly not worth to spend 60 Bugs on this and I will never do that again.I just played the Single Player, so I cannot and will not say anything about the Multiplayer.Ps. By the way: Next time you come up with the idea of standing in the blast radius of a launching Rocket, plz ask a physicist, and mention that you are carrying and FIRING Ammunition at said rocket. Totally killed that experience for me."
76561198119254399,Not Recommended,209650,13001767,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,DrowsyMuppet,"4 days now and I still cant login and play muiltiplayer. Do NOT BUY. DOESNT WORK, and when it did work it lags to the point of almost unplayable. My comp was 1200$, its not my hardwear. Too bad, could have been the best COD of all time, BUT I CANT FREAKING PLAY IT or recomend for campain. $60 is not worth 5 hours of Kevin Spacey, (almost). This SUCKS!!!!! Just want to play the gd gameUpdate:::: It has been 8 days now, have tried to connect at leasr 10xs a day. Fuc* preorders, NEVER again. This and Watch_dogs are my only preorders ever, Im on a rollDay 16. Still canot play. Called activistion and spent 2 hours resolving nothing. The tech verified that the problem was not on my end. Has been 3 days and am supposed to get an email in an umknown amount of time. Sooooo fustratedDay???. Has almosr been a month now, still cannot play"
,Recommended,209650,19366420,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ouros,"My favorite Cod,Really fast multiplayer game style, <3"
,Not Recommended,209650,19413377,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ιʍρισusCrαfŧ,Not as great as I was expecting it to be.IDK why it tells me I got 0.2 hrs or record when i know I have at least 15 hrs.Don't buy this COD it is nothing special.
,Not Recommended,209650,14610298,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Red Rosie,"the game is decent the only thing i dislike is the dashing you have to spray 90% of the time to kill anyone since everyone is way to mobile and the only playable gamemode is TDM since theres only like a 1,000 people on the game at once at any given time"
,Recommended,209650,13339071,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Moon,"This game is really fun. Dont know what people are talking about laggy games, as long as you are running ethernet you will be fine."
,Recommended,209650,12830049,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kellywebr,"okay, it doesnt have dedicated servers, but its not as bad as everyone complains about. ive never been in a lobby where lag was an issue, and i play hardcore so everything beyond a sneeze will kill you so OP guns arent an issue. dont be mad when your 560 wont play it. COD isnt a realistic shooter, its an arcade shooter. its 12 people locked in a small map with guns that kill eachother for points, if youre looking for realism, i have no idea why youre playing COD. Go play battlefield. Im not a fanboy by any means, i will hate ghosts until the day i die. the game hasnt been out for a week yet, give devs a chance to work things out11/9 update:I still havent experienced any ussues of lag when im on my home network. ive been playing at MSU over the weekend, and that had some lag, but michigan states wifi network sucks and only gets about 6mbps up/down. ive been reading reviews and i hear a lot of complaining about frame rate drops, another thing ive never experienced. ive also played this on my laptop (i7 4810, 860M) and never experienced issues once the appropriate settings were applied.One issue i did encounter was trying to run the game at 120fps caused WASD movement and mouse aiming to be nonexistant. this was fixed by lowering the fps cap from 120 to 95. No issues since.I really think the main reason for a lot of the negative reviews is the idea that just because you play on PC, you can have ultra crazy settings, so people get issues when their graphics card cant handle something or their CPU bottlenecks performance. I dont particularly care for going out of my way to defend a game, i just hate all the false information being spead."
76561198281113364,Recommended,209650,30208191,Posted: 26 February,all,tigereltoro,"Aweseom, really cool adventure. Worth buying the singe campaign."
,Recommended,209650,12889522,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MXW,With the recent updated they fixed the server lag (kinda). Im not giving this game a bad review just because there are no dedicated servers.... Activision will never let them back in so dont get your hopes up. The gameplay is great and the ideas of the game is great as well. Yes there are frame stutters and lag spikes but what ever i can deal with it.  They really need to take out the EM1 (laser gun) from the game because if you join a domination game thats usually all people use and its annoying as f☺☺☺. Other then that the game is great.Pc- SpecsGpu R9 280x x2Cpu- fx-6350 w/ coolermaster hyper 212 evoPsu- 750w Corsair GoldRam- 12gb corsair vengeance 2133mhzHdd- 1TB seagate Barricuda
,Not Recommended,209650,18238550,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,2box,"When I bought it, it didn't run on my rig. Now that I can run it, I'm not able to find a single game with players. And also, the game asks me to purchaes some DLC to play exo zombies although y already have the gold edition.Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209650,15792524,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,★★★,Pretty nice game
76561198152990326,Recommended,209650,15795960,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,THE D,badass as ♥♥♥♥ son
76561198069116099,Not Recommended,209650,12855478,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,noname,"Could anyone tell me how do I fix this issue ""pc specification does not meet the requirements"". I paid the full amount and I do not think this is right for the developers to lock the game with this method. AT LEAST YOU SHOULD HAVE INFORMED US ABOUT THIS ISSUE COULD BE HAPPENING MAN! NOT AFTER THE PAYMENT!"
76561198017687089,Recommended,209650,15636601,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TheLonelyPrawn,"Was a bit unsure about the jetbacks, but this really is what COD had to go to, truly a great game!"
,Not Recommended,209650,13610997,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,diskreet,"COD AW could be a great game, but the team balancing is completely useless. You know you're going to win or lose within 30 seconds of starting a match. I honestly can't tell if it's deliberately putting all the worst players on one team with one good player every time."
76561198081221069,Not Recommended,209650,13870499,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,:-) Brandon,"Complete garbage i cant even play it, apparently the call of duty service is never available, I'm never going to buy a call of duty game again."
76561198062362812,Not Recommended,209650,13016736,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Vexy,The Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare service is not available at this time. Please try again later
,Recommended,209650,13322538,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Buzzbrad™,"Great FPS game, love the new movement system. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,209650,13483030,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Klosjaarrr,Really nice game :D
76561198134406652,Not Recommended,209650,12818433,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,adandinz,this is an utter disappointment..
,Recommended,209650,16997971,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BAM Nova,"Well ill put it this way - The game is very hard to play at first (5 hours of gameplay to get used to it) then as you become familier with the controls and movement its easy.Guns in AW are a big problem due to some varients being awful compared to others.Luckily i got a speakeasy so i didnt have that problem for long.Dedicated servers need to be put in, lag in some matches results in unplaable games.Campaign is pretty decentI'd give this game 8/10"
76561198088931639,Recommended,209650,18945433,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TheTechHazard,good
76561198052595802,Recommended,209650,13334881,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,BenDover,"I would recommend this version of COD, it is radically different than any of the previous games It is a fast paced game with a bit of a learning curve but throughly enjoyable. The only thing I would warn potential players about is the rampant cheating within the PC version, so be prepared for lag switching, aim bots and wall hacks (PS the VAC system seems almost non-existant) However, dont let the cheaters ruin this cool experience for you. When you play against non-cheaters it is exciting (there are more honest platers than cheats)."
76561198205254257,Not Recommended,209650,33066732,Posted: 30 June,all,GLaDOS,"Framerate is too low to do anthing, Exo zombies doesn't load and no-one plays anymore so you can't get many games. Play it if you know how to fix it, but if not don't play."
76561198109599500,Not Recommended,209650,12975015,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,knifed_again,THIS IS THE WORST CALL OF DUTY EVER....DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY....WITH ALL THESE NEW FEATURES YOU THINK IT WOULD BE MORE RUN AND GUN BUT ITS THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE....IF YOU LIKE TO SIT AND CAMP YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME.....THIS GAME MAKES GHOSTS LOOK LIKE THE GREATESTS GAME EVER MADE....THE GAME ALSO HAS THE FEEL OF A GAME MADE FIVE YEARS AGO.....DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME
76561198040215054,Recommended,209650,13363151,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Duke of Skellington,"Naturally, my first review sucked, so I'll try again. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a good addition to the already excellent Call of Duty series of first person shooter games. The singleplayer campaign is incredible, with beautiful performances from talents such as Troy Baker, Gideon Emery, and of course, Emmy winning actor Kevin Spacey. The Exo Mode isn't really that interesting, simply a weird re-hash of the Modern Warfare 3 Survival Mode. The multiplayer is were Call of Duty really shines. With a large amount of costomization for weapons and exosuits, as well interesting game mods like Kill Confirmed or Uplink. Overall, I would recommend purchasing this title!"
,Not Recommended,209650,17129363,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Gonzo850,7/19/2015Coop- GenericCampaign- No replay value.Multiplayer- Game not found.
,Not Recommended,209650,15117046,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tundra Hunter,Needs more optimization.
,Recommended,209650,12804859,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Noxxys,"Here's my point of view, from a non-CoD player perspective, although I played the Battlefield games and Titanfall. I only played the first couple of CoD games, and not for a long time.Graphically, Advanced Warfare is quite beautiful and shiny, and it runs very well on my PC (Geforce 780). However, even with the extra texture quality and everything pushed to the max, I can still see some quite low resolution textures on some wall and floors. That breaks the immersion a little bit, but nothing serious.The gameplay is really fast and enjoyable. The new movement abilities (you basically have thrusters on your back) allow you to double jump and strafe like crazy. This introduces a new level of skill and ""strategy"" in multiplayer, without which I would probably be a bit bored after a couple of hours. This is not the case with Advanced Warfare. I want to play it again right now.It still stays a CoD game. The maps are small, the guns have almost no recoil, and the pace of the action is very fast. Even though this is not what I would be looking for in an FPS game initially, the combination of this fast pace with the movement freedom described above makes it a frantic and very fun experience, at least in multiplayer.I was also impressed by the campaign: very good pace, lots of action, very good animations and camera work, as well as a nice story and voice acting. You can feel this is a polished experience crafted by people who know what they are doing. I'm a fan of science-fiction, so I really like all the technological gadgets (toys) that the game is giving to you.The multiplayer modes are many and well presented. Lots of customization for both your class/loadout and the visual appearance of your character. However, there are no dedicated servers and no server browser. I'm not sure if the game sessions are hosted by one of the players, but this induces some lag and a few connection problems. Not so many though, I was able to play without feeling it too much. I would still like to have a server browser, where people and clans could choose their map lists, options and maybe mods.8/10. Add dedicated servers, and it's worth a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,209650,12855026,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,^4UK ^1BIKELIFE,"My ps4 controller refuses to work with this game or vice versa, even though it is labeled as fully controller compatible  same call of duty except they added the things that us modders liek to add for them e.g wallhack - Threat grenade. Super Jump - Exo suit thingy abilities."
76561198032168312,Recommended,209650,13599365,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Reetz,10/10 m8
,Recommended,209650,13347537,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,★ seaweed ®,call of kangaroo: laser warfare
76561198072955937,Recommended,209650,15611723,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Np,"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is a very fast paced game and unlike all of the other Call of Duty Installment. It features the new Exo Skeleton which allows players to boost jump, boost slide, and exo dash. This adds whole new areas in which players can be in. With the exo suit it also comes with an ability such as over clock which increases the players speed or exo mute which silences your footsteps and your exo movement. Call of Duty Advanced Warfare also includes a campaign that is set in the future where you will work for Jonathan Irons the owner of Atlas a Militia which is the largest militiary in the world. Call of Duty Advanced Warfare also includes 4 DLC packs that will include 4 maps as well as a new Exo Zombies map."
76561198211838972,Recommended,209650,15617182,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,elitenot_holla,since they updated cod advanced warefare finally i can now play zombies WITH PEOPLE.WOW. online is just like all cod but with future ristic guns and style. its  an ok game.HEY buy it whens it cheap you'll like it then.
,Recommended,209650,15281492,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Samaad Al-Hyadi,So this game has kevin spacey in it.But that isn't a joke anymore is it?7/10
,Recommended,209650,23232648,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,N9NΞCROSIX,Yis
76561198183763051,Not Recommended,209650,15622771,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,(=TCP=)T3rr4_G4m!ng(EZG),"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT LOOKS COOL AND ALL BUT THE GAMEPLAY IS BAD GUNS NEVER RELOAD PROPERLY,INTENSE LAGG,HARDLY ANY ONLINE MATCHES,GAME NEVER WORKS PROPERLY."
76561198157023454,Recommended,209650,17220016,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,American fatbooty hoe 69,yes but if you like tec stuff if not go play call of dut black ops 2
,Recommended,209650,14215644,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,♛Fuck ME Jerry ♛,"really good cod, some poeple dont like it and prefer the other call of dutys but i recon this is one of the better moves for the future of the franchise.(I give it a 8/10 numb chickens)"
76561198053395000,Not Recommended,209650,13016594,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TWORODS ||,"Its got a really cool and fun campain but the multiplayer is not there like it us to be in moderwarfare 2 and 3 :,("
76561197992077736,Recommended,209650,12832711,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DarkMajinbuu,"Yes despite the lag issues this game is a million times better than Ghosts.  Yes I have had the lag issues a couple of times, but it is not as bad as with Ghosts. I recommend the game, but really developers should do something with these ports, because not everyone will buy a console just to play one game.  And btw people on PS4 are having the same issues."
,Not Recommended,209650,12833414,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Drtrevelyn,"I cannot recommend this game with the lack of attention that has been paid to the PC players.  No dedicated servers means good luck finding a match that isn't horrible glitched, hacked, or laggy beyond tolerance."
76561197975445056,Not Recommended,209650,12836853,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Rolio,Best Zombies mode to date but MP has wild lag swings.
,Not Recommended,209650,12818229,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,XXXMEESEEKS,"I can't get online, all it says is ""Call of Duty Service are unavailable"" I'm done with this game!"
76561198052315754,Not Recommended,209650,12822273,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Glomgold,"Activision is the world's second largest game publisher, with a yearly revenure of 2.9B $ operating since 1979, in 2003 they have managed to lauch the worlds most succesful mulitplayer egoshoother franchise ""Call of Duty"".Advanced Warfare is the 11th CoD title, as of today over 500 people are working on that game alone.With all that financial backing, eleven years of experiance and over 500 workers I just can't wrap my head around how they managed to mess this up so bad, first of all the game it self is extremely mediocre, just 'meh' and plays itself like a more clumsy version of Titanfall, but this doesn't really matter because you won't even get to play it, almost every single game breaks up in the middle, that is if you can past the login interface which mostly just sends you away because ""our servers aren't working, come back later. thx for your money lolkbye"" sometimes after 15 minutes of smashing the reconnect button you get connected into a game which in my experience will look like a powerpoint presentation, and after 5 minutes of watching everybody lagging across the poorly planed map and spening most of these 5 minutes reading the complains in the chat the game will disconnect.I know how pathetic it is to comlain on the internet that my toy isn't working properly but it's just so frustrating that something that new is already that broken, also I already shoved my money up Activisions throat and I won't get it back but if I can save anybody from spending 60 bucks on this thing it was worth complaining about it on the internet.Seriously, for the love of god save your money and your nerves and go play something more stable like DayZ Standalone Alpha on experimental servers ..."
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,209650,12815002,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Puddle,"*Update 11/15I have encountered a large number of hackers now. Praise p2p.I have played a ton of multiplayer at this point and its safe to say that p2p ruins this game. It is borderline unplayable. You will lag damn near constantly because it is horrible at picking hosts. On top of that the spawn points are damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. They will spawn you right next to enimies because of this whole 'revenge' spawn system thing where you spawn close to the guy that just killed you. As I posted below snipers are useless unless you play hardcore. The laser guns are actually pretty fun but for some reason you get decried for using them because they are 'for noobs' somehow.This game was enough to rekindle my interest in Cod but the lack of dedicated servers crushed that interest to the point where I will never buy a cod game again. P2p on computers is a ♥♥♥♥ing stupid system.----------------------------------------------Original Post----------------------------------------Havn't played campaign. Only multiplayer. For some reason they are two different launchers so they are traked seperatly. At time of writing I have about 7-8 hours in multiplayer.Once dedicated servers are added to make it a proper pc multiplayer game, I will adjust this to a positive review. Other than that the game is fun.♥♥♥♥ing peer2peer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I miss the days of Cod before 4....Just ran into my first hacker too. Wonderful. Matches take longer to start than you play them for because p2p is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.♥♥♥♥ p2p. ♥♥♥♥ it right in the♥♥♥♥♥Been playing more multiplayer and have come to realize a few things. The lowered bullet damage drastically comparared to other cod games. It takes way to many bullets to kill someone now, combined with the increased mobility.It seems like they kept sniper damage the same though which is bad. Snipers are pretty much out of luck now. The increased mobility not only means you will have a harder time hitting people, but it means people have a much easier time flanking you. On top of that not all hits are 1 shot ko's. Headshots and most torso shots are but anything else isn't. (and youll be surprised how much you dont hit those areas when people are bouncing around everywhere.Shotguns however, (mainly the force pump one) are 1 shot ko's as long as your mid range or so. This is completly unbalanced when compared to the machine guns which take much longer to kill and are much harder to hit with.I think they need a lot of work balancing the snipers/shotguns/machine guns models from the point they are at now. Currently the only sniper's i've come accross in game are using the bolt action sniper with the acog scope so they can move around easier. In about 7 hours in online play I have only seen maybe 4 or 5 snipers.It doesnt help when the maps designs seem to be anti sniper to begin with. You would think with this increased mobility thing you would be able to get to some nice sniper spots, but they forgot to design the maps with the increased mobility in mind.I really hope they can patch out some of these issues before to long. I got pulled back in to cod for the new movement system and I dont want to leave because of it."
,Not Recommended,209650,12850470,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,๖Snowy,Dont buy this game. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Go buy Hello Kitty Party Time 6 or Rainbow Unicorn Jump instead of this thing..... Thank me later
76561198105359281,Not Recommended,209650,12839460,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bambin Insouciant,"Since I started playing this game, only one thing came trough my mind: When will this game be patch???Maybe I suck a this game, but maybe Advance Warfare is just the laggiest game I've played since a long time.Sometime I can't connect ton online serversSometime maps won't loadSometime I get a black screen, then I have to Ctrl + Alt + Del because my game lagged outSometime I get some lag spikesSometime I can't shoot a single ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because I have a 0.5sec time lag (during all the game)Sometime ...Yes I took fun on this game, but those ""dedicated"" servers are blowing my mind out to a point that I just can't reccomend this game to anyone, unless you want to pay 65$ for something that may not actually work. Maybe my thoughts will change after a couple of patchs but for now I feel kinda♥♥♥♥♥raped by the devs for making me pay 110$ (AW + season pass) for something that makes me rage and cry of anger.BTW my PC isn't the problem (GTX 760 2g, i5 4770k, 8g of RAM (1866)) I'm running it with the fastest specs I can choose, and still manage to get overly huge frame drops."
,Recommended,209650,13628687,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AkeelZ STraFe,WE NEED DEDICATED SERVERS... otherwise this game would be really good. a great change from the regular mechanics. but damn we really need dedicated servers. this laggy stuff is terrible!!! :'(
76561198078219274,Recommended,209650,14928620,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Brody,i love it dont care about other reviews
,Recommended,209650,14251601,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,midwestwarrant,is the new dlc out for pc because i have the digital pro edition and i believe that comes with the season pass so im confused why only the new gun is on my game.
76561198006715938,Recommended,209650,13559835,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,AeroShock,great game
,Recommended,209650,13479801,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,=T$E=Derpz,"One of the best CoD games ever made. No dedicated servers though,so many cheaters (I'm not a little kid just calling people cheater,there are people using hacks,flying,aimbots,godmode etc.) The singleplayer is a must-play though."
,Recommended,209650,26453534,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Cardell.Barkhorn,"The Campaign is very nice (although, I find it too cliché and far fetched. But well, that's basically how Hollywood movies are, so its fine LOL)Multiplayer is nice, too bad before it was mostly a team full of clan people against another team full of uncooperative and (mostly) unskilled players and now it is dead..."
,Not Recommended,209650,14170982,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MC Kirk,This game is unfortunately a prime example of how to not care about the pc community and just give us a poop port that barely runs and has plenty of bugs.
,Not Recommended,209650,12963662,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Josh,"Call of Duty, Advanced Warfare.... Has a catchy name, but then again... the franchise itself is even more catchyIll tell you what i mean if you don't understand...in the past, CoD has had a variety of amazing games, BO1+2 was amazing, MW2 was good, before the hackvasion... There were unfortunately some downfalls in the franchise... including Ghosts, and in my honest opinion, Advanced WarfareYes, this game is new and still requires patching, but just think for a second... they have so much money poured into this game, and the amount of time they put into this game is well, a few years if i remember correctly from the developers blog.... The launch was okay, yet, the game itself, kind of... tries too hard?Angry Joe (A youtube game reviewer) has stated in his opening sequence before the actual review, that Advanced Warfare has copied Titanfall all too well... the jetpacks? check! the titans (or even, exo's/suits of armour) Check! futuristic feel? Check!thats 3 checks, and ive only just scraped the surface...To me, this game is just the same old same old... with just a plethora of problems.....Terrible lagg compensation... Melee is just... air knifing and suddenly kill n stuff... Low fps on alot of the maps... mainly ones with alot of terrain detail....This game.... would maybe be a 5/10 for me, with a lot of room for improvement..Not really worth the 80 bucks that i spent on it... but then again, CashCow!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12964022,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Goodvibrations,"So far I feel like ive been robbed of $60. Theres about 6 hours of story for single player mode (If you can even get it to work) and the multiplayer is so underpopulated it takes forever to find enough people to find a match- this is probably a result of all the bugs the game encountered on launch. I have a pretty high end rig and the visuals on the game do look good, but performance would have been way better if they would have taken the time to actually enable SLI/ Crossfire support. I was hoping for better than this to be honest, which I know (its call of duty, what did you honestly think was going to happen).. But from most reviews it actually was looking like it was worth the purchase. That said, so far its amounted to a shiny turd at best."
,Not Recommended,209650,12963939,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MURDER BARN,Haven't enjoyed COD since Modern Warfare 2 and this game is no exception. Just a rinse and repeat with a few additional changes. Not worth buying.
,Recommended,209650,15860674,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,PotatoGamer100,"A lot of people hate this game because of the exo's. But I think that the exo's make this game feel like a total new game series, not just standard call of duty. The only downfall I see is the amount of players that plays it on pc.I really recommend this game to all fps gamers.If you would like to team up feel free to add me or if you are looking for a clan you can just contact me ;)"
76561198103821591,Not Recommended,209650,13097358,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,JOHNNY,WHY IS MACTH MAKING SO BAD CANT LOAD INTO A GAME B .S
,Not Recommended,209650,13060133,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,onepumporgasm - skinhub.com,"After prestieging in the multiplayer, here is a multiplayer review.I will update when I finish campaighn.So, we've been given a new Call of Duty. At first the exo mobility felt weird, but I soon got used to it. However, I couldn't get used to how it feels on a mouse and keyboard, so I used my PS3 controller. Multiplayer is decent, with a few good maps, and the rest annoying. Matchmaking is terrible and some people use bad internet and slow PC's just to take the michael. It has already been hacked. Some maps crash on loading. There is server side lag everywhere, and sometimes takes 5 mins to get into one game. Most guns are slow and not fun to use at all. Attachments feel stupid. It's basically just Ghosts with a bit of jumping sprinkled on top."
76561198138955393,Recommended,209650,13327221,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,RorschachBC007,"I always have mixed feeling with all shooter games in the past 8 years. Takes little effort to actually get kills and the skill level required lowers with every damn game. Multiplayer is always extremely laggy and buggy. you can shoot a guy not moving and the bullets just go right through them. too many wanna be gamers out there thanks to youtube and all the stupid♥♥♥♥♥people who have to hack or mod their♥♥♥♥♥♥ It gets old. would i recommend this? I suppose so, are these shooter games worth 60-70 bucks? hell no."
,Not Recommended,209650,13060903,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Narutoniano,"The best COD ever, but I put this note because the lag in the servers and inside the game, I have a HD7970 with 16 GB RAM 2400Mhz and FX 8350 and the maps are laggin, if the managers of the game do something about that 2 things, there will be the best FPS in the year, and the best COD ever.El mejor COD, pero puntuare negativo debido al lag que existe en los servidores y tambien dentro del juego, tengo una HD7970 con 16 GB de ram a 2400 Mhz, una FX 8350 y los mapas me cargan laggeados. Si los supervisores del juego hacen algo al respecto estoy seguro sera el mejor FPS en el año y el mejor COD."
76561198002008986,Recommended,209650,14604791,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,anul_wrecktum,lag comp just kicked in yo!!http://s115.photobucket.com/user/andronitrate/media/lagcomp.jpg.html
76561197982363029,Not Recommended,209650,14607011,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,BIGHURT,pretty lame
,Recommended,209650,14137570,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Silverblood,"Solo play is kinda short but very fun. The miltiplayer is challenging and totally fun. The spec requirments for your computer is kinda high. If you have the machine, get it !"
76561197976348683,Not Recommended,209650,13113827,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,P3R21,"worst cod game to date and ive played them all and this game is just toglicthy and has alot of lag,plus we still have the hack issue witch no cares about.the exo pack (bunny hopping) is a joke.brang back dedicated servers and punk buster and let PC gamers run things like we used to,you've ruined the game for  pc gamers."
,Recommended,209650,12836556,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The Medicated Smurf,"This game actually made me enjoy the CoD series. I stopped playing them after black ops 2, but when i saw people playing it i had to buy it. If you were a CoD fan id suggest you pick this up right away!"
,Recommended,209650,16837340,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ST1TCH,"Campaign:Okay, for a Call of Duty game. This is quite a cool and exciting campaign. Showing how a soilder is taken in by a giant organisation only too find out its evil.. Yadda Yadda Yadda no spoilers. Rating: 7/10Multiplayer:Well, this is tough. Lets start out with the cons.There are no dedicated servers. This is an issues, because there is another thing in the game called ""Skill-Based-Match-Making."" Where it will put you in a game where there are other players around your skill level. So, with that, it makes games really odd and frustrating. But I can't go into too much detail. (Also making maps like Defender, Instinct and Discovery really laggy to play.)Also, overpowered guns. Nothing else to say, there're just overpowered.Pros: This is the first Call of Duty to change up the game. Adding cool, Exo Skeleton suits, enabling you to double jump, thrust in multiple directions. Its amazing!Also, supply drops. They are like Fifa Packs, except with guns and clothing etc. They can be earned just by playing, and through challenged and reaching level 20,30,40 & Prestige'ing. Sadly, on PC they aren't buyable.There are more Pro's, but this review is too long already.Exo Zombies: Well, have you ever wondered what Zombies w/ Exo Suits are like? You know, being able to double jump and thrust jump as well. Yeah, its exactly that. And its quite difficult, yet fun. (Mostly better w/ friends.) Now as of my writing this, only two maps are out. The third is coming out today!Exo Survival: Much like Spec Ops from the Modern Warfare series of games. This has challenges to do whilst fighting off endless amounts of enemies!Performance Overview: Yeah, this game is a lot more optimised than Ghosts. Less stutters, etc. But you have to have good hardware, despite the game not looking the best out of all games to date.Recommended Specs, Nvidia: The GTS 450 1GB and above is good. Sorry people with less than 1GB of V-RAM. (Specifically the late 2012 iMac, GPU: GTX 660m 512MB Ram.)Recommended Specs, AMD: Anything over the Radeon 6000x Series w/ 1GB V-RAM.INTEL HD IS NOT RECOMMENDED. Unless you like playing at 600x800 at lowest settings possible with 30-60 fps. (On the 6100 FPS of up too 80 is possible. Sometimes. On ultra ultra low.)Overall Rating: 7/10."
76561198029319669,Recommended,209650,35278070,Posted: 28 September,all,n2geoff,"This was a suprise hit for me, not that I was expecting a bad game, but I was not expecting something this AMAZING!  I was consistantly intrigued and pulled into the story and gameplay ever single step of way.The private military perspective was geniusThe gameplay flawlessThe tech -- super coolThere is a stealth mission that puts stealth games to shameThe biggest flaw, was it was too good to be a Call of Duty game.  It feels leagues ahead of CoD to this point, and as such I think the core audience, your multiplayer fans felt let down.  I bought for the single player experience and was not let down.NOTE: Most of this review is based on my PS4 playthough.  Though it feels tight on the PC for as far as I made it"
76561197991756666,Recommended,209650,13102618,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,nerk hayze,"This game felt (for me) in many instances like Call of Duty Black Ops 2 and Titanfall.Clearly during game-play these two games were recalled in my memory.The in-game tech resembles what happens in the above mentioned titles.Unfortunately, in the multiple endings department they differ. This game has a set ending.In the multiplayer we are given an infested mode, like black ops, this is the result of the ""Manticore"" added in the storyline of single-player campaign.There is also a difference in the GRAPHICS QUALITY output, it's not like GHOSTS, where you thought you had a powerful rig, COD AW, may change your mind on that conviction.It's heavy and demands a VERY VERY POWERFUL RIG. (I completed the game on an i7 laptop?-go figure)In the same way Far Cry 3 is reflected in Far Cry 4 mildly, this is discernibly a Call of Duty game.Comparisons with Titanfall and Call of Duty Advanced Warfare;-It touches more on the ideas in Titanfall than any other COD game,-The exo responds much like the (chug chug) suit of the Pilot in Titanfall, the AST (armoured support transport/XS1 GOLIATH) reminds of the TITAN,-The two games are FPS, & Titanfall, is created by former COD developers (these people don't make COD any more).-COD AW triumphs in this instance with their single player campaign, making me wonder what a Titanfall single player campaign would have been like (the current ""CAMPAIGN"" in Titanfall is still a multi-player activity) .-What was incredible was that my PC handles Titanfall well enough, but with COD AW, it struggled, incorrectly I considered Titanfall the peak of PC performance hurdles.Did I like it? Yes I did.Another game that touches on the themes of EXO and heavy armour isB.O.S.or known asBet On Soldier, it has 3 expansion packs and the main game (I have these on disk/they are NOT on STEAM, yet unfortunately), but if TITANFALL & this here Call Of Duty Advanced Warfare ever had a grand-daddy it may beB.O.S.. The quality of theB.O.S.games is amazingly high and can play easily on an XP operating systemsounds very much like George Clooney himself does voice acting in B.O.S..What I have longed for, (& I don't know where to turn to but COD), is an open world game like Watch_dogs, but in FPS, of course our minds can drift to Deus Ex (not quite open world), where Far Cry is satisfying here rather it's not ""CONCRETE JUNGLE"" as I would have preferred.Upcoming game Dying Light is ZOMBIE PACKED and open world FPS, teasing on that concept.They say Tom Clancy's The Division would be something in that vein, though that is 3rd person gaming.Game on."
76561198131722288,Not Recommended,209650,31895579,Posted: 21 May,all,jefffgems,cheezy story. cool graphics. runs well. multiplayer is non-existent. I haven't managed to get one game going yet.
76561198006387480,Not Recommended,209650,13000488,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,(WTF) Viper,"I have played for many years in Mw3 i do very well, but in aw I can't do crap, man it sucks"
76561198015520256,Not Recommended,209650,13012368,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,T.M..,its all ready hacked and dont buy it like thats all i got to say it sucks
76561198051769072,Not Recommended,209650,12978460,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,se7en |MWD|,"Horrible lag ruins the game and in most cases makes it unplayable which is ashame because it really is a good game and had alot of potential but just like Ghosts, it will probably not be fixed."
,Not Recommended,209650,12999888,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,GIVES THEM THE HELICOPTER,"why must their be another one!!!          the ""faze"" (no pun intended) of cod  :) :( :'("
,Not Recommended,209650,13004828,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chuck Norris,"Dont buy this, if you want newest CoD... This is not CoD so newest CoD is GhostsPlayed Halo, Titanfal, Unreal Tournament and other? Game for you.-Countless bugs-Jump to win-Internet lags everywhere-Unbalanced weapon systemAnd more!You cant stay alive...̶ ̶C̶a̶l̶l̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶d̶u̶t̶y̶: Advanced Warfare"
76561198029765689,Not Recommended,209650,14670412,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BladeGenesis,This game is ♥♥♥♥ed up maybe one of the worst things of this franchise crappy dlc again so far alot of the weapons are broken one of the heavy weapons you hold it for one second you get killed instantly domination isnt even domination that broken as hell as well As a call of duty franchise fan since the first one This has to be by far the worst that i have ever played in my entire life. Call of Duty Is dead
76561197970269218,Not Recommended,209650,14672523,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,NY_SHOCK,MP Lag lag lag....takes up to five minutes to connect.  Played for 49 hours not one game without STUTTER!!!!IF YOU LIKE  BEING FRUSTRATED THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!   IT SUCKS!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,14674296,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Right Hand of Satan }Wreckless{,"I bought this game for PC after purchasing the game and Season Pass for Xbox 360 previously.  Loved it on the 360, now I have it on my PC, it's a lagfest, no split-screen, no dedicated servers, barely any players (One player in my first game started ♥♥♥♥♥ing and talking about reporting me because I can't be that good already, like it hasn't been out on other systems), team balancing sucks♥♥♥♥♥at times, yesterday I sat in a lobby for almost 30 minutes waiting for enough players.Notified Steam of my desire for a refund with 24hrs of purchasing and got the usual ""♥♥♥♥ you and your happiness, It's our my money now!"" response.Apparently I didn't learn my lession after previously purchasing COD Ghosts for PC! And for that, I want to say ♥♥♥♥ You Valve/Steam, just Drop COD altogether and continue to Focus on Freemium and Indie Game for your Shotty, Out Dated At Release, Steam Box that NO-ONE wants!!!  All that Focus should go towards making Half Life 3!Side Note: Are the Graphics worth it? Yes on the right Hardware!"
,Recommended,209650,12829149,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Inflateddog,i just finished the campagin and i thought it was 10x better than ghosts (not hard to beat). i havent played multiplayer yet but for the campaign alone i think it is money well spent. not going to spoile the story but i really enjoyed the preformence of all the cast aswell as the ending that it just making me want the sequil (i hope they make one).
,Recommended,209650,17819126,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,HenryPeres,"It's a shame that the servers are laggy, and sometimes it takes a long time to find a game. But I enjoyed the campaign and the movement system makes the game far more enjoyable (to me anyway) because it's easier to get away from a tight spot, reducing the time to kill. And the gun sounds are meatier too."
,Recommended,209650,12851055,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Thorin Oakenshield,kevin spacey
76561198061304549,Not Recommended,209650,32961092,Posted: 28 June,all,NC Stuntman,"Servers are mostly dead if you are interested in Multiplayer which really sucks if you want to earn any of those weapons or even their effing varients which is impossible without anyone else playing.  I had do hours of searching to find groups of people that sometimes maybe play when there is nothing else on Netflix.  In the height of this game I would recommend it, however for now in its current state, I would not recommend it for any price over $20.  Typical campaign story mode is forgetable at best.  I personally am unaware if I hate the fact this game was the start of paywalls within Call of Duty, or the fact that the PC version does not even have a paywall to break through in order to obtain said weapons/varients.  I could play against bots using those weapons/varients which believe it or not is still fun for me when not near an internet connection."
76561197992299328,Not Recommended,209650,13375831,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[LPG] Baraka,"Fantastic game play with captivating graphics and sound. They took FPS to a whole new level.Unfortunately, some really irritating bugs in the game. I'm getting way to familiar with ""server not available"" messages. I have no problems with BO2, really seems to be an in-game problem with Advanced Warefare. I will not buy another COD title until I'm convinced these unnecessary problems are resolved. It is just too frustrating."
76561198009746461,Not Recommended,209650,12812731,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,℗,constant flickering. nothing in files to change it. attempted to fix through settings and nothing still. havent had a problem with cod games up until now. multiplayer no servers and couldn't even find a single game and safe to assume same issues for mp on pc as previous cod games after mw 4.
76561198071178915,Recommended,209650,12825892,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ninjaofawesome,Best cod since MW2. immediately went out and bought doritos and mountain dew. brings out your innner mddle schooler.11/10 would F*** your mom
,Recommended,209650,13840770,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,iMunchbox,"Jetpacks, cloaking and hundreds of trash talking teenagers.  Half of the fun is just staying in menu and listening to them yell at eachother."
,Not Recommended,209650,13767882,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ibuki Mioda,It's ok but not really as good as the old ones.  Feeling that they company has been going down hill trying to push for graphics and special features.
76561198099077369,Recommended,209650,13436791,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Chaos,"The game is quite good. I enjoyed the multiplayer and the single player. But i do dislike the fact that there is no dedicated servers. But, nonetheless. I have never had a problem with cheaters or lag. Not saying that the issues arent there, but i have not experienced them. This game, with some work and dedication, could indeed be a good game."
76561197979838632,Not Recommended,209650,13438955,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Bot4Ever,"Beware, there's no dedicated server so you will usually get ""No games found"" so no multilayer."
76561198162715368,Not Recommended,209650,13043105,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Insanity_Reflexx,I would like to point out that there is a lunge assist for punching but not for knifing. I would like you to fix than in the next update.
76561198147399526,Not Recommended,209650,13006774,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Qi nTe x,THIS GAME IS SO GAY ITS GIVE ME AIDS
,Not Recommended,209650,17512165,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,CYPRIOT,this game screwed there is everywhere wallhack and aimbot they  worst my money :@@
,Recommended,209650,13462294,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,JustFluxz,"This is my favorite Call of Duty game, but the lack of updates is very bad and the game is extremely buggy since they pay most of their attention to the consoles.  Although the campaign was amazing and fun, the ending was a bit anticlimatic.  With all that said, I would still recommend the game but a 6-8/10."
,Recommended,209650,12858236,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,O'Nyx Mayfield,HOLD X TO PAY RESPECTS.
76561198096923820,Not Recommended,209650,12797481,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Project Babby,NOT MENT FOR PC LAGGY AS HELL
,Recommended,209650,13980977,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,❤ Snuggly Cori ❤ restarting pc,"As it's similar to all previous games of Call of Duty series, it offers new styles of gameplay.Including customization similar to Call of Duty: Ghosts, but also Includes new abilities never released in previous games.Boost jumps, dodging, slamming, exo ablities; cloak, trophy system, boost hover etc.Its fun to play this game, but currently many weapons are overpowered, including some akimbo weapons, and some supply drop versions of EM1 direct energy heavy weapon.Recommended for experienced first person shooter gamers."
76561198000175108,Not Recommended,209650,12844620,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Flummer,"allright im in game lets do th- oh im deadallright ive respawned lets do th- oh im deadallright ive killed someone lets find mo- oh im deadthis is basicly 95% of the games youll play, the way the spawnsystem works is that it will generall spawn you as far away as possible from the nearest enemy, but when jetpacks basicly turn every map into a flat disc, everyone will be spread out to the point were you'll spawn right on top of people. also with the high mobility, any weapon that isnt quick to aim with or has low mobility will be completely useless, for the time it takes for you to aim down sights with a machinegun, the enemy has already fired at least 10 shots at you, from across the map, with 100% accuracy. and even if it that is the case, most of your deaths will be from being shot in the back anyway (because of how the spawn system works) which turns this game into an unbalanced mess were everyone uses the same weapon with 0 teamplay.there is however a 4 modes were they turn off the exo abilites (jetback and boost and whatnot) which turns the game into any other old CoD with a reskin and fancy weapons."
76561198000345755,Recommended,209650,12914570,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MULTI JEST SPOKO,"Very fun to play, best call of duty of the newest"
,Recommended,209650,12841485,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Corneval,Amazing Graphic!Good Job for Activision and SG for making a cool game like this!It's remembered me of Crysis 3 but I can play online with friends this timeAlready played the Campaign and the story was really goodBut the only problem is that why you don't update so this game support SLI? I want to play with higher and better quality in order to enjoy fully this game...But beside that all perfect and clean!RATE 8.5/10
,Recommended,209650,12874090,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,RdJokr,"Advanced Warfare brings in a lot of changes to the COD formula, while still keeping it familiar enough to be COD. The campaign, though still pretty linear compared to Treyarch's Black Ops II, is definitely top-notch, and is a huge improvement over Ghosts' mediocre campaign. Sledgehammer definitely put in a lot of effort to make a good story, and they did it right. All of the main actors (Troy Baker, Kevin Spacey, Gideon Emery...) contributed a lot to making this campaign enjoyable with their acting, and their characters are well-designed. My only gripe is that Baker's character, AKA the protagonist Mitchell,  doesn't actually speak during gameplay (I prefer the way Treyarch does it with their protagonists for Black Ops and Black Ops II). But I can live with the way things are right now.The multiplayer component is now even more intense and frantic than ever before, thanks to the Exosuit movement added in the game. It adds a lot of ""verticality"" (quoting SHG dev Michael Condrey here) to the COD formula. Here is a COD game where skills actually matter. You don't just jump in guns blazing and hope that you can end up on the top of the leaderboards. There are tactics involved. Sledgehammer has also learned a lot from Infinity Ward and Treyarch, and improved upon the best of each developer. With the right kind of balance and tweaking, Advanced Warfare multiplayer has potential to be the best MP game since COD 4.At the time this review is written, the game is still in need of several fixes, especially optimization for connectivity, but overall it is a solid product, and I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone, specifically those who have quit COD and are looking for a reason to come back."
,Recommended,209650,13321486,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Chepburn,"Probably the best CoD since Mw2.> Great Gameplay> Beautiful graphics (For a Cod game)> Extremely fun, especially with friendsMinor issues with connection, but reasonably rare.8.5/10"
,Recommended,209650,12813970,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ast,"This game... Is incredible. As long as you follow it's requirements you'll have no problems with the gameplay. Visually it is stunning, and half the time I have to remind myself I am playing a video game. The multiplayer is fun, and refreshing compared to the older Call of Duty games. Being a person who gave up on CoD after Modern Warfare 2, I am shockly surprised. The story, the gameplay, it's all solid. Amazing audio as well. 9.5/10 easy."
,Not Recommended,209650,12847994,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LemonJuice707,"do not buy this game untill they fix the onlne problem, its impossilbe for me to even get into a game let alone trying to even play it."
,Recommended,209650,12840183,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,PunchyBigBelly,"This game is Extordinary, Near Perfect!!it have some laggy cut scene and verry little frame drops- 2 point off for this, cuz it don't bother me that much.Single player- are fantastic , i counldn't predict what will they do to the story, destroy things. Maps and charactors, It made me excite all the way to the end.Multiplayer - It's great, COD feeling is back , old knife kill is back which is nice, The EXO suit is someting to play in this game it does make some different. Over all it fun im satisfied.Exo Mode- I kinda hate this it's old same old and not much fun to play() maybe i'm in early wave but i just don't play this mode in every pervious COD. - 4 point off in this94/100- Elegant"
,Not Recommended,209650,12836315,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Definitely a Sushi,"This review is just for the multiplayer (play time only shows Single Player, and not Multiplayer time played):Pros:- Killstreak ""attachments""- Able to have more weapon attachments or perks without killstreaks- Exo suit abilities adds new type of gameplayCons:- Not enough weapons!- Hardly any weapon variety- Hardly any weapon customization- Not many reticles for scopes- Extremely hard to get weapon camos (takes very long)- Can't see how many players are playing current game type- No dedicated servers (yet?).- Which means... Laggy.- Still no server browsers- Sensitivity options have no numbers (just bars)- No ADS sensitivity option- Only 1-3 good maps, the rest are horrible- Does not show ping (ms). Only ♥♥♥♥♥♥ network bars that are always glitching out.So what I am thinking: The developers are money hungry. I think they are going to release more weapons, maps and customization as DLCs. It's a great PC port in my opinion, but it's an unfinished game. There's just not enough."
,Recommended,209650,12974315,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JuiceMan215,"Let's be honest most of the people that hate CoD either play BF or just be infulenced by the internet. Now i will agree, Ghost was straight trash when it came to how the game was developed and them cutting corners. But Il be honest......this game is really fun and the Exo really adds a new level of skill in the game. Now the servers right now are not good but they need to fix that asap."
76561198143094653,Not Recommended,209650,12837412,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Aeris Died,Really fun game but it's SUPER laggy which makes it unplayable.
,Recommended,209650,12839228,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,spookacabra,"They breathed life back into the franchise, but don't buy it until Sledge patches the netcode. Lag comp is garbage. Peer to peer hosting is stupid and there should be dedicated servers. The laser is overpowered. I reccomend buying this later, but wait for it to be patched or wait for a sale."
,Recommended,209650,13333262,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,bootcut buka,"nO DEDICATED SERVERS IS A BIT ANNOYING, BUT OVERALL A GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,209650,13660183,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SuperSweetSucc,More advanced than before
,Recommended,209650,12946014,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,symphony,This game literally fried my graphics card.Thanks Activision.
,Recommended,209650,22921736,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,F8L3RR0R,"Love this game, great campaign content and story line. Multiplayer is lots of fun. Graphics are awesome, audio is clear with a good balance between all audio channels and different audio sources. Highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes the COD line."
76561197987704630,Recommended,209650,12825896,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bitch Slapper,awsome!
,Recommended,209650,12926215,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,PewPew,"I have read a lot of negative comments about this game, and honestly, its not that bad as they said. The single player is AMAZING!!! The feeling of intensity and fast pace in the game make my adrenaline rush. The multiplayer is still nahhhhh....... but they are still fixing it, infact, they just update the patch yesterday , but i have not seen the change yet. If we give the company sometimes to fix all those problem, it would be one of the best games (multi and single player) in 2014 - 2015. Call of duty have changed"
,Recommended,209650,12896295,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,(IG)xShooterx,"This game is in many ways like all others in the series yet somehow stand out in some areas as novel in the series.Graphics:Like all COD games since MW2, progress in the graphics front has been slow. Advance Warfare features minimal improvements over the previous game Ghost. Some work has been done to soft shadows and global illumination. The texture has been reworked a little to show more gloss and gleams with some improvement in the sub-surface scattering. However, it remains very CODish with a somewhat cartoony feel to the general geometry and framework design. Think...lack of tessellation and geometric/texture variations to bring a sense of realism to the game(speaking from the multiplayer POV).Gameplay:One of the most improved aspect of the game at least over Ghost. Gameplay has been relatively smooth in the movement where the constant jittering and stuttering present in Ghost even on a high end game rig is gone. However, lagging and sometime sudden freezing up of the motion remains a persistent issue due to the lack of dedicated servers. The advantages given to host teams is a constant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥just like Black-Ops II and other games without a dedicated server in the series. The extra dimension in gameplay is a plus and can be really fun in your tactical decisions. My biggest gripe would be with the spawn algorithm. It is the worst in the series in my opinion, where as in past games, there'll be occasions where you may spawn in close proximity to an enemy charater, in Adv Warfare, this became a constant issue, literally occuring in every match 'multiple' times. There will be frequent instances where you will get gunned down immediately after spawning because you were either spawned right infront of the enemy or they spawn right behind you seconds after you did. In fact, they could spawn in the same spot that you merely checked seconds ago so you thought it was clear then as soon as you start moving on, they spawn right in that same spot and got you in plain sight with your back or side towards them. Free kill! I think a major attribution to this problem is a flaw in the relations between timed respawning and the spawn anticipation system. The specifics are somewhat complicated to explain but basically, the spawn system note the enemy position when you died and immediately assigned a spot away from the enemy in the spawn map without taking the timer variations into consideration. So if you spawn again after say a 12 seconds countdown, chances are, the enemy would've moved to your  vincinity by then and you get instantly shot in the back right after you spawned. If you're really lucky(most time, the timing is such that the enemy is just arriving at your position) an enemy would've just ran past where you spawn and you get a Free kill instead, but given that this is a constant process, it is more likely that you'll get shot in the back right after that kill. So forget about earning scorestreaks! Totally stupid!!!Match-making:No improvements here, just the same old, same old. Getting in a balanced game is still a pain. Match search still takes forever. If say your teammates leaves in a game, there will be no reinforcements for a looong while so you're stuck playing a one-sided match with you against 6, OMA style!Maps:Another improved elements in the game would be the map design, maps are not too big but felt relatively more expansive due to the number of path choices you can take to engage or be-engaged by the enemy, if it wasn't for the Oh so scattered and random, messed up spawn system, it would be so much fun! Maps are designed with the 3rd dimension in mind, though there's still limitations(much more than in games such as Titanfall). The number of roofs and high places you can jump on to is rather few so there could be improvements there. In Titanfall, you could virtually jump on top of every roofs of buildings as long as they're within the map limit. Not so in Advanced Warfare. There are barriers placed on many rooftops so that you are forced to still take a one way path in the third dimension, not much flexibility there. Maps also include some welcomed return from Ghost and BLOPS II such as dynamic elements that can either be controlled(via scorestreak rewards) or simply hazardous to anyone that happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Like the Free Fall map in Ghost(in a way), certain maps(Recovery) opens up new area of the map as the game progresses that changes the strategies and gameplay significantly. I'd like to see more of these dynamic elements in future maps and games. Make things less boring.Game structure, weapons, rewards & scorestreaks:A seperate section will be written to dedicate to this in the future. All I can say for now is that the new structure of the game although similar to some of the previous games in the series remains quite different in its own way. The outcome is much more customization possibility and definition in both weapon systems(incl. scorestreaks) and characters. Gone are the days where Turret is, well just a Turret firing good ol' lead. You can now customize your scorestreaks, with a cost, to your liking. How about a rockets firing turrets with a built in flash suppresion systems for added robustness and a 360 degrees rotation capability for the icing on the cake. Or how about bombing runs with added stealth capabilities and can drop multiple care packages instead of bombs, you can even add more bombers(air drops) if the default isn't enough. Even the Carepackages can be individually customized to give you better odds and stealth. Of course, nothing is free, so all these extra customization come at a cost, for points(avg. 100 more points for each added capabilities). Given how difficult it is to earn points in the new game as mentioned above, I won't say that's a good thing, at least for now. Unless you are having a perfect connection, a very good day and has Hardline equipped(which you won't get until lvl 47), you'd have a hard time getting any of the better streaks(high lvl streak rewards does not allow post death points accumulation). All in all, any changes that comes with Advanced Warfare is a welcomed change but there are some areas in which it could definitely improve to make a dying franchise more revivable."
,Recommended,209650,23411852,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MysterySpace,Amo o jogo Todos Os Modos Mais Foi abandonadoIncrivel Game Comigo Não Aconteceu nenhum Bug Eu simplesmente Amo esse jogoParabens.Só Peço Um suporte De servidores
76561198075448291,Recommended,209650,12830823,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Charles Vane,"great game,good story , good gameplay and Kevin Spacey"
,Recommended,209650,13013072,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,THE SaVaGe,"I don't know what these guys are talking about down there, but i'm loving AW! I have no lag whatsoever, and it has been running very smoothly. Sure, dedicated servers would be nice, but its still the game. JUST PLAY IT! i have to say i am a CoD fan, and yes i was very disappointed in Ghosts last year, but this game is good. ive played mostly on console at a friends, but i have been playing it for awhile now on PC and its great.Specs:Windows 8.1 pro x648gb RAM 1600 MhzAMD Athlon x4 750kMSI Twin Fronzr GeForce GTX 760 OC edition 4GBCorsair CX430 Power supply (gonna upgrade to 600)Max Settings; runs like a charm. :D"
,Recommended,209650,13319490,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Hotta Chouwda,"Short and to the point.Single player wasn't bad. It has its moments. Some good, some odd. Character interaction and dialog is still awkward, but then it wouldn't be COD without it.Multiplayer is obviously the draw here. I've seen a few hackers but I look at them as more of a challenge than anything else.  If you're a fan of the franchise, then its more of the same (except for the massive supply drops)."
76561198065590344,Not Recommended,209650,23382794,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Hippietree,Not worth it at all.
,Recommended,209650,12881636,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,LoCkONS,"I like the campaign, have't tried out the multiplayer. Anw, I will recommend it"
76561197976331044,Not Recommended,209650,13012364,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Weak Sauce,Don't waste your money.Worst single player AI ever.Lots of collision issues.Multiplayer is broken.No hosted servers.Good job rushing for the holiday release.COD Franchise KIA.These are the things I wish I had known before wasting $100.
76561198022284264,Not Recommended,209650,12805172,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Captain Obvious,Just started the Single Player Campaign. But all I see is a black screen.
76561198064895604,Not Recommended,209650,12805371,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,iggey1,"waste of £40 the frame rate graphis and sound are all terrible even though my pc is within the specifications stated, not impressed reading the returns policy seems like theres no point in asking for my money back because it says that they wont refund me. Paid for a game im not able to play or even going to attempt to play againthanks steam i wont be buying any thing from you again"
76561198090073872,Recommended,209650,13111692,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Shadow,I saw hackers in one game and it seems that anti Chit not doing his job properlyI hope they do something about it because it's not fun to play that game hackersOther interested there are quite a few bugs in the game and that it hopefully arrangeBut other than that it's a very fun game and easy to understand the game
,Not Recommended,209650,23657526,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SuperChicken,"This game is pretty bad. It is one of that games that give COD a bad rep and I whole-heartedly believe that statement. This game was that first COD developed by Sledgehammer Studios as a new source for activision to make more money. The game isnt terrible... The campaign is the best part of this game. I feel that if the game didnt have the ""Call of Duty"" name slapped on it, it could sell really well! Is just the burden of the COD name trhat drags this game down due to over hype and expectations that coudnt be met. The multiplayer is a whole new level of♥♥♥♥♥♥ For PC anyway. I have never played a multiplayer match in this game. This is due to the server for this game being absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Since DAY ♥♥♥♥ING ONE multiplayer has been unplayable!!! I coudnt for the life of me find a goddamn match. This game suck. Alot. Stay away!Broken,Unplayable,Boring2/10 Dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209650,12870733,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Rithm,"Why did I buy Cod? I always ask myself every day.It's a franchise that puts out a new entry every year by rehashing the same basic game *coughASSASSINSCREEDcough*, while adding on a few gimmicks and minor tweaks that don't really affect the mechanics that much, but somehow excuses the $60 price tag! *coughMADDEN15cough* Worst of all, they never make any meaningful changes to the core gameplay that might actually require any risk-taking. *coughPOKEMONcough* And the ♥♥♥♥ing DLC's are infuriating, why do we have to pay for consistent content release?? *coughTITANFALLcough*I'm eating up every second of it. Feed the fat cats, 10/10."
,Recommended,209650,14804806,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,.tv/marthofdoom,"This is by far the best CoD in recent years, While Black Ops II clearly has better support on the PC side of things, as the general games go. This one may even be the best overall. You likely see al these reviews complaining about certain features missing, Dedicated Servers, Capped FPS, etc. The reviewers typically will proceed to tell you not to buy the game until these things are fixed. We on PC are the minority in CoD, making our numbers smaller and more insignificant is the very last thing that will ever solve those problems. If you want dedicated servers BUY THE GAME. Tell all your friends to buy the game, have your parents, grandparents and distant cousins buy the game.Here are two scenarios for some of the slower ones among you.Gee Bob, we barely sold any PC copies, how about we shaft those useless nuggets with even less support next time so we can focus on our succesful markets.ORGee Bob, we sold more PC copies than Xbox, maybe we should listen to some of the opinions of those players.People, they dont need us, we need them."
76561197966981209,Recommended,209650,12875838,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,[~ĐĐ~] Wampler,Great game all around.  The only issue with it is the connectivity with mp.
,Recommended,209650,12879191,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,[HR] Stoshus,they got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
,Recommended,209650,12863881,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bas-v-,"[review of Multiplyer only]If you can get past the unholy amount of crashes and minor updates (sometimes requiring you to force quit and restart your game), the gameplay itself is great on PC. Runs well for the most part, with fast paced gameplay which is easily ruined by any reasonable amount of lag. Much more optimized than CoD: Ghosts, although could still use some work. This is definitely the best PC port of a CoD in a while for sure, with an extensive advanced video options menu. The last major problem I've ran into is hacked lobbies, where you get 1,000x multipliers on xp, instantly prestieging your account, whether you like it or not. To say something nice about the game: the maps are pretty good overall, leaving me with only a few I actually dislike. I also love the 13 point create-a-class system, an improved version of the system from Black Ops 2.So if you can get past all these issues, its a really nice game."
76561198060142934,Not Recommended,209650,12839765,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Puddin,"Horrible. Horrible optimization. Completely false advertised the trailers. They don't even have ragdoll in the multiplayer like they showed in the trailer. They have garbage death animations like in star wars battlefront 2. That might not seem like a big deal to you, but it completely ruins immersion and makes me feel like im playing a cheap F2P game.  There's absolutely nothing ""advanced"" about this game. I had faith in these guys for beating the odds and making a kick♥♥♥♥♥game, and they completely screwed everyone over. Don't buy. Ever. Not even worth the hard drive space. 1.5/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,12881173,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Papi Gringo,space laser beams
76561198058512627,Recommended,209650,12883732,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Vidyasaur,"I'm having a lot of fun with this game and I think the Exo suit adds a lot of mobility to the game's established multiplayer. The campaign is decent but has its share of exciting moments and set-pieces - ""Hollywood Blockbuster"" is an apt way to describe it. I think the people that are giving this game a thumbs down just because it doesn't have dedicated servers are being unfair. The game JUST game out, maybe the dedicated servers will be available sometime in the future?Advanced Wafare is just what this series - which has has been lambasted as being tiresome with each installment - needed. Not only is it a good Call of Duty game, it's also a pretty damn good shooter with a really badass futuristic aesthetic."
,Recommended,209650,12869995,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Howard Shark,"Nobody plays this game. There are ever only like 5 tdm games, but no other game modes. not enough play for this to be 60 bucks. do not buyReview 2Their online servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its like activision took a runny♥♥♥♥♥♥after eating indian food and drinking pepto bismol, then attached some wires to it and said here are your servers. VERY BADAfter Ghosts I thought COD was dead. My friend said this was good so I bought it and hes right. This is the best COD game I have played in a while. It surpasses BO2 and possibly MW2. The multiplayer is fun and the people online arent pro like in ghosts. Great game9/10when you right click to aim down the sights it stays like that until you right click again which i dont like"
76561198032968652,Not Recommended,209650,12837202,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bisco,"ehh, its the usual cod crap, same thing every year. guns that do practically nothing, lag, horrible collision detection, poorly written story, etc. they (obviously) added the new exosuits, that are complete titanfall rip offs. honestly i don't know why i didn't expect that earlier. one of the most annoying things about these are their little rocket double jump things. remember how well those worked in titanfall, and how they allowed players to move around quickly and easily. yeah, cod didnt really understand the concept of the double jump in titanfall, because it was meant to be just that, a double jump, you werent trying to go to freaking SPACE! these things launch you like 6 feet in the air, and then you just patiently wait to fall to the ground and continue fighting. and there was a reason titanfall had big open maps, because when you have these movement enhancing abilities in cod, you can cross the map in 4 seconds. and putting people in exo suits into small corridors and enclosed buildings? are you kidding me? its like if you gave a bunch of bullfrogs machineguns that could only fire when they weren't touching the ground, so everything just flies around, and for every 30 bullets you fire you're lucky if you get 2 hits in. and if you really really want to buy it, don't get it on pc. i mean, there's poor optimization, and then there's this. its just.....i don't even know what to say, its horrible in every way immaginable."
,Recommended,209650,12989712,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,"Honestly Im a CoD hater. Disliked what the series represented in gaming, and how it basiclaly made FPS totally boring to me. I havent bought a CoD since mw3. I got this after watching TB's gameplay on it on twitch. This game was suprisginly fantastic. I loved the story, and despite the stupid Kevin Spacey, hype he was actually great. Sledgehammer knocked it out of the park with this one, and it actually worth the 59.99 price tag. Highly reccomend it, havent had as much fun playing a fps campaign in a while. Multiplayer is great too, and actually can keep up with a controller on pc which is suprising, Would reccomend!"
,Recommended,209650,12829861,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Death,"Great game, though the NPC's are way too powerful."
,Not Recommended,209650,14579053,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,(AMI)SirMisAlot™,really really sucks
,Recommended,209650,23155170,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Zipur,"One of the best games I ever played.This game is underrated, and I don't see why. I saw a video once where the guy said ""it is a good warm-up game for the upcoming Black Ops: 3"", and that I thought was pretty pathetic. I'm sure Activision worked pretty hard with this game, I mean, take a look at the graphichs.And the Call of Duty: Recycled Warefare♥♥♥♥♥♥does not count for this game. When this game came out, it was very different from the other games. I really recommend it, and the story is very good too. EXO Zombies is in my opinion the best zombie mode/game ever. Unlike all the other zombie verson of games Activision has made, this is realistic. Not some spiritual♥♥♥♥♥♥where you have to play for years to understand. Underrated.The reason for people hating it and disliking it is mostly because it was ""cool"" to hate it. It has become a trend to hate many games. So if anyone tells you this game is absolute crap they probably didn't even play it.Pros:Very good game mechanics: Movement is very quick, very fun. Fast paced.Very nice graphics.The story is good, it actally makes you feel.EXO Zombies is a very good zombie mode/game.Cons:Lack of players.Conclusion: Buy the game, the story is absolutely worth it, and there are still people playing Exo Zombies."
,Recommended,209650,22783577,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rocketman Max,"Advanced Warfare is a pretty good Call of Duty game, despite the hate it gets (mostly on some really cancerous YouTube comments sections). Let me just quickly say that despite being the Gold Edition, it does not contain some key things like the rest of the Zombies maps which is rather disappointing. Also note that the multiplayer is classified as its own game, and this game reaches a shocking 100gb in size. My multiplayer hours are not counted in the campaign-only version of the game.Multiplayer:Let me start by saying that the multiplayer (competitive - player vs player) is completely dead, and if you are a new starting player you will NOT be able to play the multiplayer. This is because of the ""skill match"" system the multiplayer uses to make players that are good play with others that are good and so on. This problem would have been fixed with the addition of dedicated servers, but Sledgehammer Games took a massive dump on the game and didn't bother to perfect it. The mutliplayer is very much of a twitch shooter, which is basically whoever pulls the trigger first. You can play the majority of game modes with bots on all of the maps, thankfully. However, one of my favorite game modes Gun Game is unavailable with bots. The maps are in very open environments but the maps aren't big. Remember that you can always do a private match with a friend if they own AW on PC too. However, if you want to play with bots you can very well pirate it, even if I strongly advise against that.Extras: (Exo Zombies and Survival)The zombies and exo survival mode (Exo Survival = numerous waves against drones and bots) are actually rather good in my opinion. Firstly, you can THANKFULLY play with other players too on these game modes (PRAISE THE SUN!) and they are generally pretty damn fun. They will give you a good hour, maximum 2 before you are bored and play another day. The zombies I found to be extremely fun, even though most people say that it was terrible, or at least not pretty good. I disagree for the most part. There is much fun to be had, especially with the exo suit twist (which becomes essential in further rounds). You do have to do quite a bit of work to get the Exo suit though. Exo survival is also fun, but it is nothing special. This was in Modern Warfare 3 too.Campaign:The campaign in this game is actually rather good. It is futuristic, and this is the first very far future Call of Duty (after this and Black Ops 3 people really wanted boots on the ground - tough luck, YOU'RE IN SPACE IN INFINITE WARFARE!). The performances are good, even if some people are off in my opinion, like Ilona and Hades. It is unfortunately short, though not the shortest in the series. Its length is around 6 to 7 hours of fun, even if the melee hits from the AI opponents are really frustrating and kill you in an instant! Kevin Spacey is the real star of the show, and he was... good. He wasn't AS good as in a film like Swimming with the Sharks, but he was good enough.Graphics:The graphics are good for the most part. The gun models are beautiful, and the locations in the campaign are absolutely gorgeous. Unfortunately, the game isn't AS beautiful in multiplayer, with bad textures in quite a few places, but they are not bad. This is also rather a particularly good PC port, in case you are wondering. It runs good and there are a lot of options, especially options which you can lower, to get better performances if you are on a weaker rig. Thankfully, I got to crank the game up to the higher settings. A much better port than Black Ops 3, which looks rather bad, sometimes HIDEOUS (in some specific parts).Gameplay:The gameplay is the exact same as in any other Call of Duty, except for the boosts. There are boosts in jumping, and dashing in all directions (rather, just backwards, left or right). For the most part the boosts work well, BUT you would be raging if the multiplayer was working.Overall, I think you should get this game, but don't expect Shakespeare. The campaign is short, the multiplayer doesn't last you too long but all in all it is a good game. If you have a PS4 or Xbox One, they would be better alternatives to get this game as you would actually get to play with someone PvP, but if you don't want that, the PC version is good enough. I would give this game a 7/10."
,Recommended,209650,12967527,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,2bitmarksman,"Game is fun. Lots. Unfortunately no dedicated servers and being a bit buggy (like most games shortly upon release).If you find P2P games instead of games with dedicated servers to be a minor issue and you liked CoD4 or MW2, then you'll like this game. If dedicated servers are a big deal for you, don't bother."
,Recommended,209650,13407004,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mr Larson,The story is so good. This is one of the first time i actually had some feeling for the main characters. Its the best since MW3. Yes i said MW3. Not MW2. And the Multiplayer is just a kaotic mayhem.... wich is awesome. I got seriously impressed since the other♥♥♥♥♥♥game called Ghosts.8/10
,Not Recommended,209650,25271453,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,mc teves,"I bought this game a few years ago, didn't found a match yet"
76561198027139393,Recommended,209650,12854093,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Captain Crabmeat,"This game is getting huge dislike for all the wrong reasons - please note this articlehttp://www.dsogaming.com/pc-performance-analyses/call-of-duty-advanced-warfare-pc-performance-analysis/in regards to the lagging and stuttering with poor performance IN SHORT ""PC gamers should avoid enabling “Cache Sun Shadow Maps” and “Cache Spot Shadow Maps"". Enabling them will fill up your VRAM and most of the game’s textures won’t be loaded, resulting in atrocious visuals."" This made all the textures appear clearer stopped the lagging and gave me a smooth playable game.As for the game itself - hadn't played much COD since MW2 and I have to say this is exactly what I expected, yes I die a lot but I have so much fun in the mean time. The maps are both diverse and colourful. The customisation and perk system is very flexible - granted this means some things are pretty unbalanced but as long as you're not going to take dying repeatedly too seriously and you just want to leap around lobbing pretty looking smart grenades from your wrist mounted grenade launcher you're likely going to have fun.  I really enjoyed the dash mechanic in HAWKEN and so I automatically felt at home with the dodging in AW if you liked Hawken you can find common ground here"
76561198151330918,Recommended,209650,12845745,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kotoshige,"love it ,but the lag can be fix somehow if can tell me"
,Recommended,209650,12822829,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,corndogn,"Probably the best Call of duty since Mw2. Campaign wasn't bad, but didn't have the excitment I was looking for, still pretty good though. Multiplayer was totally revamped with adding the new EXO suits. The change in Jumping/Moving mechanics dosn't hurt the experience, they make the game more fast-paced with less camping. I am so happy that a new developer comes in and totally rewrites the rules of COD. Feels like a totally new game (Not in a bad way). PC port was a total suprise. No menu lag/jittering like in Ghosts and beautiful FPS. SledgeHammer, you guys trully did a great job. I am again proud to say I am a Call of duty player.Campaign: 7.5/10EXO Survival: 8.5/10Multiplayer: 9/10PC Port: 9.5/10Graphics (Low, Medium, High, And Extra) 9/10Overall rating: 8.5/10Defianantly would buy again."
,Recommended,209650,12885494,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Aviona,"Nothing much has changed in this prequel to Call of Duty 2, where you play as a dudebro Amerifat using fancy armor to allow him to do all sorts of things fat people cannot normally do, like walk and jump, trying to stop a mad scientist played by Kevin Spacy from traveling back in time and giving Hitler the advantage in WWII.  It's an interesting breath of fresh air, with a unique interface that is thrown out the window the second you play multiplayer.  The story in this game is quite something.  At the offset, Kevin Spacy seems like he's the good guy but in fact he is the descendant of Volgin from Metal Gear Solid 3, and has built an army of miniature Shagohods and created his own nation only for soldiers, as was the dream of Big Boss.  As you go through the game revisiting famous setpieces from previous games like the russian airport, nuked middle east, gas bombed UK, and the Battle of Stalingrad you really appreciate the effort that was put into the impressive facial animations on Kevin Spacy.  Finally, everything culminates inside of Outer Heaven as Kevin Spacy activates his time portal and flees into the past.  Knowing that if you don't follow, Hitler will have really done nothing wrong as he would have won WWII, so you jump in and give chase, thus beginning Call of Duty 2.  I was really not expecting that twist ending, and would probably have seen it coming if I was not so impressed by the brilliance that is 60 FPS Kevin Spacy.9/11 Goat of the Year All Years"
76561198011391382,Not Recommended,209650,12822780,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,]B4E[ VENOM6699,"Still no dedicated servers.keep losing connection,game has way too many bugs so far that need fixing."
,Not Recommended,209650,28130101,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,My name is hill I eat Bills,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because your game gave me cancer anyway."
76561197967579869,Not Recommended,209650,12881430,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,zimi,"Can not connect to multiplayer at all sometimes and the rest of the time not for longer than 10 minutes. Gets disconnected from games constantly. Regret this purchase, want a refund."
76561198200275165,Recommended,209650,23942850,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bobbleheadguy19,i love this game!!!! it is very advanced in the armor and weapons u use in the game.  It has a lot of missions and i like that u can upgrade ur person.  I would say this is the best game of all of the call of duties and i have played all of them
76561198026165086,Recommended,209650,12807482,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,R00k13M1$T4K3,"Ok, So this is my first CoD game since MW2 and well i gotta say i am surprised at how much i am enjoying this! Sure its got this new approach and its a little different from the previous releases in the franchise, but its just so damn incredible the pleasure i get playing it everytime just never ends :P plus it still has that great CoD feel to it(Thumbs Up). I have only 0.3 hrs on single player campaign(which has an awesome storyline and will soon be completed by me) but i have 10 hrs on multiplayer so far and i must say the game runs brilliantly everytime i play! Great Optimization, Great Graphics, always runs smooth. Sure some bugs here and there but they are minor which is a great accomplishment considering it launched like 2 days ago! All i would really like in future is maybe a bit more variety in guns and some dedicated servers. I read online that there is dedicated servers coming for this game in 2015 which is like just around the corner, so come on guys lets all support this game and give them all the more reason to get them servers going :D. EPIC game!! well done Activision and Sledgehammer!Overall 9/10 (would be 10/10 if dedicated servers are added) :P"
,Recommended,209650,12880797,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,[zRp] Basop,Bang bang... Bouncy bouncy... Good! Laggy laggy... Bad!
,Recommended,209650,13340113,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Jeremy,"good game, takes call of duty to a new level"
76561198062736104,Recommended,209650,12894045,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Crazyshot0988,do have a 600$ computer though :)
76561198161245904,Recommended,209650,12829581,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,molejao43,Excellent Game.  Played the campaign for a few hours and multiplayer is even better.  Graphics are awesome
76561198031221557,Not Recommended,209650,23740488,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Whiskey,This game seems to have major issues with video. The game keeps crashing after multiple driver updates and debugging sessions as well as an upgrade to the latest windows update. I have been unable to play through the game due to multiple crashes per session and online play suffers due to the same issues. It may work well for some but for me and my GTX770 video card - I say stay away - not only for the poor video stability but because the online community juut isn't there either.
,Recommended,209650,12832093,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,TylerJJ1124,I reccomend this game for people that hated Ghosts. Its new fresh and good looking. Sure it has its downsides but mostly its good.
,Not Recommended,209650,12835087,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bitchup,Multiplayer doesn't work
76561197960286992,Recommended,209650,12829994,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,eSsDe,Adwanced Warfare brings the fun back with fast action and more colorful maps.
76561198114839380,Not Recommended,209650,12821930,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,obama,♥♥♥♥
76561198138221819,Recommended,209650,12831840,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GalioLoveYou,"can barely play multiplayer :( keep disconnecting although had a good connection, exo too....before this i really excited to play aw but now......................."
,Not Recommended,209650,12857786,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,durn,"No dedicated servers, and with the same gameplay you're used to (aside from new exo suits inspired by Titanfall) Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare aims to please by providing a mediocre Campaign and Multiplayer experience that they know you'll buy regardless of what anyone says."
,Recommended,209650,13072210,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Low7rack,meh
,Recommended,209650,12894612,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Meinungs*******,"The movement options with the jetpack are freaking awesome combinedi with sniper rifles it's a treat. And it looks quite ok. But the lags are a problem. When they appear, the round is already lost and you can't do anything about it."
,Recommended,209650,12859122,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,See Dub,"------------------------------------------------------------Below is my original review.  Originally it was negative.  There are a lot of negatives about this game that really irritate me, but I think overall I'd have to recommend it.  I've played multiplayer for over 20 hours, and single player for 6 (and im still not done).  It's not my favorite game, and there's a lot a really don't like, but after playing a game for 26+ hours I have to admit that its worth the money.Most big titles these days are offering 6-10 hours of gameplay.  One of the biggest single-player FPS titles of the year offers about 12 hours to the average player.  I was really hard on this game but to be honest after 26 hours and counting I can't really complain.  It's not my favorite, there are tons of things that bother me, and I definitely wouldn't call this the best Call of Duty ever...  but I can't outright say you shouldn't buy it.  If you like Call of Duty games or games in that style, you should get your money's worth out of this one.  Just try not to get your hopes up too high.------------------------------------------------------------I want to like it.  I REALLY want to like it.  It seems like it WOULD be a fun game.  However, the lag compensation is off the charts.  What happens on my screen and what happens in the killcam is almost ALWAYS different.  Just now a watched a guy running away from me, jump off in the other direction and start firing his gun into the distance.  I then died, and his killcam showed him turn to face me, jump in my direction and shoot me.  I mean this wasn't even just a little difference.I was playing another game where I was sniping and missed a guy by 10 feet.  It said I got a headshot.  10 seconds later, I saw someone who was right next to him AFK.  I took careful aim and shot right at his face.  Missed.  Missed again.  This time I took my sweet time to make sure I was 100% accurate.  Missed.  By this point someone found me and took me out.  When I miss I headshot, when I headshot I miss?  That doesn't even sound like lag compensation, that's just weird.Another complaint is the boost dodge.  There's no way to turn it off.  On consoles, you can tilt your movement stick just a bit to slowly move or to move just a tiny amount.  You can't do that on PC.  The key is either press or not.  So to move slowly or just slightly on PC, you have to tap the key.  Well tap a movement key twice in this game and you're boosting all over the map.  I can't even tell you how many times I've cancelled an essential reload or thrown myself off a cliff because I accidently boosted.  It's driving me nuts and theres no way to disable it or rebind the key.Also, for some reason my mouse button I use for voice chat is bound to ""go back"" in the menus.  I keep leaving parties and lobbies because I try to talk to someone.  I have to stay completely silent during lobbies or parties or I just leave the room.  There's absolutely no setting to unbind or change the ""go back"" feature in the menus.How can I be expected to play a game where everyone who's playing is seeing a different version of it?  How could I have been so naive to think pre-ordering this game would be a good idea?  This is what made me quit Ghosts.  This is why I'm quitting AW.  The lag is unbeleivable and makes the game completely frustrating and unplayable."
,Recommended,209650,14606241,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Admiral Bubbles,"best COD so far, i played the career mode from start to finish not many games out there i would do that with :)10/10or5 Out of 5 purple unicorns:)EDIT---------- After having this game for a long time now i find no online multiplayer game's EVER even if i uninstall all mt DLS packs, very rarely a zombies match also, so after the career game play this game is a rip off and a solid waste on DLC's, unless you want it for the zombies, but still no one to play with unless your friends own it aswell,"
,Not Recommended,209650,13000408,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Frontier Proctologist,"Cosmetics are confusing and weird. Best Helmet expires 30 minutes after equipping.Refund faster than the wind.Found a nice sight, though."
,Not Recommended,209650,16563123,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,chrunchyhobo,by far the worst game ever produced.full of hackers: checklaggy: checkpoor optimization: checklooks terrible: checkno hit detection: checkwaste of money: checktoxic community: checkunbalanced: checkhas exo suits that have caused the end of good call of dutys: checkeroo-9001/10would uninstall and play world at war again.
76561197962597998,Not Recommended,209650,12808321,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,RuffPlays,"This game is utterly terrible. The boost jumping is rediculous, no dedicated servers, abusive players. Been away from the call of duty francise for a few games, but thought id give this a go seeing as it has good reviews. Really regret my decision. Graphics are... acceptable, but not brilliant. Considering this is a ""next gen"" title they arent that impressive. Fully maxing everything gives weird FPS stutters and random load times during play. Gameplay feels weighted and sluggish, and not as crisp as MW2/3, which seems daft considering you have super human speed and a damn jetpack! Also runs bad on my system which has never struggled with any game. I feel slightly robbed, should of stopped this series at MW3.(FX8350@4.8ghz, 2x R9 280x crossfire OC, 8gb ram)Don't download this, stick with Battlefield 4."
76561198028558681,Not Recommended,209650,12805716,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Flea,"Right...SP/ 10/10MP 0/10People who love the COD4 and Blackops...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.... its a waste of money, I thought they would have fixed the aiming system which feels like a sloppy fish, nope its still the old rubbish just like a sloppy fish, not solid, you cannot control the boost movements without moving somewhere where u dont want to move, I guess u can learn that, but over all, the servers are not based for countrys.over all... its  PS4 and xbox gameDont try learning this if you are a PREM player from COD4 or even black ops, cause you will break many screens trying to learn the new aiming system, movement system, and all round intergration of the game with online..The single player is awesome. but besides that, not worth the cd's its printed on."
,Not Recommended,209650,12807147,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,stonerjon,Cant play multiplayer. Too much lag. The game is broken
76561197987138689,Not Recommended,209650,14536917,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Hyena,"The developed of this game spoke about innovation being put into the game...Innovation as defined by the dictionary: A new method, idea, product etc.Innovation as defined by Advanced warfare: The same game, with the same mechanics...with air dashes.Good job, really innovative.While I was ""lucky"" enough to preorder this, a warning to those who didn't...you will die -alot- to the EM1, a weapon given to those who preordered which; has the highest damage of all LMGs, has almost perfect accuracy (theres like a 5% spread at the worst when sprinting/dashing), no kick-back at all, and unlimited ammo (though it can overheat).The game is very much the same as all the others, if that interests you by all means...but i'd avoid anything with ""Call of Duty"" in its name fullstop...if the game itself doesn't put you off most of the community without a doubt have CoD syndrome.CoD syndrome: A frame of mind of which anyone (or anything) that can play better than they can, are immediately hackers, noobs, gays (because sexuality means alot in videogames), etc. etc...Long review short, the game is -exactly- like every other CoD game out there, complete with the same-ish gameplay and community that really kills your faith in humanity.Just play something like Team Fortress 2, you'll thank yourself later."
,Recommended,209650,12851478,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dinkelberg,"Much better then CoD: Ghosts... that was an abomination. This is so much different then any of the previous Call of Duty games, mostly due to the more futuristic nature of the game. Double jump ftw."
,Not Recommended,209650,12975078,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GN1TE cs.money,This is by far the worst CoD unbarible lag and awful game play DO NOT BUY ghosts was better
,Recommended,209650,12959131,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,JimProton,Kevin Spacey
,Recommended,209650,12876377,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Uri Geller,best call of duty ever
,Recommended,209650,13097219,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Im Muslim And Im On T Side,This is one of the better Call Of Duty :D Im having fun on it :D Multyplayer is crazy fun!
,Recommended,209650,13286428,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,n word,guys its about the hackers/cheatsers in the game if u will find some of does guys report tham for activision and please guysthose hackers/cheaters get banned
76561198134682456,Recommended,209650,12956932,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dayman,i like taylor swift
,Recommended,209650,13343384,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,^1Game^8shark,"Very good game. Massive difference from the other games. A bit of lag and CPU intensive maps but still good and fun to play. Can't have a CoD game without some mechanics that sort've ruin the game, but hey its fun with all the EXO boosting and the dashing and EXO melee hitting and slamming. The guns are perfect. Cosmetic items you loot you can redeem for XP to reach max level cap faster. Theres rumors of hackers, but i havent seen any yet. Its difficult to spot them if they arent using aimbots. Alot more fast paced than any other cod game with medium sized maps and thank the gods for no campers. With Threat Detectionfeatures, theres no campers. Ever. The game is addicting."
,Not Recommended,209650,13025797,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,xXBIOHAZARDXx,LoL
,Recommended,209650,13361170,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[RG] Dicks Out 4 Harambe [PRO],"awsome game, excellent moves, swift fast action, u wont find campers on this game like their was on cod ghosts. Only downside is their is lag here and there nothing too big but in the first 2 minutes itll hit u hard and only one map has serious lag if that is fixed totally number one cod of the year."
76561198079862339,Recommended,209650,13219989,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Westfalia,Cool Game!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,23358820,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Raur,Eh
,Not Recommended,209650,24514086,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,mira,I got banned for making my character look like an angrey bird 0/10 worst game i every played.
76561198009853618,Not Recommended,209650,22905626,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Baby.Jesus,Call of duty with jumping
,Recommended,209650,12811363,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ZeromuS,"Nothing special, but thats okay. Very fun game, I was looking for a fun romp and light game to play when bored and I just want to relax with no stress. Counterstrike I expect too much of myself in and the multiplayer game modes are great and change it up a lot.the campaign is a great distraction as well, feels like a summer action movie. The story is fine, cliche for sure but still fun. I recommend this for people who just want to sit down, maybe have a beer and relax. Its a good time, its simple, its fun. Its not the greatest game ever, its got some small issues (like no dedicated servers) but if you want a distraction from your day to day life with no seriousness attached, this is a great game."
,Recommended,209650,12812362,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[S_dlb],verry nice new kind of fps bravo cod edition !
,Not Recommended,209650,12956554,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Chris \[T]/,"Lag muito alto em todas as partidas, mesmo com o ping em níveis excelentes. A cada 10 segundos aproximados, o teu personagem e o dos outros muda de lugar bruscamente e tu te perde totalmente. Espero que arrumem logo.Eu gostaria de recomendar o jogo pois NORMALMENTE me divirto muito, mas no momento não está sendo possível."
,Recommended,209650,12907334,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Deven,"I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. This is probably the best COD I have ever played. I just love the graphics, exo survival, multiplayer, campain, and player customization!!! I recommend this to everyone that wants a good multiplayer game/story!!!!!!!!!!!!!!- Michael Di Giovanni"
,Recommended,209650,24107693,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Winkbell,"Very Cool Single player story, but some  gamplay have a bug also."
,Recommended,209650,12826281,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Super Mario,It's okay
76561198058680896,Recommended,209650,13012213,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Objecting Penguin,"This game is surprisingly not bad. It’s actually pretty enjoyable. It runs like a champion, the gameplay is fun, and I get next to no lag despite everyone complaining about the lack of dedicated servers. The 2 missions I've played of the campaign so far have also been enjoyable. I’m also really looking forward to zombies. The only reason I wouldn’t recommend this game is because of the liveliness of the community. The matches I play are fun, but the game already seems dead. E.g. it took me 5 minutes to find a SnD match today.  I also can’t seem to play certain game modes because I can’t find a full enough lobby. It’s kind of a shame.8/10 not accounting for the low multiplayer population"
76561198149913295,Recommended,209650,12832574,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,LuckyOtter,"I have a love hate relationship with this game, as I love it because its far, far, FAR Better than CoD Ghosts but I hate it because lack of dedicated servers = lots of hackers and the absolute worst lag compensation I've ever experienced on CoD for PC. Review my pros and cons and you can make up your mind if you can live with the cons.ProsMovement mechanics with dashing and jump boosts allows you to play at a faster pace than any call of duty to date, giving you mobility you've never had before.The maps are nicely laid out and feel well designed**(excluding the ones that take a good 1-2 minutes to load) with each having their own theme. It does feel that the maps were designed in a way to encourage people to not camp as it seems every little spot has multiple visible paths.the guns for the most part are fun to use and don't provide to much of a problem gaining mastery over.I absolutely love getting loot crates and collecting different sets of cosmetic gear.I'm one who likes making my weapons gold and diamond and they've added more perks which allows you to get even cooler looking cosmetic gear when you max out all challenges with all weapons in each tier.CONs:Before I go into my main details of what is ruining this game for me let me cover some basics.LASERS? Over powered no skill weapon. its a laser pointer that does TONS of damage at really long range. No need to aim down sites just point, click, and kill it literally turns anyone who is really bad at aiming normal weapons in CoD into having a fairly decent KD if not putting them at the top of the lobby leader board.Melee is a complete joke ruining all the love I've had for running around with only a knife. It seems its different for everyone because for me I have to be directly on top of my enemy to get the melee to actually work and then even then sometimes I get hit markers with something that is supposed to be one hit one kill. However enemies have been seem doing melee attacks an entire body length away or further and still getting the kill.Inventory for cosmetic gear - I see absolutely no reason to limit the inventory space on the comsetic gear you obtain as someone who likes to collect full sets of gear I'd like to keep all sets I collect instead of having to delete / trade some for EXP just to clear space for new stuff.Okay now to the meat of the problems as if the above wasn't bad enough.Though this game is better than Ghosts in many ways, this game has probably the absolute worst lag compensation of all Call of Duty games to date on PC... Where are the dedicated servers and why did the dev's think setting your ping limiter to 800 was a good idea? You could go into the file and change this but it does no good because the lag compensation given to people within the lobby can be seen watching kill cams. On your screen you'll start firing at someones back all the while getting hit markers as they turn around and instantly kill you. Or better yet you start firing the second you see a glimps of a hand / leg / elbow of your enemy running around a corner, you get 3-4+ or more hit markers yet you die. The kill cam of your enemy shows something entirely different displaying that they started shooting at you before you even started firing. It is so noticeable in some lobbies as there is always one clear benefactor of the lag comp with a K/D 3 to 4 times higher than anyone else in the lobby. The more and more I play the game the more and more I start to hate it. It seems like with every knew CoD game being produced that isn't developed by Treyarch just keep getting worse and worse.Worst of all the amount of flat out hackers in the game is increasing daily, they jump around the map instantly killing anyone and everyone that is visible for a split milisecond in front of them only dieing to a random person who some how got behind them. Or they blatantly stand up on a building without moving and kill everyone with each mouse click. Wall hacks are clearly seen being used as their crosshairs follow you around corners through walls.Reporting doesn't seem to do anything because the same people who were known hackers and have been banned before are now back doing it again in this CoD. GG"
76561198088035578,Not Recommended,209650,12823754,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,hayko,"Waste of money! its laggy, does not read my amd 7970 gpu, freezesin the middle of a gunfight! pure crap of a game"
,Recommended,209650,13334206,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Sad_Pyro,gud man! they paid 0$ for this but it still best cod (better than MW2)
76561197968194902,Recommended,209650,24437908,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Pinhead Larry,"This is perhaps one of the greatest COD campaigns of all time.  It is suspenseful, the characters are very dynamic, there are multiple plot twists, and Kevin Spacey is the perfect actor for the role he plays.That being said, I recommend this game ONLY for it's amazing campaign and if you do buy it, you should do so if the game is on sale of has dropped below the $60 price.  The multiplayer is fun for about 4 minutes and it is extremely difficult compared to other COD multipayers.The Exo-Zombies is mildly entertaining but is not even comparable to Treyarch's Zombies mode. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME JUST FOR EXO ZOMBIES.The Game has excellent graphics which of course makes it hard to run so dont buy this game if you plan on playing it on your IBM Think Pad from 2004.The reason I gave this game a thumbs up is for the campaign which is the basis on which most games are judged.  Im aware that the COD franchise is known more for it's multiplayer however in the case of Advanced Warfare, the campaign is the cream of the crop.I hope this review was somewhat helpful in your decision to or not to buy this COD title"
,Recommended,209650,12864137,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Metal Face Doom,well designed
,Recommended,209650,13007666,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,"Nanomachines, son.","I think this is a perfectly servicable game.  The single player is heavily flawed, and while it has several cool moments such as a great chase sequence jumping from bus roof to bus roof on a highway taking out cars and helicopters, good portions of the design drag the experience down.  For example the introduction of new movement mechanics with the exo suits was a great idea, it's a shame the level design and enemy types/placement almost never capitalises on the fun from the increased mobility.  Almost all of the levels are designed in such a way that it seems still the most effective way to tackle them is sit behind cover and pop up and shoot one or two, then wait for health to regen, wash, rinse, repeat.  If you actually try and use any of the mobility double jumps and dashes etc you are just immediately shot to bits even on the lower difficulties.  Also one of the final levels was particularly infuriating, where you are unable to reload your gun for slightly contrived plot reasons (even though in the next mission you can perfectly well) so that once you've expended a weapons ammo you have to just find a new one.  This led me to a situation where I'd shot some guys, run out of ammo and the only guns near me were the ones of the guys I'd just killed, which were under the feet of more guys shooting at me! Rather than make things more difficult and tense the level was just annoying as hell.  There's also the token ""Ghillies in the mist"" style mission too which is identical to every single COD since MW1, and an ending that both manages to fall flat and make absolutely no sense in the context of the plot and the characters.The multiplayer on the other hand is very fun.  The typical fast paced COD gameplay is helped by the extra mobility and seems to bring an extra layer of skill to the table, untill you also realise that the weapons are so horribly imbalanced that due to the fast movement speed, around half the weapons are competitively obsolete.  This results in almost everybody running round at full speed with SMGs or other fast firing short ranged weapons.  While that is fun, it doesn't make for the most varied multiplayer experiences over a few hours, the slight monotony of which is compounded by the seemingly pathetic number of maps to choose from.  I'm not sure if there are more maps specific to certain gametypes but I just seem to see the same 5 or 6 cycling round in the games I've played.  And yet again as many, many people have made the point, NO DEDICATED SERVERS. How you can make a game this big and not have them is beyond me.While that all sounds negative it is still a fun game to play once you get into it, helped by the massive amount of customisability in multiplayer and loot drops.  If you can overlook the numerous glaring flaws the core game is still very fun and addictive and has done just enough in multiplayer to keep it interesting."
,Not Recommended,209650,14558690,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,<VTG>Acerola,"late feb 2015 still no dedicated servers , hackers run amuck still no hack protection ( not like it matters on a p2p match) sledgehammer has gone silent on their promisses of dealing with hackers and getting pc user base dedicated servers , With a free weekend going on right now even if someone by the graces of god gets banned (they wont) they can just make another steam account and continue to hack and people who previously feared getting banned can now just aim bot to their hearts content on a new account with out fear of their real accounts being lost.At its core its a fresh look at fps systems by adding the exos .The single player was okay , looked good even if it was optimized like total♥♥♥♥♥♥Guns are still based of fps=rpm system from cod 2 so there are guns that can be abused by forcing the game past its frame limit. so a gun that 2 seconds of solid damage should kill you kills you in .25 seconds of continuous damage.This was an abortion of a pc port.Trey-arch has one last chance to redeem this series , wont be purchasing another sledgehammer game again."
,Recommended,209650,23018816,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Birkia csgowitch.com,Campaign is awesomeOnline Is Not Awesome
,Not Recommended,209650,22799562,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Google Spirit,Do not buy this game! You can no longer find a multiplayer match without having to wait an hour.
,Recommended,209650,28654301,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,NeoCJay,"In other of coolness:- Awesome history and amazing plot (like always from COD games)- Feels like a playable movie (one more point for the COD series)- Visionary tecnhologies to play with- Plenty of different types of vehicles- Nice level design, less linear than other games of the series- Good combat AI- The exo super jump is regular, not much of useful in a combat- I didn't like the side dashes- Melee failed a lot of timesMultiplayer:- The main issue is related to the migration to a newer COD game, so if you buy it when is not brand new you will end up with a single player game only."
,Recommended,209650,12807293,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bear Greygard,"Just a heads up: This game is basically Call of Duty: Advanced Black Ops 3. The story follows an extremely similar path as Black Ops 2, right down to a few levels that are almost identical in premise. That said, the characters are engaging enough, and the gameplay itself is interesting enough to ignore this fact.The gunplay is solid, the variety of weapon attachments and grenade types allow you to tackle the battlefield your way. My only gripe on this note is that you cannot customize your loadouts before missions like you could in the Black Ops series.The game is a massive resource hog, so be ready to play on lower graphics settings than you would expect. Even on my AMD FX-3550 8-Core and Radeon R9 270X 4gb graphics card, I am forced to play on high settings instead of extra due to severe input lag. Fortunately, the sheer number of customizable settings more than make this problem manageable, so it is fairly easy to find a good median of settings to get that smooth 60fps.Multiplayer has taken on a look that many Die Hard CoD fans may not have seen before. If you are familiar with Titanfall, then this will not be anything new to you. The addition of the Exo Suit and it's myriad of customization options make the game far more mobile than it has been before. Snipers may have a particularly difficult time due to a player's ability to dash in any direction instantaneously. Your loadout is going back to the BO2 points system, which I am personally in favor of. You are given 13 points to fill your loadouts with guns, attachments, perks, score streaks, and Exo abilities. Have fun.All in all, I feel this iteration of CoD is a major step in the right direction for the series, and I look forward to see if Sledgehammer can do it again with a sequel or a new game entirely next time they are up. This game is leaps and bounds over the failures of Ghosts and even MW3, and you should definitely pick it up!"
76561198086231610,Recommended,209650,12804336,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MR HAZARDOUS123,Good way better than Ghost
,Recommended,209650,12805158,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Seamus,"Awesome single player game so far, really fun and not just another COD game."
,Recommended,209650,12939664,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,krijg de tering,Sledgehammer really turned the tables around this year with (my opinion) one of the better call of dutys like black ops 2 and mw2.Its like a whole new playstyle and LESS campers this yearReally recommend this game
,Not Recommended,209650,23879230,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheNotoriousBTB,"DO NOT BUY!  The campaign is dreary, simple, and boring.  The multiplayer is contrived at best and nonexistent at worst.  And we have to pay extra for even 1 zombie map?  Worst COD ever!"
76561198154898152,Recommended,209650,13003290,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,xWounded-Beast,Yes.
,Recommended,209650,12969668,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MORON Crispy,It isn't bad at all.That's mostly because most of the new features are copied from games that are actually good.We don't talk about the campaign.I'd still recommend it for fans of arcade shooters.
,Recommended,209650,14604564,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,PrincessRainbowJumper,Community is so small everyone plays team deathmatch and I want to play classic mode D; But it's pretty fun.
,Recommended,209650,14731960,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Solidus,"Advanced Warfare is more of the same of what you'd expect from a typical COD game. The campaign features the same type of linear mission structures that were present in the first Modern Warfare, and the AIs have not improved much, if at all. As for the storyline, it's rather simplistic; while it certainly isn't the best in the series, it has a much better plot than Modern Warfare 3's campaign, by comparison.The multiplayer and co-op are pretty forgettable, for the most part. The exoskeleton serves practically no purpose at all to the online component of this game, since most people are usually camping in annoying locations and picking off targets at random (in addition, using the boost ability is a surefire way to get yourself noticed and killed).So, in summary, if you're looking for an innovative COD game, Advanced Warfare is not the game to get. I also got cursed out by some squeakers who are way to young to be playing M-Rated games - so, there's nothing new there, either."
76561198061765777,Recommended,209650,12976384,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,AbracadabrA,"Everyone needs to quit there cry baby crap and except the fact that Advanced Warfare is fun to play! With that said what else matters. It is fun. I dont see any of these critics doing or creating anything better, so... Shhhhhhhhhhhh. Hush little baby, don't say a word. Multi is exciting, and with the addition of the new exo powers, it gave these games a nice edge and change. Action packed fun! haha . Buy it!! Buy now!! See you in the lobby. Also a huge improvement as far as the perk systems and class systems go. More like Bo2 than ghosts. Nice array of weaponry as well. Its Bo2 with higher jumping, faster dodging, higher tech equipment. If you are looking for something to be completly new and different from the earlier titles, then you may dissappointed because it has the same feel just more power. :) very fun."
,Recommended,209650,12910977,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Cyber Ninja,col
,Not Recommended,209650,23543855,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,mmok,9/11 would buy again
,Recommended,209650,12940423,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,sn0wfr0g,SO MUCH WIN HURR
76561198053192919,Recommended,209650,14313862,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,_Mike_,just here to no scope scrubs who are not mlg enough to play this and play zombies.
,Not Recommended,209650,13086327,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,big ass nigga,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, deosnt surprise me. multiplayer is cancer. imagine the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer of the other call of duty games, but now they added jetpacks. pretty much just a bunch of people jumping around a map shooting in aimless directions. multiplayers servers are laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ 0/10 truly a horrible game. I would rather drag my balls across lego bricks, broken glass, and burning charcoal than to ever play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ever again."
,Not Recommended,209650,13032442,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Garuda,soo i buy the game check out the story then decide its time for some multiplayer. but when i select the option to find games i find none at all. i asked my friend who had it if he could find games easily and his response was yes. Im just wondering what the ♥♥♥♥. had this for about a month able to find 0 online games.
,Recommended,209650,12875030,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,The Omission,best call of duty ive played in a long time!! and for all you people complaining about lag try switch ur settings from extra to high its a fps stutter not the servers and once i switched i have had no lag whatsoever
76561198007230643,Not Recommended,209650,13032228,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,sjdunker,"Great graphics, but absolete engine (quake engine). Very sensless & pointless multiplayer gameplay. Like ""Fall of Titnas"", but without titans. Singleplayer realy boring."
,Recommended,209650,14847661,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,TommyT.,"I get to fly, awesome. Lasers? ohmygawd... Fun playing with friends? Hellz yeah."
,Recommended,209650,13510133,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Water,"Wow!!! This game is just amazing! Definitely better than Ghosts!!! Not sure about the server issues people have been complaining about though, I haven't played the multiplayer yet! But man, this game is just AWESOME!!! Graphics alone are insane!!! Gameplay has improved as well!!! Just so much things to do now with all the equipments available!!! It's a great buy specially if it's on sale! I got this at 50% off which makes it even more worth it!!!"
76561198165435398,Not Recommended,209650,13134862,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,epic_legend_one,"I wouldn't recommend this game at all. It crashes/freezes at the video intro every time, I have yet to play the game. I will try to get a refund or will dispute it with my card company."
76561198160147309,Recommended,209650,13295919,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,nameless122413,"My suggestion is to not listen to these people who supposedly hate c.o.d. but buy every one of them. The game is awsome. everyone, even the haters play it. The lobbies are stacked both on PC and XBOX ONE. Theres NOTHING else you can ask of an online fps period. and now...  EXO ZOMBIES!! nuff said."
76561198156834099,Recommended,209650,14561917,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pug_of_interest,Super fun on ps3 cant seem to get multiplayer to work ill do it soon though
,Recommended,209650,18364120,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,VaporStrike,"Definitely one of the more enjoyable CoD games I've played in a while. It freshened up a lot of what needed to be revamped, added new features that felt really smooth and at home in CoD, and kept old features that worked well and didn't need to be changed.9.5/10 because there's still ♥♥♥♥ing quickscoping and it's easier than ever.(Note: Steam didn't track my time correctly so there's a good amount of multiplayer hours missing. I did play a lot on Xbone as well, too.)"
,Recommended,209650,26441788,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BlazKingEA,Best. ♥♥♥♥ing. Cod. Ever.Jetpacks let you dodge bullets. Get this game.
,Not Recommended,209650,15283957,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Zippø,Direct X Error / No reply from Steam / Not Recommended
,Recommended,209650,12889092,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Flexorcist,"This game is better than the last few call of duty games, and i feel like the only reason that people dont like it is because there are no dedicated servers.  GTA 5 had server issues when its multiplayer came out and that game won game of the year, but i guess since this is a Call of Duty game it cant be good."
76561198030527743,Recommended,209650,12855962,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Ƭασℓαη,"Pretty awesome so far. Campaigne is nearly done and it's definately been a fun one. First time we see our own players actually talk, even though it's only in the videos. Would love to hear him respond and talk during cutscenes in-game."
76561198073842441,Not Recommended,209650,13871314,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,PleaseKillMe,Total poop one of the games i wish i could refund
76561198133205461,Not Recommended,209650,20860124,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DOCTOROCTORPUS,Look guys I need to tell somethingFirst thing that ı need to tell if you want to buy this game after this point go and buy black ops 2 because there are no people around the game you can play just Teamdeathmatch and I hate it I can't play domination or ranked but this game have good things too. You can fly around with your suit you don't have to use your money to take a gun or points you have to just level up I somitimes enjoying but generally I m suck in this game and I really don't like the storyline.Second WTF guys why zombies is dlc the thing what makes Call of Duty like something new it's zombies but they make a dlc with it and it's suck. I hope this is helps you I'm playing because I gave money to this!!!!
76561197995932583,Recommended,209650,12954372,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mikbane,"I Have good internet, 30+ megabytes/s down and around 2.5 megabytes/s up. So this whole lag debate, i think i missed it since i bought the game on the 12th, or i don't notice it because of the bandwidth.Anyway, so another call of duty gets released, same old crap. That's what i thought too, and i knew i was wrong when i started playing through the game. The storyline is great, and it's interesting. Sure we all know what the end result will be, i personally like how they got there. The abilities are the coolest part of the game, making multiplayer really shine. No more camping as easily, and it really makes the levels alot more fun and fair. I am not that seasoned in shooters, but i am performing great witht he new abilities. Who wouldn't want to be able to cloak for a few seconds to get the upper hand?So, if you enjoyed call of duty black ops, i think you'd enjoy this one, because it reminds me alot of the enjoyable experience i had. Hard to explain how a game feels, but i like the feel of this newest call of duty. And to add, i hated every other one in between black ops and now.Specs.250gb samsung 840 evogigabyte nothing special boardamd 8320 turbo clocked to 4.4ghz2x4gb ddr3 1866 kingston fury blackgigabyte windforce oc 2gb 760gtxSettings are also almost at max, no supersampling and i turned the shadows down a hair. I also don't cache anything.I hope that helps, hope to see you in game!"
,Recommended,209650,13383636,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Combatmau5,its COD
76561198019911206,Recommended,209650,12967589,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SMEGTRILLIONAIRE,"Good:I love the exoskeleton/jetpack gameplay. It is fresh and dynamic.Exoskelton abilities like hover and invisibility are fun to play around with.Exoskeleton juke moves make for awesome replays in Search and Destroy matches.The art style has almost a hint of steampunk influence mixed with cool futurism. Fun character customization online.Bad:LAG, lots of lag online.Dead playlists (this is a real killer). I've never found a CTF match or Search and Rescue even after waiting for 10+ minutes searching.Occasional ""COD AW has stopped working"" Windows error crash.Singleplayer is pretty dull as usual. You can't use the exoskeleton freely like in multiplayer. Feels like a cheesy movie.Overall I play this game daily atm and I'm having fun but the lag and graphical stuttering are really terrible and I hope they fix it soon or I'll probably get bored of these frustrations. This is my favorite COD in terms of the gameplay because I'm a fan of double jump shooters since they aren't so one dimensional. It's fun jumping from above and catching enemies by surprise, and playing fast paced cat and mouse dog fights with other players as you hop around from story to story within buildings and structures.I will recommend this game with the caveat that you will have to deal with technical frustrations. They are barely tolerable. If not for the fresh exoskeleton gameplay I would most definitely not recommend this game. But I support the new gameplay direction for COD and I hope it is here to stay because I am most definitely bored of ground bound COD shooters. At the very least I need vehicle gameplay to keep me interested such as in Battlefield 4. I'll never again be able to play a shooter where you can't leave the ground after playing this one. It would just be too boring and stale. We've all played those types of shooters for over a decade now and I could go a lifetime without ever playing one again.Also I don't know why it's saying I've played the game for 3.5 hours. I've played about 30 hours of multiplayer and a couple hours in single player."
,Not Recommended,209650,13763260,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,|- Senzaii -|,W33n i 1st brugt dis gam i thoughtt iT wAs Pre'♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUt THeN i WaS in Le lobBy and a Pl33yR n33medx xXxXXxxXFaZe SwanzzxXxxXxx joIneD and aSkeD me If i w33ntD 2 JoiN His xxXClanXxxSo i DiD. AftEr He shOw3d meh the co0recT MethoDz oF h0w 2 720 n0 sc0pez i BeGain 2 lik diS gAmI wLd Rec0Mend 69/911
,Recommended,209650,12862848,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Waifusforlaifu,10/10 - It's Okay
76561198066707849,Recommended,209650,14162178,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,OnyxInc,"Spectacular game, but prioritizes console before PC. 8/10"
76561198223485232,Recommended,209650,16920481,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,5am,yes
76561198068169415,Recommended,209650,32059064,Posted: 30 May,all,Shiruka!!!!,Good
76561198036130339,Recommended,209650,13453687,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,VelociraptorEIN,"i love this game, But there are so many expletive bugs. Currently having difficulty completing a match because my GPU drivers keep crashing after the most recent patch.The game itself has an amazing movment system for an FPS of this kind and really changes the game up. I used to be a very high ranking Crysis 3 MP player and this has similarities to said game, As well as TitanFall in refrence to the Jumpkits.Call of Duty has always had a large array of weapons and this game is no diffrent. The Directed energy weapons are very fun to use and when use properly, Are very overpowered. It is no TitanFall however, As most of the attachments are very basic for a game with movment such as this and they could have been a bit more creative.the last bit that i enjoy is the new KillStreak system. This is my first major CoD game that i have taken part in and the killstreaks are so much fun. I feel that they made them a bit easy mode, What with adding their support mods to allow you to keep your killstreak points after death.all in all, Its amazing, But it still is a port from the Consoles. I am waiting for the day that game devs understand the creative freedom they have with the PC platform and stop porting♥♥♥♥♥♥ Instead developing for PC, alongside the consoles."
,Not Recommended,209650,13780557,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,nas,Just. Don't. Buy. It.
,Recommended,209650,12807017,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cha0s{Kamikaze},"Its a big improvement on Ghosts!it also seems to run better out of the box (no tweaking mouse input etc, however this seems to be based on hardware for some people.That being said its not as good as Black Ops 2, but Sledgehammer have done a good job on this... Infinity Ward please learn something from this developer! as you have been shown up."
,Recommended,209650,13329926,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,AzureusFlames,best cod game
,Not Recommended,209650,13708349,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,wallmartshopper,"This game crashes, has server lag, horrible spawns. FIX THE GAME Sledgehammer"
76561197982307829,Not Recommended,209650,12862937,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Warriorprince [HeroicGuy],"CODAW Multiplayer review....A very fast paced and challenging game. I reviewed the game on its release and it had terrible lag, that has since been fixed.Pros...1. Graphics look great on my PC and sounds good too.2. Zombies mode is brilliant.3. Weapon variants add fun and variety to gameplay.4. Hit detection is superb and time to kill is just right.Cons...1. The community does not like it and thus few players and only TDM has players.2. EXO movement means no battelines and you get shot in the back and from above regularly.The game is well made and looks great. But sadly the lack of players and constant deaths from all angles makes it an annoying game to play.COD MP needed this new type of play and it was worth the experiment.But I cannot reccommend it, sorry.6/10"
,Recommended,209650,12957633,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ZuroX,"Been playing CoD since  CoD2 and this cod is the best one after WaW  but it have flaws like P2P hosting, tons of hackers and OP guns  but its quite fun with a bunch of guys to get the cod kids to start QQing"
76561198024155535,Recommended,209650,13373989,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,KILL3R B ®,"I have had a fairly good experience with this game...166 hrs in it...Im runnin a i7 3770k 32gb vengence pro ram dual gtx 770's in sli water cooled 144hz' benq 27""monitor...the game has its moments...both good and bad...every now and then you may find a good stable lobby and have some great games...but then the laggy ones and the one out of five with at least one wallhack.  This weekend was free to play...boy the hax were out in groves! not many aimbots...just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥ wallers!I would still recomend this game just for the experience of it...It has some decent maps, a few good guns(except for the LAZER ♥♥♥♥)...great graffix...Im averaging 88-92 fps during the game...except for defender....I run most always on high settings and have no real issues...BUT...There are those days when it just sux asll the way around...But its the good or great ones that keep you coming back for more...Did I mention WALLHAX?? Yea....a bunch of the little ♥♥♥♥♥s...Commin' for Ya!!"
76561198048539012,Recommended,209650,13233485,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Hitscan,"COD has lack of dedicated servers, Graphics are only a little better, You get shot by all around to easily, Meaning they should ad a spawn time, and this game has a horrible storyline. This game sucks but pressing d or a two times makes getting away a bit more easier, So multiplayer is much better if you just are playing for multiplayer. I give this game a 7/10. But the price of this game is just too high... so it really is 6/10"
,Recommended,209650,13326812,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SparkyGamingTv,This game in one word ''Spectacular''The guns are amazingThe exo suit is so fun to jump around in.The grenads or more advanced <---- In the name so should be lol.Just an all round fun game.9/10
,Recommended,209650,12809236,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DarkenedMatter,"UPDATE!All the reviews since November, 5th being the latest, all are negative saying don't buy the game as there are no dedicated srevers. No, there are not dedicated servers. But they just released a patch fixing most of the early game bug and optimizing connection issues. This means that no there still arent dedicated servers but people joining a game with over 300 ping is preety much fixed. Went into 7 games, each one with no one going under 3 bars and having really no connection issues.This game is great.MultiplayerI keep seeing all these reviews with like 0.7 hours played complaining about the multiplayer.Yes, there are no dedicated servers and its more player to player connection, but the fact is if there lagging that hard and slightly teleporting forward and back, it still counts the hits if you shoot where there ♥♥♥♥ign body is so you must be inaccurate as ♥♥♥♥.Second, if your havign connection issues, one its first day, two, you probably have ♥♥♥♥♥ie internet. Normaly  you connect to a server and all the players are represented there but since its player to player you can have issues if players, or yourself, have bad internet or ping. Especially if you have a very ""Tight"" firewall or other services thta block lots of connections.I'm playing fine and just going with the OCCASIONAL lag spikes from some early game ping. If your going like 1/20 and blaming it on the ping. Either you suck♥♥♥♥♥or your internet sucks. Simple.The GameThe game has amazing customization.Guns have different versions you can find that have upsides and downside to make them equal so their not OP.You can get ♥♥♥♥ing cool badass armor to make your guy look cool through the same method and it doesn't effect gameplay thank god. Just makes you look Badass.All original maps!So in conclusion it's a great COD, a type we haven't seen in a while, and yes, it has it's downside but you must admit it is a HUGE step in the right direction for this long series"
,Recommended,209650,12809537,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,bristol_flyguy1980,"Set in the future, Call of Duty Advanced Warfare looks at what would happen if a single private company were to become the biggest army in the world.The story line is very well thought out, and a twist in the story has you returning the chance at life that someone once gave you. Would you cut off your own arm to save your life and everyone elses ?The action is fairly well paced and involves a lot of dynamics that previous Call of Duty games have lacked. Having missed the Call of Duty Ghosts saga, my review here has not been biased by that.The game introduces a lot of techincal movement aka jumping and boosting on the gorund or in air. This is done by an exosuit. The game has many exosuits in multiplayer and makes the whole system very customizable. In singleplayer you get given an exosuit based on the mission, but in multiplayer you can save your exosuit loadout as a class.Overall I found the graphics to be well polished and accpetable for a next gen title. The realism on the characters faces helps draw you into the story. I was very impressed on character detail in that respect.The game also uses a range of ""toys"" as has been common in past Call of Duty titles, with my favourites being the ariel vehicles. But you also have cloaks and a handy shield which you can use to melee opponents as well.Its hard to write a review on a game such as this, because to truly experience it, you need to play it through for yourself. If you love games such as Titanfall or Planetside 2 and have fond memories of Modern Warfare and Black Ops then i would have no problem recommending this game to you. but please CHECK THE REQUIRED SPECS for this game as you need a pcwhich will have been built in the last 2 or 3 years to run on medium in my honest opinion.Hope this helps you."
76561198097798727,Not Recommended,209650,12834711,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Malaria csgoloto.com,♥♥♥♥♥pc port . crappy hit detection. facking crap kill cam that lies every time . no dedicated servers . lags like fuc . wats good about this nothing get it on xbox or ps4
,Recommended,209650,12879627,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Narom,"Great reinvention of the cod series, 8/8"
,Recommended,209650,12882318,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,speegit,It's a lotta fun. a shame no dedicated servers.
76561198091475944,Recommended,209650,12872014,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,sandwich,I see a bunch of negative reviews with only 30 minutes to an hour of gameplay which is hilarious. With that said I havent had this much fun on a CoD in a long time. 9/10
76561197964903021,Not Recommended,209650,12882596,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ArchKnight,"The game is good, and fast pace but the horrendeous lag and stupid lag compensation make the game of how lucky can you get with a spawn or get behind someone, there's no fighting chance because lag compensation show you before you are there so on your screen you just saw the guy but the guy been looking at you for a good while and shooting the crap out of you already. Also did I mention LAG and more LAG.For such a big company and big title no dedicated server just show what a bunch of failure developer this team is, there's no excuse about it. If my team of programmer ever release such junk we would be walking out the company door that day."
,Not Recommended,209650,26755188,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WhaHappened Exfire,Worst COD ever
,Not Recommended,209650,24552186,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mr_Davy_Jones,.
76561198055411497,Recommended,209650,13096028,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ghost!,A good game over all the mechanics of movement and getting loot is great this game make you want to play beacause you can get loot but there are hackers time to time but over all a really fun game if you like Blackops multiplayer so yeah i would rate it 420/69
,Recommended,209650,12983833,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,unknowdata,"This review is for single player campaign only:Okay, this is my first Call of Duty Title I own on Steam. And I recently build new PC just for this game. (Not really)Story: It's.... future themed Call of Duty with current day's situation as a background (America invasion, Politics, etc). I pretty much enjoy everything apart from the ending. 6 hours total.Gameplay: COD + Titanfall. Dash Dash Dash Jump Jump Jump. Switch the explosiveeee but God..... I hate Quick time event.... They seems to have less, but on one level I retryed so many time because my character failed to jump.Graphic: I never play Cod Ghost or Black 2 in maximum setting (was on low 720p most of the time cuz I was playing on Macbook) So I can't say anything much here. I'm very satisfyed with the performance and framerate on such graphic. on 144hz. OMG.Many people seems to complaining about no dedicated server on multiplayer etc etc. I'm done with this game for now and won't continue with multiplayer anytime soon.I think it's worth it just for the single player campaign. 6 hours worth of Creative mission, fun fun fun. Democracyyyy9/10 For Single Player Campaign only"
,Recommended,209650,13278068,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Starrybutt,"To me this game is much better than CoD Chosts, which wasn't that bad, but I wish that there was a dedicated server for pc.  Although there isn't a dedicated server the new exo gamemode is fun and they campaign is ok at best, overall I think its decent."
,Recommended,209650,18056503,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Poonnapat Xu™,The Best Game To Play
76561198134992006,Recommended,209650,13332161,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Bryan,Nice and addactive game just like the previous ^^
,Recommended,209650,12877742,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cyka Blyatman,"Not going to lie, I had my issues with this game, mostly graphics. It's a fun game and all, but every bad guy in any 'modern' or 'futuristic' call of duty game has been in it for world domination, and each individual (who, I might add, does not hold a position in any country's government) magically makes enough money to hire what are basically slaves to do their bidding. If you're into that, good. If you're a bit tired of some random terrorist going around recruiting thousands of people to just trample every government, look elsewhere.  All in all, it is actually a very well developed game, and it's immersive. A few downsides, mostly in predictablity, but overall, a good game."
,Recommended,209650,12918349,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Madasrabbits,"I was skeptical about buying this game at first but after seeing some review sites that I trust praising this game I decided to fork out the dosh and get it, I was not disappointed. Like many others Call of duty was at once something I looked forward to playing but after year upon year of rehash I gave up on the franchise. Not only was I tired of playing the same game year after year it was the quality of the PC ports which also put me of Call of Duty games. Advanced warfare is a really well done port. The options menu is full and fleshed out and there is a FOV slider available from launch that just adds those features we have come to expect from a PC fps. The new edition of the EXO suits make the multiplayer play much differently from previous iterations and really feels competitive rather than a ""I saw you first I win"" type of shooter. The campaign is a bit of dumb fun with a predictable story line although you do get to see Kevin Spacey in beautiful video game glory.All in all I have enjoyed the game so far (bit miffed about zombies being a DLC but hey)Solid 8/10"
76561197985868973,Not Recommended,209650,13046767,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[tap]Gerthy,not worth 59.99 the game is fun but this is probably the worst COD
,Not Recommended,209650,12989135,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,D dawgy,"If you're looking for a multiplayer shooter this game is not for you. You will have a tough time finding games after you grow bored of Team Deathmatch and Domination. If you're looking to play the ranked play list have fun waiting in queue for quite some time. The issues with matchmaking and lag are quite over whelming.I can't coment on the single player as I've only completed the first 3 missions, but i hear its good. If you're buying this game just for the single player then I'd say go for it. Otherwise, you're gonna have a bad time."
76561198010010720,Not Recommended,209650,13020941,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Flóki,frankly the game is a peice of crapthe singleplayer storyline is very predictable but is actualy very fun to play.thats the good bit.the game is full of bugs. loading times are long.MP servers and matchmaking are abismaliv bought prerelease games on steam that where more ready for sale than this game was. disapointing
76561198060158216,Not Recommended,209650,15877202,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Avalanche,"The sole reason I bought this game was to play co-op with my friends! Splits-screen couch co-op that is.Due to seeing it on youtube I thought this was possible, alas only for PS4 and Xbone.♥♥♥♥ this online♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wanna play with buddies having a beer!!"
,Recommended,209650,12910193,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Creepy,"At first i thought ""oh great another same old 'new' COD this year"".after watching a few videos of it it actually looked like fun. so i decided to buy it and take my chances. turns out it is a great game. sledgehammer has really out done themselves this time. the little twists with the Exo skeletons in the old fast paced shooter that call of duty provides was a stroke of genius. and yes it may seem like the idea was somewhat there in titanfall and crysis. but COD has more mobility than the two have. i loved the crysis trilogy and the multiplayer was great indeed but i could never get quite addicted to it. I'd strongly recommend this to fans of fast paced shooters who'd want the extreme flexibility the new COD offers."
,Not Recommended,209650,20580779,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dkace,Press F to pay respects to the optimization.
76561198018614515,Not Recommended,209650,12871112,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,(ODA) Sabre,"Reminds me why I left the COD franchise years ago with MW3.  Reasons Why:  NO DEDICATED SERVERS (meaning those with the best internet connection is the winner, if we had Dedicated servers, everyone would be on an even keel, connection speaking),  No organized gameplay, Single player campaign got borring(since MW3, they got lack luster), and was pretty much the same game every year after MW2.  So let's start with Single Player.CampaignIt was predictable and boring.  Kevin Spacey was cool and the intro sequences were beautiful but that's about it.  It does a good job explaining the mechanics of the Exo-suits to u.  The problem is that the story didnt grab u and take u on a ride.Co-opThis. was. HARD.  The enemies actually had health and could actually shoot.  You can not take on more that a few guys by yourself or you will die.  It feels tacked-on and futuristic version of MW3's survival(which was pretty fun).MultiplayerThe worst Multiplayer mode I have ever played yet!!!  Do the exo-suits save the mode and seperate from previous cod games?  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.  Half the time u jump in the air, u get shot by bunch of campers in corners(WHICH IS THE ONLY VIABLE STRATEGY IN THIS GAME)  Hide behind cover, aim at the sky, and shoot the ""grasshoppers"" and you will win.  Customization is a joke and COD is pretty decent on that:  The Skins and Attachments are a **** and a half to get and you cant assign your operator loadouts to your classes.  Which is another thing,  the Graphic textures in multiplayer are horrendous and operator loadouts don't ever appear half the time.SummaryI had high hopes that Sledgehammer would stray from the COD stereotype and they failed miserably.  3 years of development and a 200 million dollar budget and all they have to show for it is another copy-and-pasted COD game with Kevin Spacey which served the same role as Peter Dinklage did in Destiny ""He's there so we can say he's there.""DON'T BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,209650,12883914,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Slypig☭,The lag has rendered multiplayer unplayable.  Can not recommend on that alone.
76561198063867215,Not Recommended,209650,12947214,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,CuPO,"This game sucks with all the lag, its not even worth it at this current stage."
76561198004524420,Recommended,209650,12879732,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mito,"Do no listen to any negative comments. They are just haters that started playing cod with Black Ops. This is the best CoD game since MW3. Dont count bops series and ghosts. Mw and Aw are the new gods of gaming. Buy this game without hesitate, you won't regret it."
76561197974877657,Not Recommended,209650,12871009,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blazer420,"Cannot connect to the servers half the time, three times today i've tried to connect to no avail.  Gameplay is fairly good when compared to other CoD's, but its no Titanfall.  This game needs some major updates to its multiplayer, already seeing hackers going 55 and 0 in ground war matches.  All and all another meh CoD"
,Not Recommended,209650,12874780,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,depapel,"this looks good, IF I could play it... I surpass the recomended specs and this game still freezes, and bug, and stuff..."
76561198015871893,Not Recommended,209650,12876879,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,King_FlappingTon,i love this game but i'm tried of this game so many lags because of the connection ''of the game'' and when u play on ''privat with friends'' it just close the game in the middle of the game they need to fix it
,Not Recommended,209650,12877234,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Zen,The game says my CPU does not meet the minimum requirements. plot twist: it actually does. Does anyone know if they will patch this or is it £40 wasted ?
,Not Recommended,209650,18431544,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,happycarrot50,"This, unlike Ghosts, isn't just a bad CoD game, it's a bad game. It's a bad shooter, uninspired, cookie cutter, OH LOOK IT'S IN THE FUTURE AND THERE ARE ROBOTS AND WEIRD GUNS AND THERE IS STILL WAR 'N' STUFF, rubbish.This game is only going to appeal to the types of people who believe that Call of Duty is actually still fun and still going in the right direction as well as people on drugs, perhaps there is an overlap (cheeky social commentary).Because of this game I shall never buy another CoD game again, this and ghosts have taken a total of £100 and received a total of around 10 hours of entertainment. Hard drugs would be cheaper.Graphics are nice though... but hey if you want the graphics and not any good gameplay elements, go watch a ♥♥♥♥ing YouTuber play it and sit there in awe of the graphics until you are highly bored.7/15 - ""Cocaine is better"""
,Recommended,209650,13370714,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,.:trotts:.,I believe this is a strong come back for COD. Excellent missions that evolve at the right pace; talk about diversification and story twists. Multiplayer is also a lot of fun. Well balanced guns and teams makes this an instant classic.If you are on the fringe of coming back to COD - this is the one that will not disappoint.
,Recommended,209650,13373136,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sn33kyPanda,"If you're looking for the next Call of Duty, don't buy Advanced Warfare. If you feel like the CoD franchise has gotten stale, but really like to play FPS, buy Advanced Warfare. Bottom Line: it doesn't play like Call of Duty, so don't expect it to or you'll regret buying it. Myself, on the other hand have not found CoD to be fun since World at War (although Black Ops II was okay..it still just felt like CoD :/ ). I picked up Advanced Warfare because it looked nothing like the ""old ways"" of CoD. It's a VERY refreshing change of pace. It reminds me a little bit of Crysis, actually.Pros- A new take on the CoD franchise- Exo suit really makes the game come alive- Very dynamic and exciting Campaign- Grenades....ohhhh the grenades :)Cons- No Dedicated Servers for Multiplayer :(- Gun Library seems limited (after a mere 3 hours of gameplay)- gameplay seems choppy in fullscreen. (run it in ""fullscreen (borderless)"" and it's fine)- After completing a mission, you need to watch the briefing for the next mission before your're able to exit the game (inb4, unless you Alt+F4)TL;DR: If you like FPS but don't like CoD, buy Advanced Warfare...it's not CoD. It is very much its own game."
76561198098342233,Not Recommended,209650,17246367,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Graykat,waste of money
76561198106024475,Not Recommended,209650,16884082,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Succ or No Succ,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING DEAD!
,Not Recommended,209650,25166996,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,kaje,You are a ♥♥♥♥ing bunny with a gun. WHAT IS THIS GAME!!!!
76561198037157983,Not Recommended,209650,14939840,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,[RCF]TATER,This game sucks it freezes during load ups lag comp is ridiculous and generally a waste of time and money. Your welcome to the 100 dollars you will never get more.
76561198047247058,Not Recommended,209650,14353644,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Samdo,"Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is just another Call of Duty game. The campaign was extremely perdictable, some of the voice acting continously made me cringe, and the ending was very abrupt and quick. The game itself flew by, feeling like I was playing a DLC instead of a game."
,Recommended,209650,13362977,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,PoCa,Good game if they manage to resolve the random stuttering in multiplayer!
76561198061163725,Recommended,209650,23828484,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,wildrider72,"First it was a little boring but after pass 1 hour or so I get hooked. Very nice fluid game play.For Multiplayer I still can get to play, no games found, developers please fix this, it is great game.If your more in to MP I dont recommend.For single player campain absoluitly worth it, should be litlle cheaper, but all COD games are expensive.Thanks"
76561198121972860,Recommended,209650,23937614,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Fatgorillaboyee,I don't know why people don't like this game i find it to be lots of fun and payed a lot on my xbox
,Recommended,209650,12929662,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sushi,"nice game but the game is rekt my pc , if u want play like a boss in this game u need very good pc cuz my friend cant play lol...and if  u play this game u are o_O"
,Not Recommended,209650,13207645,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Idioteque126678,Best server lag simulator 2014! 10/10. (would give a real review if I could play the goddamn multiplayer :3)
,Recommended,209650,13219950,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,BulletproofBeard,"Righto, so I've been playing games since the BBC Micro was stilll around - if you even know what that is, you've been gaming as long as I have,This is simply the best FPS I have ever played. It's like Halo on crack. It's slick (though I did buy a £1400 pc last year).The sound is ridiculously good (well, on my surround sound chair, anyway) and I don't think I've seen one camper because everyone is flying all over the place.It's also the first COD game that isn't another rehash (yes, I've played them all) and my ONLY problem is that zombies did not come with the game. I wasn't even going to get it as I hated Ghosts, but I got pretty wasted last week and woke up wiith the game purchased and downloaded. I wasn't disappointed. Also, Kevin Spacey.And an e-vape. Headphones = heaven."
,Recommended,209650,12983463,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,uponlevels 😏,"Great, fun game!  It seems also that the bugs that the game had while loading in have been fixed so that's good."
76561198048669374,Recommended,209650,13598114,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bappy,"the game is very good,give us dedicated servers and it will be the best cod yet"
,Not Recommended,209650,28194445,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Elijah,Sucks
,Recommended,209650,13748194,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,National Essney,"gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8 no h8 on this game no lag is gr8 and m8, every other review states that there is lag and bad servers but just find a host with good inter net and youll be fine m8"
76561198034121708,Recommended,209650,30919749,Posted: 3 April,all,Muscharaf,Singleplayer is good but multiplayer is great balls ripping action. Exo suits makes game very fast and action. Very well-developed maps architecture.
76561198018911035,Recommended,209650,16032712,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Dack Janiels,"Don't let all these negative reviews sway you from getting this game. I'm pretty unbiased when it comes to call of duty so I'm going to try and write a review. It's either bad or good. One of the main reasons people don't like this game is because of the exos but everyone new it had exo suits before the game even came out. The movement is done decently well with from what I can tell, no problems or glitches what so ever. The game did have optimization issues when it came out but as far as I can tell me nor my brother have issues playing and his rig has a 270x and he gets a constant 90fps playing on a mixture of settings. (my pc parts on my profile). The game doesn't contain any ""over powered"" guns only good, mediocre, not so good and even cheap to use but every game with different guns or gun variants is going to be like this regardless. I see people complain about laggy servers and one of the reasons it's lagging is because hardly anyone plays this game which makes people connect to lobbies that aren't near them (this isn't the only reason but it's one of the main). A lazy thing the developers did with regards to weapons which have only come out on console as of me writing this are things such as the new single SAC is just a re skinned MP-11 including the good variants. The game was clearly not balanced for a mouse and keyboard because on console the EM1 is an okay gun but with the precision of a mouse it is very good and very accurate. Even though many hate this game it is indeed what I would consider a good game. Maybe if it wasn't a Call of Duty game it might have been taken differently but seeing as adding exos and all these new movement mechanics is a drastic change from what other CODs have been (even though many people wanted something ""cool and new"") many were immediately turned off by the game. Don't let a review that someone wrote after they played for a few hours and didn't do well because they went up against another player that was better than them sway your decision. That's not the games fault that they didn't have a good time. It's theirs. All in all if you're looking for a nice fast paced high movement game with a good arsenal to choose from and decent character customization then I think you'd enjoy Advanced Warfare."
76561198039291880,Recommended,209650,15589051,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MacBamse︻芫══一,its ♥♥♥♥ing great!
76561198073232451,Recommended,209650,14652933,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,☺,Where da zombies at doe
76561198033766261,Not Recommended,209650,13021056,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,pat4494,I have all other COD'S and never a problem for my PC.Since downloading the game is unplayable due to chronic lag and freezing problems while playing. I meet pc requirements. I contacted Activision of this problem on the phone. Was put on hold with 30 people ahead of me with constand updates to my position on hold. after 25 minutes I was told I was the next person for support...at which time I was hung up on. The game looks good but unable to play and support is ....what can I say. Would recommend waiting until Activision fixes several problems.
,Not Recommended,209650,13061525,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,epar,its an ok pc port that gets boring after a few hours
76561198083222223,Not Recommended,209650,13318833,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,tegrof,"Oh dear god no.I tried.  I tried to move to COD from BF because of how much I hate EA and their philosophy of screw the gamer, but wow, I think I picked the wrong iteration.  This game is just quake on steroids.If you're into people always seeming to jump higher than you, hackers all over the place, terrible map layouts and non stop holy crap where did that come from, this game is for you.Personally, terribly un-fun for me."
,Recommended,209650,13324617,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Trash Mammal,"Pros:Great Port, Well Optimized Compared to Ghosts.FoV Changer in MP/SurvivalFull Gamepad SupportEngaging Single PlayerCo-op More Enjoyable than ExpectedTROY BAKERNo Russian Villians this time.EXO Movements breathe new life into a nearly-dead franchise.Cons:Graphics Tweaking is the same as Ghosts (i.e. Mission Reload in SP, Menu-Only in MP)No ServersNormal Textures are Exeptionally Crappy in this Entry.Some Maps cause FPS Issues.FoV Higher than 90 will result in ""Ghost Arms"", causing the edges of Arm Models to be visible."
,Not Recommended,209650,28742415,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr. amckern,Crashing every few seconds with a directx error - can't fix according to Activation support article
76561198015629093,Recommended,209650,12809069,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,09RG,Not bad fun to play MP Campaign mode is fun too :)
76561198034249481,Not Recommended,209650,13157830,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ScourgeOfIron,"At $65, 10-15 more then most pc games seems greedy.SP -story, while sticking to the cod linear path as past games, I have always liked the story and COD:AW is no exception.Buggy cutscenes I experienced have supposedly been patched, and a few critical mission actions involving hitting a specific key (Last chase scene my character would not slide under the door no matter what) are the only drawbacks.Stealth missions were a highlight.Would be nice if collecting intell gave some cosmetic stuff for MP.MP- fastest pace cod to date. The double jump/stafe adds alot of movement, making the battlefield more vertical.Low TTK, small maps as usual, though more routes across map then in the past.The supply drops are a cool feature, giving gun varients, cosmetic gear, xp buffs or orbital drops in game.The lazer is a fun new weapon, although it has recoil and spread...Other futuristic energy weaps include a shot gun and semi auto AR, the shotty still needs shells and the AR shoots marshmallows.Exo abilities are mostly a 1 use (cloak/shield/heal ect) and its a shame they dont slowly recharge.The best guns are mostly the starter/early guns, mostly AR'sThe burst fires, some smgs and pistols need a buff.Team defender is my fav game, but its not here.Ground war is hard to get into, most players are in TDMAimbots are around, met maybe 10 so far and as long as everyone reports them they disappear quick.Game crashes often loading mapsThe real bummer is yet again, no servers, so no server side hit dection. Every game has the top 2-5 players smoking the rest before they can react because of the p2p lag. Been on both sides, 9/10 games its the laggy side.Not sure how you can have competitive games when the gameplay is inconsistant.FOV is capped at 90, 110 would be better.6/10 Has the potential to be great, maybe after some patches."
,Not Recommended,209650,13174136,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Razorkiller1337,"Performance sucks, campaign is good, laggy♥♥♥♥♥servers. - 10/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,209650,21991181,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ICCY,♥♥♥♥ you this is for sure the worst cid so far it crashes my computer and it laggs all ovrr the place thanks for wasting everyones $60 when this is worth $5 dont buy this game
76561198121053978,Recommended,209650,14578783,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,irieman_uk,"This is a very good game. Somehat spoilt by I am sure are by a minority of gamers using additional software to improve their game. That being said, the concept of the game is brilliant and very fast paced shooter with good strategy needed to be used if you are your team want to win. I would recommend this game,  but just be ready for when you believe you are doing well, only to go into a match and get totally anhilated by the opposition?Good luck if you purchase this game"
,Not Recommended,209650,13375826,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cranberry,"6/10 While stuck on the Loading screens, it gives you time to think about your lifestyle, and why you're choosing to wait for this game but..what is gamewhat is lifewhat is universewhat is codwhat is computerwhat is steamJust things that go through your head while you wait 30 mins for a loading screenLove you0 Nightmaresx"
,Recommended,209650,13694223,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,PHNTH,Probably the best Call of Duty. I really recommend it.
76561198012566548,Recommended,209650,14602851,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sonic,"I really enjoy the game, even though at times the gameplay can be a bit repetetive, even though its one of the best video games of its kind."
,Recommended,209650,13132045,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,darthwirth,This is the best Call of Duty I've played since Black Ops 2. The Supply Drops are a nice touch with their random loot. The Spike Drone are awesome even though they aren't as cool at the tomahawk BO2. Maps are nice and each have their own personality. Only bad experience I have had so far is with the spawning in places that are very close to enemies.
76561198093726907,Recommended,209650,14601911,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Agent Knight,"Well, the uninstall button works at least..."
76561197978292235,Recommended,209650,14604228,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,=LBC=LilBitch,Its a great game when i can connect to some one.
,Recommended,209650,13164125,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,F3ltup | Twitch,"Alright, I want you to look at the amount of reviews that are negative, in a random 10 selection, I have come to the conclusion that 90% of the negative reviews are due to the bugs/crappy computers people own. Not on the content of the game itself. The people of the steam community just love to complain about their machines in a way that makes other people think that the game itself isnt good,SingleplayerNow I played the whole singleplayer with a bootstrapper program on my mac offline in a car with a trackpad, So I may have not grasped all of the content. However the story seems quite strong, I'm not going to reveal anything, however the reason I bought this was Kevin Spacey. Aside from that the story is short. Took me about 6-7 hours. Mechanics are slightly different from multiplayer and thats something I enjoy.7/10Multiplayer & Exo:This is where most people have been mad about the bugs. I've seen many bugs, yet the lag compensation that was off of immediate release is now a lot better and the only thing I find wrong now is that I get kicked while loading into a game sometimes. Might be on my side, I honestly dont care and wont judge the game because of that. The maps seem to be a little repetitive, yet they are well made. Some spots that are on tall buildings I think could make the map better if you could get to them instead of the map blocking the area. The Weapons dont seem to be anything special, but are quite a bit different from past COD's. There have been new Supply Drops added which give you gear for your charecter. The last thing I want to say is that on PC, you can't play any mode you want at any time due to the lack of players. Exo isn't much different from zombies except for the fact that it takes place on mulitplayer maps. Their are 2 randomly dropping upgrade stations.9/10"
,Recommended,209650,19488247,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Rogers Todger,great game
76561198158185121,Not Recommended,209650,19484933,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Raym4n,"Too many micro-transactions,No players on, but the campaign was very enjoyable"
76561198116646103,Not Recommended,209650,13976578,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Floppy,sucksssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!! Succcccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkksssssssssssssssssss
76561198097777616,Recommended,209650,13867713,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Supreme,*fap fap fap*not my favorite C.O.D however a great game but it NEEDS dedicated servers
,Not Recommended,209650,13899442,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lee Cook,"Just another game that they decided to sit down and pump out their♥♥♥♥♥ Terrible, cant believe they make the money they do. I hope a car bomb goes off outside their building one day."
,Recommended,209650,12896434,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,AoKage,"This game made up for the past Modern Warfare games, and Ghosts."
,Recommended,209650,13504358,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jtroulston,great multiplayer and the single player looks like a movie but on the mutliplayer there are a few hackers and some lagging. hopefully it gets resolved soon
,Recommended,209650,13504510,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GMANDEAD,Good game much better then last two
,Recommended,209650,13823044,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bingo God of Meme's #BlameBingo,Dis is dat MLG sheet on a stiiiick.
76561198084333103,Recommended,209650,13760495,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Venom,Great game!
76561197972441886,Recommended,209650,14519360,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Sgt. James,gREAT game !!!!!
76561198017086385,Not Recommended,209650,13765683,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Haze,The campaign is great.  The exo survival and multiplayer don't connect to online services.  Worked fine when I got it.  Now it doesn't.  I would not buy this game for $60 when it isn't fully functional.
76561198093883105,Recommended,209650,14513512,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Last Of his kin,Great game and annoying with lasers :P
76561198042742496,Recommended,209650,13010847,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Code:Pandorum,"Good Game, Give It A Try."
76561198093154093,Not Recommended,209650,14372930,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Pico the Puerto Rican Pelican,HorribleIt was one of the greatest games for the few first months and then when i leave it alone for a little bit and it doesnt want to start up. Ive tryed delteing it and reinstalling it but it never even started up. But just now it suddenly started up GREAT right but then when i clicked online it doesnt work.Basically its not worth all the trouble that it takes to even start it up. Waste of $60
,Recommended,209650,14368671,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,DEF>XI<,"I like the game except for all the jumping around, I would like to see the game without the exo."
,Recommended,209650,13229125,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ShadowOTD #Ramen,"This is a great shooter, it's nice how Activision are adding more twists to their regular gameplay and overall plot.8/10 This one is going to surprise you with it's glorious graphics and smooth gameplay."
76561198152433082,Not Recommended,209650,13332497,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,luke,cant connect to online services.. waste of my money buying this game
,Recommended,209650,13217431,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,walsin,i Recommend this game awsome game no fps drop or lags for me i love it
,Recommended,209650,19568667,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Freeloader,"Nowhere near as bad as many of the reviews made out. One player campaign was pretty passable, with the AST bit in the final levels adding a little variety (even if it was too easy). Multiplayer not as good as Black Ops though, so on to BLOPS3 for me!"
,Not Recommended,209650,17629138,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ballistic,"Sledgehammer did absolutley terrible on this game if i would give it a rank it would be literaly -1 trillion out of 10 the maps are god aweful theres no balance to the weapons letraly it seemed like sledgehammer gave permission for a 10 year old to make this game. This game is so bad even Hitler couldve made a better game than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥u call a ""game"". Its like theyre asking for more hackers to be in the game because it's litterly just a bunch of rabiits on crack jumping around with weapons. Dont make the same mistake i did save ur money cuz after bo3 COD is gonna die"
76561198126923282,Not Recommended,209650,14017818,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,|Dispicable|Doom|,this game i confirmed for game of brones tier gameplay white people jumping as high as wesley snipes on crack in short if you like supporting a dying genre please by all means by this mlg swag optic faze clan game
76561198105691874,Recommended,209650,16035188,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,AF3x,its the best call of duty ever
76561197977989409,Recommended,209650,12809199,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Unearthed,BEST CALL OF DUTY EVER CREATED!!!! THIS TIME THEY NAILED IT!!! 9.5/10.
,Not Recommended,209650,13023917,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ARMaster,"UPDATE 8/31/15:I want to take back everything I said positive about this CoD game as of now I've been experiencing black screens on launch constently until it brings me to the menu after over 10 tries.SH has not even bothered fixing the bugs in the game as they've too busy shoving DLCs down our throats w/o a single fix. I've changed my rating into a negative thumbs down as SH doesn't seem to care about their game and I'm not even gonna mention the community because screw that noise. Also SH also promised Dedicated servers and it never happened. Avoid this at all costs, get Blops 2 w/ the season pass.Original Review from 2014:I didn't think making a review of a Call of Duty game was gonna be a thing for me knowing that most of the CoD games have been pretty crap (except Black Ops), but after playing this one I felt that it would be good to make my own honest review of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. I'll be honest though I was judging this game pretty hard thinking that it was gonna be like Ghosts, but surprisingly it wasn't. I'll go ahead and talk about the game truthfully and I'll say if I would recommend it or not.Single Player Campaign:Every CoD game has a single player story mode that no one ever gives a crap about and knowing that most of their SP storys are not too great I can understand that. AW's story stands out as the same as the rest; scripted, too linear, and same as always CoD SP mode. I do wish if there was a CoD game where you can decide how you want to play for example playing the whole mission stealth, but its a CoD game I doubt it'll ever happen. It has some interesting moments here and there, but it's basically your average CoD single player. Nothing special here other than it has Kevin Spacey...oh and no FoV slider.Gameplay:CoD games pretty much have the same gameplay mechanics, but this one takes a different turn. Instead of the old follow your AI companion, hold in this one spot, shoot bad guys, move forward, wait for a long time for your AI to climb up a ladder before you use it, repeat, it introduces more futuristic mechanics. By calling the game Advanced Warfare you are able to have certain ablilties in SP and MP. Like you can use rocket boost to jump up on higher areas, side dashing, cloak, and a thing where makes everything in slo-mo so you can kill enemies a lot easier which I totally forgot what it was called. The game does have some interesting and fun mechanics and I do enjoy them...well some of them.Controls:I'm not gonna lie, but the controls in this game are pretty annoying. Knowing you have cool abilities I just mentioned there are some things that do make them annoying and could screw you over. I hate the side dash A LOT! Now with that you can hold shift key and hit A, D, or S to do a dash, but the crappy part is it also does it when you double tap the keys. For example, when I'm behind cover and I want to peak out a little just to get my shoot I'll accidentally side dash out of cover and into the open getting my a$$ killed. Idk why they made the controls like that and I want to know if there is an option to disable something like that unless I have to rebind keys which will be more of a pain. Overall, the controls are a bit wonky and I keep forgetting E is melee and no longer V. I hate it when they change the original controls it's like swapping the A and B buttons on an NES controller.Graphics:Recent CoD games used the same graphics and engine since 2005 and they still used it in 2013 making last year's CoD game a trainwreck. AW's graphics, however, looks damn spot on. The game's graphics is 20x better than the old CoD games and 50x better than Ghosts. The shaders are nice, the textures are high(ish) quality, and most of all the NPC models look damn good. In the cutscenes they look a lot more realistic and hell even Kevin Spacey looked like Kevin Spacey in the game I was quite impressed. The game's video settings is a lot more detailed than ever in a CoD game unlike Ghosts where it was half-a$$ed like the whole game itself was. I'll admit the graphics does make the game a lot more nicer than it has in the past.Performance:Performance is the most important thing to have in a PC game. PC users with high/ultra end systems want to best experience from games. Unfortunately, Advanced Warfare has failed to be a well performed game. We all know that Ghosts was a terrible port to PC last year and it was pretty bad, but AW performance may be not be optimized well, but it can be somewhat playable. I recently purchased a Nvidia GTX 970 this month and the first game to test it out with was this game and so far it played well in the beginning w/ high - very high settings with little bit of MSAA, but further in can create some terrible stuttering. I fooled around with the settings just to prevent the random stutters and I managed to fix it sorta by turning off motion blur, but it still becomes a problem at some points and it can make the game unplayable. I'm not the only one with this issue as I discovered many people w/ ultra ends have the same issue. The game's performance is trial and error. You could be the lucky one who plays on max and have over 100 FPS no stutter what so ever, but when many people have the same rig as you, but can't play the game as properly as you then it means the game is completely unoptimized for everyone. People say it's Nvidia's driver update or it's the Dev's fault. Whatever it is it is godly annoying and does make the game unplayable. I've died in SP mode many times due to bad stuttering. What's odd is that MP mode's performance works fine while the SP is completely a cluster. I have tested MP w/ bots and the game's performance was fine, but then the stuttering came back and started screwing my up hardcore. It really pisses me off when a game on PC doesn't perform as well as you wanted no matter how good your rig is. Just remember that the Dev's cared more for console users than PC when it comes to CoD.Multiplayer:I never played publicly yet due to crap performance, but I have played with bots to get an idea of it and the gameplay of it is okay. I don't play much CoD multi what so ever, but when the performance issues have been (if ever) patched out then I'll give it a go. So not much to say but just basically CoD Multi. Oh and there is only Matchmaking. Seriously guys what's with not having Dedicated servers? It should be a requirement for all multiplayer games to have dedicated servers instead of a crappy matchmaking that will never connect you to an official server. We haven't had dedicated servers since Black Ops 1.So after saying in my own words about this game would I recommend it? I would say yes and no. I say no because of the poor performance it has and knowing that the game can be unplayable even when you screw around with the video settings and hearing that the matchmaking for MP is completely balls. I also say yes because it's actually a good CoD game. It's not the best CoD game, but it's a damn decent one. It's pretty fun with the new mechanics and better looking quality for a 2014 CoD game.7/10! If I were you I would wait for the game to be patched to fix the performance issues so the game will atleast be playable and maybe wait for a sale too. I know there is gonna be a free weekend for this game sometime so if you are still not sure about this game then wait for a free weekend to play multiplayer free and you can decide from there. I would recommend this more than Ghosts. ♥♥♥♥ Ghosts!"
,Recommended,209650,23732094,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,⛒ Ranger342,Best military funeral simulator on the market!1775 outta 101 X Press = 1 respekWould pay respects again.
,Not Recommended,209650,15792539,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Spookmeister,save yourself 60$ and buy 2 good games
76561198132193589,Recommended,209650,13817313,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MasonTheHog,Call Of Duty Advanced warfare is by far my most favourite call of duty the exos are easy to learn the campaign is amazing and youll just love it. Its so fast paced that youll be looking every where the game is just amazing.Tottaly reccomend it.
76561198137787228,Not Recommended,209650,13264250,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fyre Playz,I tried playing the game (I have 4GB not 6GB of RAM) but it always freezes or crashed before I can even start a level. I would Like a fix
76561198142366139,Recommended,209650,16759895,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,FrostyPants,11111111111111/10
,Not Recommended,209650,15678213,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Aidan Kozak,"well I just spent 50 bucks on this and I decided to play some multiplayer and after trying EVERY game mode I cant get any match because my NAT type is strict and I looked it up and im not the only one with this problem, I tried to get to the ip address or whatever and I have to login to an account that I dont have so the real game is OK but otherwise the multiplayer is unplayable.real game: 7/10online:0/10"
,Recommended,209650,17386835,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,StraykerBR,Yes Very good game
,Not Recommended,209650,18071061,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,WAR MACHINE,"this game was pretty good,but the last update meesed it all up. i get the same no games found,been like this seen BO3 beta came out. i love all callof duty games but this is crap. a lot of people have the same problem but still no fix,please fix. until a fix is made thumbs down."
76561198052174693,Recommended,209650,18715130,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[308]WARPATH ®,GOOD
76561198116282911,Not Recommended,209650,12909914,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,StrikeGearFox,Call of Money: Recycled Warfare.
,Recommended,209650,12881135,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Trump.,Love it. Lasers and Jumping 11/10
76561198027113607,Recommended,209650,12881573,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Twinkies,Have not played it too much yet but great so far. Graphics look great and even though i suck right now i am having fun. Played on the xbox one too first and the expierence is a bit different on PC because of mouse acceleration. But the gameplay is fun and just stop hating on the game and enjoy it.The feature to customize your solider is really fun and the jetpacks are going to take some getting use to but it's a game.Have fun and enjoy it.
76561197984978716,Recommended,209650,12881904,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Chief USN,"This CoD is head and shoulders above ""Ghosts"".  IW has gone stale in the IDEAs department and it's good to see Sledgehammer's work.  All of the negative comments must have been made by the guys who made ""Battlefield"".  To those who hired Sledgehammer give yourself an atta-boy!!I like it.... a lot."
76561197970487580,Recommended,209650,12881975,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SauteDave,"Ok enough already!   This rehash of the same ""basic"" storyline complete with the same basic game play, the same basic beginning, and the same basic tired ending; is enough.   Further the  multiplayer is just the same old thing, over and over again.  However, should your system be able to digest the code, the visuals in this game are stunning.While I enjoy something new to play,  like everyone else.  The reality I have played this game before.  Several times over with: Cyrsis, COD, BF, Titanfall and the host of others.     I don’t know about you, but I could use something new in the FPS arena.I only recommend this game only if you have $60.00 to burn and you need fix.  If you don’t have the cash, don’t worry, you are not missing a thing that you wont enjoy more when the game is $29.95"
76561198048617523,Recommended,209650,12882237,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Farker Image,"Its pretty good, a lot more fast-paced now that the exosuit has been added. Now trick kills that look nice on camera can be executed and enhanced with the exosuit movement."
76561198063385651,Recommended,209650,12882249,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Confucius,"I know some people (quite a few) only play Call of Duty's for the multiplayer, but I ASSURE you, the campaign is well worth playing.It's both graphically and emotionally enticing. Then going from that into the multiplayer, alot of that carries over, with the gear, moves, possibilities. but if all the Exo-Manuevers are too much for you, you can play ""Classic"" modes, it's all the same weapons and gear as COD:AW but without all the jumping around and slamming into each other.9/10, definitely reccomendand if you're wondering why i'm rating a 9 instead of a 10 despite me basically brown-nosing this game, it's more to do with the players you come across in multiplayer with hacks that are already being used and advertised by the players using them.. but that's more players than the game so..10/10 for the game itself7/10 for the players you come across"
,Recommended,209650,12882506,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Ben,"Fantastic now that multiplayer doesnt lag as much! My favorite Call of Duty by far! Absolutely Reccommend! Any other reviews stating that there are no dedicated servers could still be correct, but from what I have seen I have had a 4 bar connection almost every game today. I think they have finally released the dedicated servers we have all been waiting for, and it is time to actually play the game."
76561198037027401,Recommended,209650,12882520,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,GholaOfMe,"Loved the story, KS is freaking awsome badass villain, and the multiplayer, is great! fast paced action"
,Recommended,209650,12882554,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Nestor Fade,Really glad that i got this game
76561197970473155,Recommended,209650,12882666,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,PolishTank,"Decided to give quick review on this because of all of the irrational hate.No dedicated servers; but is that such a big deal?   Especially since I'm in no hurry to jump on servers that roll the same 3 maps over and over and have 2000 point reaches that take a 1/2 hour to complete one freaking match.  I'm sorry but BF4 taught me that most dedicated servers muck with stuff too much to be all that, IMO.Performance and Bugs - A little bit of lag but nothing out of the ordinary for a new release.  There is a crash here and there but nothing crazy, and they'll be patched soon.Single Player Campaign - Same linear experience as the others.  Campy action plot.  However, the action is mixed up more than previous games and its longer than the others.  8/10.Is it the same old COD?  Yes and no.  Its a still a COD game, there is no mistaking it for anything else.  However the new weapons and exo abilities are really cool.  The maps are mostly good with a couple of duds; per usual.For me, this was worth it because I haven't played COD since the 1st Black Ops, so it was a long break and I'm having fun getting back on the COD multiplayer scene, and I'm proably going to play this as my quick 1/2 hour MP shooter fix for a good while.  However; if you never liked COD then obviously don't buy this one as it does nothing to address what you hate.  If you played a lot of COD but ""burned out"" I suggest a no buy until you really feel like getting into the COD scene again.But for me, this game is all good, brainless fun.  Its not perfect, but worth the $60."
,Recommended,209650,12883102,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,-BoxxedButter-,Call of Crysis 3: Titanfall x actually is a fun game. better than COD ghosts.
76561198132076499,Recommended,209650,12883266,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,zo0m_328,"its a good game,just for fun though not for serious gaming."
76561198027511742,Recommended,209650,12883489,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Topgear,Best COD so far!
76561198081257070,Recommended,209650,12883572,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,koboxer911,"Great campaign, great graphics, new gameplay mechanics, new guns, great multiplayer, fast paced FPS, etc. This game really hit the spot. I haven't bought a COD game since Black Ops because MW3, Black Ops 2, and Ghosts were all rinse and repeat. This game really added a lot to the series. Activision and Sledgehammer Games really hit their mark. I definitely enjoyed this game, and plan on playing it for quite a long time.Graphics 10/10Story 9/10Sound 7/10 (I get some sound glitches during cut-scenes)Gameplay 10/10Muliplayer 10/10(I haven't tried the co-op yet so I can't give you a score on that)"
,Recommended,209650,12883724,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,TheMXPRGamer | Moore |,"This game is great and i hear rumors that this game is like ""Halo"" or ""Titian Fall"" this game has nothing to do with those games only just the thrust movement from halo but thats the only thing. There are some pros and cons of this game and i think you should review over them. This is my opinion!Pros-----1) Graphics2) Gameplay3) Story is great4) Fun to play online or exo survival5) Better than ghostCons------1) Multiplay has some tryhards2) Still Drop shotters3) one shot snipers"
76561198102266947,Recommended,209650,12883886,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SuperSnipes119,it is a very fun and addictive game if you like the call of duty franchise then GET THIS GAME because it is by far the best cod game i have ever played.
76561198073987891,Not Recommended,209650,14175464,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,OleRedNeck,nice game..
,Recommended,209650,14173282,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Cunt,Fun Exo survival but the Multiplayer is dead.
76561198047987599,Not Recommended,209650,14178850,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sylz,"Serious waste of time, can hardly ever connect online and when you finally connect you're faced with peer to peer connection with no dedicated servers. Activsion' makes billions of $ a year and they cant even provide us with ♥♥♥♥ing dedicated servers. GO ♥♥♥♥ YOUR SELF ACTIVISION."
76561198118699611,Not Recommended,209650,14182735,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Blindsniper,"I've tried to play multiplayer for almost a month now and no go. I can't connect to any server and when I do It's not a dedicated server because everyone has some cheat going(ex. people flying around and no one reloads their weapons). I think the biggest thing that pisses me off is I purchased the season pass and I have still not recieved any of the add ons they've produced. Literally they just took the money and laughed that's horrible customer service for you right there. DON'T PURCHASE THIS GAME!!!! Save your money you won't miss out on anything by skipping this game!(UPDATE)After being able to get into some multiplayer matches I can give my two cents on the multiplayer. Lack of servers for a newish game is very disappointing. You would think that you'd be able to play any game mode and have multiple servers going. It seems to me that everyone in the lobby is final prestige and have all the bells and whistles, which so be it that how all COD games are, but you'd think that they would have a game mode for low levels to play and rank up a bit before getting thrown into the game with nothing. Gameplay to me runs faster than any other COD game. The EXO suits are a nice touch to the game. So far I really haven't played on any ""big"" map so it's all some what CQB. Basic COD new weapons, different maps all in all the multiplayer is farely good! They should fix the lack of servers but other than that not too bad."
,Not Recommended,209650,14219619,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gucci Sweatshirt,Multiplayer is dead. Can only join TDM and Mosh Pit game modes even with open NAT.
,Not Recommended,209650,14421837,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Wilson no,"Do not buy this game!My PC runs Bf4 on ultra and in this game i got low fps. The interactive maps (Defender and Recovery) lags in every match begining. The connection is a shame for Activision. Each 3 matches, me and my friends get a lot of lag and we see players teleporting through the map.The EM1 gun (Laser gun) is SO MUCH OP on pc that works like a giant star wars sword killing instantly who is in close or medium distance of the killer.Without the hardware lag, conection lag and EM1 the game would be perfect... But they love to gain money every year using the same graphical engine applying a massive marketing for the game that has been ridiculous in the last two years."
76561197970425880,Not Recommended,209650,14397271,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,WaR187,Like about this game is the guns and attachments.  Dislike the hackers that you come across and it does seem to stop!
76561198018674196,Not Recommended,209650,14473403,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LenSolo,"This game is full, and I mean FULL of bugs, glitches, errors, and problems. It has been out for months and despite multitudes of postings and complaints very little has been done to address the issues. The few patches they have put out have not fixed a single issue I have had and a quick search show I am far from alone. I have played COD since the beggining of the franchise but I am afraid this continued failure to produce a working product or reasonable support after release is going to cause our long standing relationship to come to an end."
76561198075438208,Not Recommended,209650,14375197,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,jacketti,"Nice, IF NOT only 6 v 6, disgusting! cheap game design, maps look nice but are designed u can reach any corner all time in like 3 seconds, wich invites circle killing streaks.. definit lost all flair and glance it had in cod 2 , wich i freaking think was serieus at least 8 v 8 or 10 v 10 , but i am sick of games 6 v 6, and my cost €100 , € 50for start and upgrade (useless or super aggresive 2/9 of game not accesible) extra €50Might be my 4,5mb connection (supersteady) but game frooze, 80 times i played frooze 10 timescan you imagine buying teh whole cod box for around €400 and end up with playing 6 v 6 ON PC, while pc already supports modals for 30 v 30, COD should be adult and make stuff liek 10 v 10 or 12 v 12 16 v 16 upto 20 or 25, other wise its just a campaign mode game wich just happened to be playable multiplayer"
76561197979666136,Recommended,209650,13212552,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ManofPeace,Fun close quarters action great graphics FUN!!!
76561198008598477,Recommended,209650,13245637,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Chief Tyrol,great game   really intense battles
,Recommended,209650,13246299,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Stephanie,War. War never changes.
76561198080592344,Recommended,209650,13359592,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,pepe.mov.csgogem.com,this is a action packed game and is full lots of cool things
76561197990317885,Recommended,209650,13356474,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ZhoX™,"I love this game, best CoD game ever !"
,Recommended,209650,13356989,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Demagolka,To my knowledge the first call of duty where you can't reload while sprinting.  10/10
76561198015540601,Not Recommended,209650,13364269,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Deacon,Same cheats as any Call of Duty gameValve and Steam do nothing to stop the HacksJust another Call of Duty hack fest
76561198031734580,Not Recommended,209650,13253384,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,RapeSeed,"Year after year I seem to buy the same game.. and I don't usually have a problem with that as I play the cod games because I like the fast movement and because I don't have hours to sit aroundThis year however AW was announced, sure it sounded good and damn it looked good too but were the mechanics ever thought about properly? I play this game and all you get are players jumping around the map like morons and shooting you from behind.This game was a fresh retake on the COD franchise but I wish I could have my money back, anyone who loved the gameplay of other COD games... this is not for you - BO2 all the wayI dont buy these game for single player so this review is based on multiplayer"
76561198038859227,Recommended,209650,13255147,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,MOPPING ☾✯,great
,Not Recommended,209650,12954057,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,FearsTears[TR],"DO NOT buy this game for now.I spent 3 hours in 2 weeks trying to join multiplayer.But every time I try it,it keeps me saying ""Service is not available.Try again later."" I only joined the online session for 10 minutes on the release date morning.Now I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Where is my money gone? Call Of Duty simply ate my money.Anyways,I played Singleplayer because I couldn't join MP.And I finished it.It takes about 8 hours to finish it.I DO NOT recommend this game at least to the December.Just wait for some patches.This game's mp really sucks.They  HAVE TO fix it!  Have a good day and I hope you consider this review when buying this game.-Happy Gaming!Update   20.11.2014I still get the same error message and this game frustrates me.Activision and Sledgehammer,please read this review and tidy your sh"""" up.Or give me my money back.I don't want to waste my time anymore.Please help at least if you can't give my money back.Update 2  26.11.2014I figured out the problem and I changed my modem to my old.It works fine now but I really want to use my new one,so at least I am waiting an update for this issue.Anyways,I would say the game is so much better than Ghosts and I really liked it.But I wont change my opinion until I see my problem fixed."
76561198018554386,Recommended,209650,13003221,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SuPr3m3b3inG,i like the game and will continue to play thumbs up
,Recommended,209650,13079839,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Jupiter Jones,Surprisingly better than I anticipated.  Ran smoothly with no issues.. dont listen to the naysayers.
,Recommended,209650,13083349,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SeeMonkeyRun,"It's a far improvement in the Call Of Duty series. Very good playthrough and good overall experience. The servers are a bit iffy at times and sometimes can completely cut out, but that is a factor in a game that is based mostly on, online game play. Very good game, and I'd recommend to people who really enjoy the CoD series. Also, EXO the thing that makes you jump is probably an all right feature, although not really my favorite. Luckily you can play ""classic"" mode where that is completely disabled."
,Recommended,209650,13083571,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,TradTke,awesome game :)
76561198096242721,Recommended,209650,13087232,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ChuckyTheGru,"The game at its core is fun. The single-player campaign has a good variety of scenarios and is enjoyable. The ending is somewhat repetitive and similar to other games in the series. The multiplayer game is very fast-paced and is enjoyable in that way. Despite the claimed attempt to keep the weapon types balanced, however, many of the weapons are relatively useless in multiplayer due to the new higher mobility. Sniping and attempting to use heavy weapons to support teammates will only make you die a lot. Disappointingly, most of the weapons that are useless are the futuristic weapons that seem like very interesting concepts--the EPM3 in particular sounded fun, but is wildly inaccurate and useless due to semi-automatic firing. Multiplayer play favors fast-moving play with fully automatic SMGs and assault rifles. Ping compensation is also very bad, and results in crazily variable hitting and missing at close ranges."
76561198119450649,Recommended,209650,13099188,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,FoxTrot,good!
,Recommended,209650,13098304,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Tape,This game is pretty good. Gives the game a new feature to use when playing. I personally like this game a recommend it for others to play.
,Recommended,209650,13114635,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,The Midday Moon,Much more fast paced than the previous games. You either love it or you hate it.
,Recommended,209650,13118280,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,✪RFinn,GAME EPIC U NEED HIGH PC TO PLAY DIS
76561198026485894,Recommended,209650,13144449,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BeWater,"Just started the single player and the one thing which is driving me mad is the cut scenes! I have no objection to sitting through a cut scene but lets make the experience usable within the game context. Why can I not rewind, pause or possibly fastforward (if I am on a second run through). Also when completing a mission and after upgrading (if you have enough points) you cannot exit the game. You have to either sit throught the long (preloading) cut scene or Ctrl Alt Del to force the programme to stop. Why can't game publishers and programmers get this right. Very annoying!!!That being said the game looks great. It feels great. Top stuff, just sort the cut scenes out (industry wide!!!!)"
76561198100241472,Recommended,209650,13169336,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,farmercooper,I love this game
76561198050001236,Recommended,209650,13172508,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cumslu1,"Well, I like it."
,Recommended,209650,13174733,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,✪s1nisteR,Different than other Call of Duty games
76561198015640616,Recommended,209650,13176517,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ToxicVenom,"Its the same ol' same ol' Call of Duty. If you are after fast-paced action in a first person shooter with lots of gadgets, this game delivers completely.The plot is believable and the gameplay is consistent. If you are looking for originality regarding game play, you will not find it...and that is okay with me. It delivers all that I expect from a COD game."
76561198127691973,Recommended,209650,13140856,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,matthewisfinal,"Basically like the others but with exo suites and jetpacks, definately the best call of duty in a while.7/10"
76561198139889897,Recommended,209650,13142450,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Rabbit,I like game.
,Recommended,209650,13144243,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Celty Arydun,I like it so far. Kind of like what black ops 2 should have been
76561198095658480,Recommended,209650,13152721,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Nemo,Great and over all a fun game. This game is still lacking dedicated servers and coming across hackers isn't difficult.
,Recommended,209650,13152849,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mr.Mad,"Best call of duty since Black ops.  The game mechanics are great and the booster pack gives you more ways to play the game, I have to say I am impressed."
,Recommended,209650,13155662,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DoubleZ,"A good old Call of Duty game with enhanced movement capabilities that add the extra verticality to maps and make gameplay really fun and enjoyable. Jumping and strafing feels exceptionally well and maps are designed to use it often and to your benefit. Even though there are no dedicated servers as of yet, I have had zero latency or connectivity issues, the multiplayer is silky smooth, so I definitely got to recommed this one."
,Recommended,209650,13156982,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Syntax,"Easy to follow story, the new exo suit changes the flow of the game but it is still that classic call of duty feel."
,Not Recommended,209650,14596562,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,UkuleleFueledSavagery,i only play this game while using a knifeit sucks♥♥♥♥
76561198016046456,Not Recommended,209650,14628607,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,stealhtfire,"SP: fine, no bugs either for once.MP, game itself is fine, few weapon are extrmely OP (laser among one),  and game is full of cheaters.After playing CoD for god knows how many years I am done  with it. Last couple of relases been plagued by cheaters and the games are just a hackfest now."
76561198107396728,Not Recommended,209650,14602788,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,✪ Swiftripper,"This game is very laggy, and sometimes you can teleport places without even trying!  This game definately needs dedicated servers and they desperately need to fix the autoclimb, especially when you try to go into a building and end up teleporting on top of it.  Also, there are some guns that REALLY REALLY need nerfing because they are wayyyy to powerful and one of these weapons is the bal-27.  It is also very glitchy and needs to be fixing, like when I get shot behind or around walls which is a big problem for me.  Overall I give this a 2 1/2 out of 5 mostly because it can still be a fun game at times, but it can get really frustrating when you try to play competitively because of the lag and the glitches."
76561198056352614,Recommended,209650,14659375,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"Running a PS4 title on my computer at max settings always makes me feel like I did something right, but this game compounds my joy with a good storyline, although kind of predictable, the graphics make up for it when I see Kevin Spacey give me the evil eye through the screen.Great combat, fast paced, and really surprising at time. It keeps me on my toes so much, I couldn't shut the thing off!!! Here it is 5am, and I am finally taking a break, because I don't think my brain can take any more information overload.Absolutely recommended, although a bit cliche. 4/5"
76561198018799870,Not Recommended,209650,14737494,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,^5Walshy,"Terrible game, really a let-down from previous call of duty games. Last CoD i've played was Bo2 and it's so much better."
,Not Recommended,209650,13990144,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[BS]DynastyG,"I Love COD.  But this game crashes after playing for 10-15 minutes.  Haven't been able to play since the last update because of this.  The few times that I do decide to give it a try the lag is so bad that its almost unplayable.I expect more.UPDATE 3/4/15:Finally worked out the networking issues and have the game running smoothly!  Download the new Havoc DLC for $14.99 and guess what???  THE NEW WEAPON DOESN'T WORK!  That's right, it just doesn't seem like they give a crap about the PC players, huh?"
,Recommended,209650,14087563,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,|DTS|Blue Angel,"Haven't played much campaign mode.Have played alot of multiplayer:While the game is good to play, it does have some problems, like connecting to online services, sometime it works and other times it can take you closing the game 5 times before it lets you connect. Spawns could use some help, alot of help, you will sometimes spawn right on top of enemies, literally. Also you may time out on some maps, you will be stuck on the loading page and will probably have to close the game. There is a small glitch with the SMG Akimbo gun, if a teammate is using it and starts the shoot, you can hear them clear across the map, sometimes. It does tend to get annoying. If they fixed some of these problems, the game would be very good. I still recommend you buy it, maybe when the price goes down."
,Recommended,209650,15878323,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Erthrock,love the game it is very fun for pc and definitly a must have if u love challenges
,Recommended,209650,15880214,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,DeerGirl,"I believe that Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is a wholesome, family-friendly game that doesn't cease to tell me true facts about WW2. I also think Advanced Warfare is very educational when it comes to logic, physics, chemistry, and taught me how to make a nuclear explosive with household materials like flour and titanium. I'd r8 gr8 8 out of 8 m8 without having to even comtimpl8 cause it's that gr8 m8."
76561198063440285,Recommended,209650,13097250,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ClassPenguin,servers r still crapbut i can press f to pay respects6/10
,Not Recommended,209650,13425722,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sempophai,"It's a pile of crap, don't waste your money. I won't bother with details, I'm sure prior negative reviews covered them."
,Not Recommended,209650,13522824,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,speedmonster6,why there is no dedicated servers ??there is so much lag
,Recommended,209650,13748294,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ケツを食べる,Actually Good Cod Game In YEARS!!!12/10 It's Okay
,Recommended,209650,13819599,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Women Love My Boneless Pizza,You ♥♥♥♥ers need to play multiplayer more. The gamemodes I want to play don't have anyone in them.
,Not Recommended,209650,13677173,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,eMC Square,"My computer have a R9 200 Series (Gigabyte R9 270 Windforce OC... bla bla bla) and my Single player shows it in Video Adapter (in SP is corectly), but when I'll play the Multiplayer, I got ""Software Adapter"", ""0"" of dedicated memory and the game turns unplayable, but I can play SP with 60 FPS!!!Why????????????????????????????????????CoD... YOU ARE DEAD!"
76561198045869839,Not Recommended,209650,13681318,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AnthosaurusRex,"I want to love this game but frankly I can't.  I haven't been able to get anywhere in it at all.  It crashes after anywhere from two minutes in to 10 minutes in.  I got this for myself for X-mas in hopes to play it and have some fun before I ship out for basic training.  NOPE.  My computer can more than handle it and it just repeatedly fails.  Poor port or whatever, still 2 months after the game came out.  That and steam support and activision support tell you to refer to each other for help, giving you just a loop of no help whatsoever.  DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS!!!!If something comes along later that can fix it maybe my review will change."
,Recommended,209650,13765738,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Granmataytr,"Best fps game that i have ever played,nice maps and awesome graphics."
,Recommended,209650,13778252,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jim Lahey,"If Halo and counter strike had sex and had a baby, this would be it"
76561198046100305,Recommended,209650,12879987,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mizzo123,"Okay, this is my first review, so please bear with me.I've been a fan of the Call of Duty series since CoD 4, whether or not I'd like to admit it. From the pseudo-raging over noob tubes of Modern Warfare 1 to the Diamond assault rifles of Black Ops 2, I've seen most of it on Console, which I'm being told is the better experience of the two with this particular franchise. <HOWEVER> do not let that dissuede you from purchasing this gem. The spawns have been greatly improved upon from CoD: Ghosts, especially in the Exo-abilities that will help with being spawnkilled if you're on a streak. The most glaring difference between this CoD and others is the movement features: the EXO SUIT feature is just lovely. It turns the multiplayer into something resembling a cinematic Quake 3 but with the ability to dodge mid-air as well.The only think I would say to the negative about this game is its failure to implement the campaign-style HUD system into multiplayer. Perhaps that will be a feature later on, I really like the Halo-esque ammo counters in the campaign.8/10. Buy it and play with me."
,Recommended,209650,12880176,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Donny from the trap,"Crisp graphics, amazing cinematics, intriguing storyline, fastpaced Multiplayer.Best CoD in a while.8.5/10"
76561198059830371,Recommended,209650,12881128,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,GL1TCH151 - twitch.tv/gl1tchtek,"pretty good game so far. the multiplayer is fast paced and fun. and im happy that i can run this game on pretty high settings with a GTX 760 2GB. all in all much better than Ghosts. though the DSR setting looks awesome its kind of taxing on the system. i would definately say that a 4GB is prefered as i often max out on my GPU load, but still very playable."
,Recommended,209650,12867261,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Alex Jones,"""Call of Duty remains comparable to the carbonated corn syrup it partners with every year: it’s the Mountain Dew of shooters. I start drinking it and I’m not really sure I like it, but I just keep drinking and drinking until I’m all jittery and agitated. Then I can’t sleep, so screw it, I just drink some more and see if I won something under the cap.""+Graphics look really good and runs smooth even on my mid range machine+Campaign is dumb entertaining fun. Plays like a decent action movie+KEVIN SPACEY+Plausible near future setting is really interesting+Exosuits refresh gameplay enough to improve the overall experience while still feeling like CoD+Multiplayer is dumb, fast paced fun.+You can change the FOV without getting banned.-Stupid, ridiculously cliche (literal cliffhanger) ending, setting itself up for a series of sequels.-NO DEDICATED SERVERS. Activision got us again, outright lied about dedicated servers.The lack of dedicated servers takes about 2 points off for me, and I can't fully recommend it with the current archiac P2P networking. This isn't 2006, there is no reason they shouldn't be in the game. Activision says they're coming, but I'll believe it when I see it. If they ever let us have dedicated servers this would be the best in the series since Modern Warfare.7/10"
,Recommended,209650,12867481,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,frostlife,"I Can't Play This Multiplayer , It say ""Your Cpu Does not Meet the specpcations for the cpu"
,Recommended,209650,12867893,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,YuHNG M3L@N0Ma,"Best Call of Duty port since Black Ops 2. Some maps like instinct and Defender lag a little at the beginning, but nothing a little patch can't fix."
76561198058623801,Recommended,209650,12868608,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Pilucroco,"Very good game, pleasant multiplayer, good campaign and storyA MUST buy for hardcore CoD fans"
,Recommended,209650,12868673,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,John,"If you have a decent gaming computer and fast internet, disregard the people complaining of lag and framerate problems.  I haven't had one issue.  Game runs smooth and looks great. Multiplayer is addicting, fast paced, and fun."
,Recommended,209650,12869007,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Indie Sun.,"I played it, I liked it. Campaing was nice and interesting.So ♥♥♥♥ y'all who say♥♥♥♥♥♥before even going through the half of the game."
,Recommended,209650,12869128,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sayed Jaffar,If you liked any CoD released after CoD 5 you'll like this.
76561198046004763,Recommended,209650,12869193,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,A$VP Jewz,It's actually really good.
,Recommended,209650,12869376,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,LordTool,This game is like NO OTHER! 10/10!! this game is AWESOME! Actually I didn't expect much since COD: Ghosts which was laggy and TERRIBLE than any title in the series! this game is different than ANY COD I used to play and the best COD I ever played since COD4: Modern Warfare! I highly highly RECOMMEND that game! amazing graphics! amazing performance and perfect PC Port!
,Recommended,209650,12869469,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,NinjaNutz,One of the best CoD multiplayer games up to date. FUN FUN FUN!
,Recommended,209650,12869569,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DjMusketNuts77,probably the best game ive played in a really long time
,Recommended,209650,12870439,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,XxNightWolf90xX,"First Off: If you did not enjoy CoD:Ghosts, You will enjoy AW. CoD:AW is just CoD trying to put on Titanfall's clothes and forgetting to zip the jacket to hide the shirt underneath that says ""Call of Duty"" on it. Many of the ""unique"" aspects of this game are just pulled out it's neighbor that was showing off too much and it got jealous. If you played Titanfall, you will certainly notice this ripoff. Regardless, it's the best release they've had. Despite the currently awful servers that will need to be fixed overtime (we hope). Many fun-loving and fast paced dynamic features to enjoy."
76561198162299665,Recommended,209650,12871415,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,SMX Fboi Kyle,Needs better optimazation to it tho
,Recommended,209650,12871714,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Kettle,"Highly recommended much better than ghost and mw3. Big improvment, great gameplay, great campaign, and graphics"
76561198035568396,Recommended,209650,12914485,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Jman123coool [Panda.tf],Soooo nice!
76561198116128307,Not Recommended,209650,12914891,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,williejns,"This game have great potential. However, it do no run as smoothly as previous games.  The Intro Sounds at the beginning of each chapter skips so bad that I have no clue what that chapter is all about.  Additionally, many times during the game the voice of the actors are muted.  Only the music can be heard.  I am going to try to get a refund on this game."
76561198153099460,Not Recommended,209650,12916059,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ImDeadly,"Its not really Call of Duty anymore. The different play styles that make these titles what they are have disappeared. So much so that kill streaks are difficult to obtain. Eh, I'll be waiting for the next title in hopes that they veer away from flying. Rerally ruins the game for me."
,Not Recommended,209650,14146686,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Coach (Hut),"When I bought this game, the multiplayer worked perfectly. Then the next day, I couldn't connect to a server to save my life. I absolutly HATE The Call of Duty franchise and I want my money back for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. I am NEVER going to buy another Call of Duty game. I will NEVER play another Call of Duty game unless it is CoD 4 Or CoD WaW. I. Am. Done."
76561198100201890,Not Recommended,209650,14146892,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Kemal,60 bucks is too much for this game! Not worth the time I already spent on it!
76561197981978960,Not Recommended,209650,14147789,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Spartan Theory,"This is one of the few COD games that is a fun. However, you will rage constatnly because it lags so much when playing Multiplayer. If it doesn't lag then it's going to crash about half way through the MP match. I want to love this game, but it's hard to find a decent match"
,Recommended,209650,14286808,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ScullyBoy,"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is not a bad game at all. Yes, there are only some servers and yes almost no body is playing ""Classic"" mode. Either way it is a good game, so good that it is not you`re typical run-and-gun-and-camp-and-kids-screaming-noob-yelling-kinda Call of Duty. It`s almost a diffrent game with the EXO-suit and it does change the way how you play and how you chould ude it.Multiplayer:+cool guns+cool maps+good weapons and character creation-too small maps-EXO ZOMBIES only in Season Pass???Yes.Campaign:+Kevin Spacey+Good story telling+EXO-upgrades+the hook. Its a god damn hook you can kill people with. Oh  and you can be Spider man with it.+Memroable moments and levelsSo my final verdict...... 8.5/10 Smiling Kevin Spaceys and a taco so......yeah. Good game. 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,14234451,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Beach,You know this is one of the worst call of duty games i have ever played and i know you wont give it to me but i want a refund
,Not Recommended,209650,14222585,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Double_Tap,"What a massive download I downloaded this 40 gig plus game installed it I was so excited and I just couldn't wait to play it, Then I launch it and get unknown error (blah blah). Anyway it's because I was running 32 bit windows... not good enough after a few days of unistalling backing up and messing around I eventually installed a new 64 bit so that it would run.Downloaded it again... A bunch of days later it is downloaded and I install it and I have raised my hopes so high then I run it and windows warns me that I do not have enough RAM (4 gig is not enough).I paid 75 bucks for this game because of exchange rates with australia and america.I really wanted to play this game and I can't run faster than 2 fps due to not enough RAM.My hopes have been completely destroyed, I only recommend this game to people with good enough computers."
,Recommended,209650,15198017,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sawalkov,"pretty good game compared to recent call of duty titles, definately better than most of them since MW2."
76561198035479116,Recommended,209650,15198119,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,LS:D,its the best
76561198107236073,Recommended,209650,15209245,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,FL| xXCloneXx,really fun unless ur a noob
,Not Recommended,209650,15159729,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Dispatch,Don't waste your money on this.I truly wish I could get my money back.  I won't ever buy another COD game until they bring back Dedicated Servers.What a waste of time waiting to get to a crappy pinged game and hardly anyone on it. At least if I had the option to view available servers and see who and how many people are on it I could get right into a game and feel like I am getting my moneys worth.  Its 2015 bring back Dedicated Servers.
76561197975197198,Not Recommended,209650,15164165,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,R O C C  Major,"Can not connect to Server, can not play!!"
76561198058720312,Recommended,209650,15339449,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,LuskiSkyHeart,sO GOOD
,Recommended,209650,13151529,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,onegard,Good b0ss.
,Recommended,209650,16609192,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sam NuggetHead Hyde,meh ok game for call of duty wouldn't reccomend it for other people
,Recommended,209650,15740266,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,[[__Red__((>,awsomeeeeee
76561198035722909,Not Recommended,209650,16213200,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Arklight22,There are NO dedicated servers and the new weapon variants are terrible and overpowered.
76561197966818368,Recommended,209650,12951172,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ssexe,"I find it hard to understand the many negative reviews placed on this game.I for one already had a preconceived negative view before I even played, I did not want to get my hopes broken as they did with COD Ghosts... and my hopes were definately not broken this time.This version of COD is an improvement over the last 2-3.The gameplay reminds me of MW2 with of course the boost jumps and dashes and all the other fancy stuff.If you really are curious about it? Buy it.If the multiplayer doesnt get you hooked, buy it even for the single player campaign, which although might feel short, will keep you mesmerized with the super impressive graphics.. (Kevin Spacey looks eerily real)I myself haven experienced the bad network gameplay many are complaining about, sounds like a personal issue with their ISP. Each game I've played has been fast, hectic, fun, and satisfying."
,Recommended,209650,12939205,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Roly Poly Broly,"Pretty good overall I'd say. It got a bit overhyped, but most CoD games do, so I wasn't surprised by that. I think that the EXO powers add a bit more to the game and it isn't just a gimmick, which is good because I was seriously worried about that. Some of the guns feel a little off, like they shouldn't operate the way that they do based on looks, like how the heavy machine gun laser has giant gears in it that you see when you reload, for example. The grenade indicator is so big that it makes it almost impossible to get grenade kills, which seems like a minor grievance, but think of how important grenades used to be in CoD matches. Controls feel fine, although I often accidently double tap A or D which causes you to use the EXO's strafe ability which will appear on the mini-map like the rest of the EXO abilities.I will warn you that the meta has changed significantly. Stealth has become incredibly important, even for non-snipers. I don't know what caused this shift, but it might force you to use your Wildcards for extra perks.As far as the campaign goes, it seemed pretty good as well, you know, for a CoD game, at least."
76561198078734119,Recommended,209650,12878264,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Son Of Sparda,"If you rotate your character, your computer freezes and the game crashes. 10/10 ign"
76561198050991021,Recommended,209650,12927222,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ncyph3r,"Stink at BF4, King of CoD AW.  10/10"
76561198159770958,Not Recommended,209650,12892733,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Blue ヅ,"I'm talking to people that would like to play in multiplayer.. This is a ♥♥♥♥ing scam !!!The game is good but the servers are horrible ! Ah in fact, there is no real server looks like we are playing a peer to peer game.. Horrible for people who lives in Asia like me... When lobby is launching there are 3 games found and the best one is unplayable and this if I can pass the loading screen, cause sometimes the game just wont launch because of a connection to host failed.I play with a 16Mbps connection (1.6Mo dl) and with a last gen computer so there is no other problem than this ♥♥♥♥ing server system...I also paid for the season pass when I bought the game.. I so disappointed !"
76561198046139883,Not Recommended,209650,12916103,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,BigGirthyPatato,"this game is complete broken, I bought this game since pre-sale. and this game have been freezing every few min of play. I feel like I wasted my hard earned money on this piece of garbage."
76561198025049662,Not Recommended,209650,12916106,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,csewrx,"This game is pretty good, but let's be honest, other than some new ""technology"" in the game, it's really the same ole COD that it always was.  Looking back on it now...I probably would not have bought it."
76561198017433468,Not Recommended,209650,12918273,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,A Bad Fortune Cookie,"Worth the money.... "" NO "".1. Small Maps for Multiplayer... Remember Modern Warfare 2 & 3 .... Well forget it here. There so small its easy to run into the bad guy. No real need for stradegy just go Rambo.2. The weapons need some tweaking. The EM guns are weak but still very fun to use.3. The time of each round feels like its been reduced drastically as by the time you get to the very highest kill streak the game round is already over.4. The Goliath... Big powerful and just plain jane boring. The rest of the kill streaks seem very bland. People will try to kill you but they get hammered and therefore avoid you.5. No dedicated Servers - People having to host is just a bad idea.6. Expoiters - Yep this game has it too. If you think i'm crying wolf find out for yourself.7. Each game round starts and ends smooth except on one map that i've noticed again having people host is just a bad idea for a multiplayer game.8. Telling me that I cannot connect to Advanced Warfare Servers - Takes me 3 to 4 times to finally get the server to let me on to play and find my profile."
,Recommended,209650,14007715,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FoxGaming,"This game is not for everyone, so don't buy it assuming YOU have what IT takes. The MP is full of lazers. So watch out. Flak Jacket is the best perk. Watch out for those Strafe Nades. 7.8 / 10 SP is a bit buggy at times. + When you get Supply Drops in Exo Survival and SP, they are supposed to go to MP, but don't. Fix that and this review becomes a 8.2 / 10."
76561198096453739,Not Recommended,209650,28328464,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,☢ Orangish?,"No, just no.. lol"
,Recommended,209650,15287627,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,chris-p-bacon,fun game like the rest
,Recommended,209650,15516500,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,"[REDi]1R MAJ princecoo [A,D,ds]","I'm pretty sure I recieved a brain injury a few years ago, and the main symptom is the uncontrollable urge to buy every Call of Duty game that comes out. With therapy, however, I've manged to curb nearly all of my homophobic slurs and barely ever jump off my roof while spinning and screaming ""1080 EPIC TRICKSHOT BRO 420 SMOKE WEED ERRY DAY YYEEEEEAAAAAHH"" at 2am now.That said, this CoD isn't bad. You shoot the mans. They fall over and are replaced by more mans. You go forward, shooting all the mans until at the end, you winded the game and crack an erection and a beer in celebration of America and Freedoms.Honestly, the cutscenes are pretty amazing, with several leaving me thinking they had used real footage and minimal CGI. But then, the brain injury may have left me unable to differentiate between fantasy and reality, so..."
76561197996425216,Not Recommended,209650,30407579,Posted: 9 March,all,jgtogi,If you want to play the single player then get it on sale. If you are looking for a multiplayer cod move onto something else like Black Ops 3 or Infinite Warfare. The Multiplayer is completly empty. But don't take my word  alone. Look at the other 100's of reviews saying the the same thing as me or dozens of forum posts. The game dead folks.
76561197997727313,Not Recommended,209650,21043451,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,J.G.Wentworth,"this is by far the worst call of duty game ever made unless you are a little kid ... COD 1,2,3 were the best versions ..it's not all about multiplayer  for me ,I also enjoy the single player story that now is a joke waste of money on this one."
,Not Recommended,209650,22141618,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tye Tass,"Just the worst game ever, seriously. Worst optimisation, worst graphics, worst multiplayer, the dammn ""Digger Online"" is better than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont even buy this junk, you will just loose your own money for nothing. Waste of time."
76561198239493574,Recommended,209650,21973490,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,FUCK ME OUTSIDE ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°,"On my opinyon this game is one of the best call of duty game ive played, btw BO3 SUCKS AS♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198045110115,Recommended,209650,22298463,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Turd Ferguson,By far my favorite Call of Duty. Just make sure you have a really good machine to run it or you'll have to turn the settings down.
,Recommended,209650,19208451,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,UndefinedPotato,Great game! Highly reccomend it.
76561198001615275,Not Recommended,209650,13966863,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Lost Potato,"Nice graphics and effects but the whole idea of bionic suits and jumping over buildings just makes it seem like a remake of Titanfall. If you are into serious special ops tactical fps games, you will probably be dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,209650,15120873,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TW InfinityDuty,"this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥with all those lasers around, sledgehammer messed up big! It's worse than ghosts, at least that game you could enjoy it, this game just makes you rage with all the lasers and♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,209650,13980926,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,ben,"Pretty fun, but expect to only find games in Team Deathmatch. Very low online population. Buy it for Xbox or Playstation, don't buy it for PC."
76561198106216663,Not Recommended,209650,13995410,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tomblou123,from all my buing this crismass this game was the most wasted buing
76561198015983874,Not Recommended,209650,14090074,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Trigox,this game is garbage. please dont buy it.... i already made that mistake
76561198153565513,Recommended,209650,14076240,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,reidfell,it says that there are no maltiplayer games and i cant play with other people
76561197996506611,Recommended,209650,14080402,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,AgonyPrime,"AWESOME, more is better"
76561198041742925,Not Recommended,209650,13707623,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Darkshark,Gee I am so glad I can't even play it on it's minimum settings because of reasons atleast I know what the intro sounds like.
,Recommended,209650,15030255,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,IKe,"let me start this review off by saying *clears Throat* SO AWESOME SO MANY EXPLOSIONS LIKE BOOOOOM!!! Ok back to the review this game was QUITE AMAZING it has a really good story, Great Characters, and a wonderful villian. shooting mechanics are really good. gunfire sounds crisp in my headset (Steel Series Siberia Elite Prism) and explosions also sound great. The story is way better than any other COD game i have ever played it actually is one of my favorite storys of all time (and i have played alot of games). multiplayer is also very good only down side is i have met some players that REALLY like the lazer guns lol, also most people play the more advanced difficulty multiplayer modes , i wouldn't go so far as to say casual multiplayer is dead but there are less people, but the sheer epicness of this game makes me overlook that, thats why this game for me gets a 9.6/10 one of THE best games I have ever played, just so many cool explosions brings out the kid in me lol. so buy this game especially if it's on sale."
76561198114441369,Recommended,209650,17563285,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,!WHAT!,i think its a great game and i think u all should get it if u have the mony :)
76561198047392565,Recommended,209650,13127718,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Axel,Sick. Different. Enjoyable. apart from the EM1 laser guns
76561198007362311,Recommended,209650,20852331,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Vegan Man,The best in the series imo. A very very savoury game. Well done all.
,Not Recommended,209650,20837036,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,bot kiggy,this game is trash
76561197998455627,Recommended,209650,21255165,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,driveinns,"I enjoyed the story of this game a lot.  Had a lot of fun with Kevin Spacey, and the exo-suit.  If you like a future war type setting with varying missions have a go.  The multiplayer is done as there are new games for people to play, but I liked the story.  Looking forward to Advanced Warfare two.  :)"
,Recommended,209650,16773619,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MoreThanMoral,"I havnt played a lot of the single player on PC but I have 40 hours in multiplayer and I have to say I quite enjoyed it. Got repetative after a while, doesn't hold the same magic as MW2, But its definitly a good game."
76561198028203347,Not Recommended,209650,13108599,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Pervy Sage,"FIX THE HACKING AND AIMBOTTING OR GIVE ME AN OPTION TO GET MY MONEY BACK!Aimbot is out of control in this game.  It's bad enough not enough people play but there's also some aimbotting kid in almost every lobby.  Some use it subtly, others just blast it out.  Find a way to detect that and ban the accounts that use it from cod... also what about dedicated servers? Are you trying to build a PC community or not?"
76561198023964750,Not Recommended,209650,20183252,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KILN,"die, wake up, die again repeat... like all COD Games"
76561198185669106,Recommended,209650,19531320,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CSOFFER.ME Negerslakt,this is the best game ever cant wait to buy black ops 3
76561198043854518,Recommended,209650,20029568,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Misterkitkat9,"A nice twist to call of duty, but did not like the campaign. Multiplayer was fine for the time I played it last year."
,Recommended,209650,24942522,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Squiggles the Chicken Hunter,"Great singleplayer with an amazing story, and it has Kevin Spacey in it. Multiplayer is pretty fun too, though it does feel like kind of a stiffer version of titanfall. Recommended if you're not a butthurt Call Of Duty fan that hates the future."
,Recommended,209650,15110848,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bagels,- Like jetpacks?-Like showing off with your gear?-Like screaming kids on mic?-Like to have a bunch of weapons and attachments?-Like trolling people and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥them off?-Like being reported for no reasion?Then this is the game for you!10/10
76561198113367194,Recommended,209650,17850151,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Eastwall,Best COD ever!
76561198162058862,Recommended,209650,17837575,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Lafayette,i love how esey it is for beginers like me
76561198168582710,Recommended,209650,23697614,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GOLFY422,"I rly like this game.If ur in too singleplayer stuff,this game is great!!!"
76561197993759980,Not Recommended,209650,22492865,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mr Ugly,"ProsGraphics are amazingCons1) No way to turn off the orchestra. At least in earlier versions one could delete the ""Miles"" directory, can't even do that with this one. Why the hell does any developer make it compulsory to listen to music? Firstly it's unrealistic, secondly it's normally classical rubbith that I hate it and no matter how good the game is, it completely kills the experience for me. Often I request a refund on this basis alone.2) Far too scripted. Press E now, Tap F now all the while just to keep the ""movie"" sequence running.3) Story was a predictable cliche"
76561197989779237,Not Recommended,209650,22856774,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sato,It's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,17592466,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,xXrelichXx,literally the worst game ive ever played. Crashes afeter about an hour of play everytime. Couldn't even finish the campaign because of how bad this game runs. Will never buy a COD game again.
,Not Recommended,209650,17658331,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Creeper,"Not very well optimised, needs work."
,Recommended,209650,14718409,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Owningchaunce,"It seems most reviews are negative because of the online server situation but as someone who loves FPS campaigns I will help others alike.The graphics are by far the best I've seen in a Call of Duty and are in my top 10 for any game.The Campaign so far is actually surprisingly awesome. The storyline is actually very good and it really puts you in the mind of your player, which is different than the last couple CODs which were really similar.The cut scenes are incredible, I feel like I'm watching a well filmed movie staring Kevin Spacey and are relevant to the missions.This is my favorite Call of Duty so far so if you like a good campaign, I would snag this on a sale.9/10"
76561198179036978,Not Recommended,209650,15693084,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Cookiesn'stuff,this game is the laggiest piece of crap i have ever played. the video and audio aren't synced and the gameplay is laggy as hell. it has a 7 second delay and i cant even play online because it loads like crap. worst 45 dollars ever spent
,Recommended,209650,14022851,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Satanic Jesus,"Good times, great oldies"
,Recommended,209650,12956045,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lightly salted nipple,Fresh game awe
,Recommended,209650,13606580,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kalb ジ,This game is beast
76561198076496148,Recommended,209650,16214311,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Lone Wolf,"I love this game !!! Once you get used to the exo suits and how to get kills while other people are jumping around its a ton of fun. Plus the ""You recived a supply drop"" makes me smile everytime."
76561198076371382,Recommended,209650,14474628,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mushroom Master,"This is a really good game (in my own opinion ) ignore what other people that are complaining about ""oh theres no dedicated servers) while i do understand where they are coming from with this it is truly still a great game"
,Recommended,209650,14481634,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,m0mercy,i cant find anyone to play with on here reply plz?
,Recommended,209650,13821862,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ravekai,The futuristic equipment makes this game very interesting.
,Recommended,209650,13609024,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,disTroiT,Awesome.
76561197998733361,Recommended,209650,14479917,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,taurus2_101,This is a awsome game. great graphic and fund to play in both single and multiplayer.
,Recommended,209650,13445263,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,FAZE BENET,Wow!The Best Game In Call Of Duty!
,Recommended,209650,15570508,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MoShU,"Quite good, but still no dedicated servers"
76561198026122050,Not Recommended,209650,12957950,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ddow6411,I've spent what seems like a liftime downloading the game and I can't open it.Seems like I've wasted my money.Won't be buying another game through Steam
,Recommended,209650,12989851,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,KingBoB,"so far so good, gonna try the multiplayer soon~"
,Recommended,209650,15259306,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,chicken morty,"Great Game, I enjoy it, but frankly not big enough of a player base on pc. It's unfortunate, as I would much rather play this game on pc then on console. I recommend the game yes, but go do yourself a favor and get it on a console."
76561198071892483,Not Recommended,209650,14885806,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Diminisher,Just the same as last year. And BTW: No one likes the exo suit. So its all basically the same.
,Recommended,209650,15125183,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Onyx,"i really like the game. i think its a good fast phased fps game with some downs.so there are kinda problems whith dedicated servers, but all allong a nice game.i do really reccomend it, its worth the moneyi would rate it a good 9/10"
,Recommended,209650,14792143,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,.::DualITY::.,Great
,Recommended,209650,14814309,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,THE CHACH,A great mix of fast paced gameplay that any nooblet can jump in and play without much skill. Everyone should have it in their library. :)
76561197978424616,Not Recommended,209650,13217229,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Morbid Jones,Jet Packs killed Call of Duty.Multiplayer has become a bounce fest and ruined my favouritegame franchise.Single player has to many video scenes that can't be skippedand nit enough action. I thought I was buying a game but endedup with a B grade movie.
76561198048461698,Not Recommended,209650,13374100,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,cafs71,Do Not Buy this game what a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥biggest waste of money ever
,Not Recommended,209650,31944333,Posted: 24 May,all,NotANazi (#STAYWOKE) ❥,So Damn Bad if you play more than an hour
76561198118530582,Not Recommended,209650,31913336,Posted: 22 May,all,Kiyotaka Ayanokoji,Mouse dpi is auto change and happen every 2or3min
,Not Recommended,209650,14275884,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RED*,"I don't know about you guys, but i play call of duty for the multiplayer, and the problem with that is no dedicated servers, and that all enlisted servers (or wutever it is called) are all down, in Hong Kong. WTF?????"
76561198014463876,Not Recommended,209650,14284267,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,VWsEatRice,lame game. 1st and last time i preorder
,Not Recommended,209650,16921341,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,wafflnator,"I actually liked the game at launch, but it sure didnt take long for it to be impossible to find a game, I try and play it every once in awhile and nothing, nada, zip. Literally NO GAMES FOUND in every game time. Not worth the storage space anymore."
76561197979957922,Not Recommended,209650,16928685,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,OldIce,so bad asked for refund
,Not Recommended,209650,16931604,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,aMeRiCaNaRcHy,"EXO Zombies is good, the single player campaign was good, the mp aspect is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,209650,16930457,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Bobandy,This game is worse than ghosts. I don't understand why they put the exo into the game. They can just jump around the map with their aim bot and kill you so much easier. They also ruined zombies by making it exo zombies. The game is garbage and every call of duty is gonna get worse and worse. I am never going to buy another one again.
76561198197139549,Not Recommended,209650,31497797,Posted: 1 May,all,JDM Barspin,♥♥♥♥
76561198167400761,Recommended,209650,16567545,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Matrix{VIRS},good game get it
76561198051200662,Not Recommended,209650,17913471,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,AWPingTool,Not meant for PC
,Not Recommended,209650,14865353,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,[ Q.Ц.Σ.Σ.Я ]Swift_,I cant find Multiplayer server
,Recommended,209650,32754798,Posted: 24 June,all,MSKDaWord,A refreshing evolution of the COD franchise. Great storyline in campaign. Can't wait for the next instalment of Advanced Warfare.
,Not Recommended,209650,15175106,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Earthbound,Blew up my computer 10/10
76561198194761467,Recommended,209650,16363285,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,'marica F*CK YA,got to be fast
76561198116936246,Recommended,209650,16360180,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,w00tman2000 upgrade.gg,l
76561198018676131,Recommended,209650,15576448,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,War84,The game is fun to play.
76561198137536919,Not Recommended,209650,16145917,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Anackba,If your the kind of person who likes to stare at a broken game for hours. Buy IT!!@@!@!@ The whole $80 that you spend on here will give u 10/10 experience on this ultra sick game. It gives you the best advantage on screen staring and rage tactics. Rage rage rage. Mum comes in wtf u doing?. I go to jail cause i stabbed her :) 1/10 do not buy and im w8n for that refund so i can feed me maori children.....
76561198083638814,Recommended,209650,16248390,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Smithy,2 mlg  4 me xxx_p.o.r.n_xxx at the best
,Recommended,209650,15871489,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Draconamy,"""Amazing, 11/10"" -IGN"
,Recommended,209650,18124087,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,g4m3r566,It's a really good game just people dont play it that much :(
,Not Recommended,209650,15223418,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,PJRamos,"You need a 6 GB (minimum ram) or mire, and 8 GB (recommend ram) or more"
,Recommended,209650,15582939,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,NeDi ®,Awesome game!
76561198120116295,Recommended,209650,12874888,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,"✪ Dr,Mansi -A- ' 22",YOU PROFSHINAL
76561198027038138,Not Recommended,209650,13617712,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Polite Bush Depositer,"Okay here we go. First off, the Campaign, short, linear and basically a typical COD action movie but the graphics are lovely and besides, Kevin Spacey! But otherwise nothing special. Ugh now the MP. Well it is fast and the exo's give a nice new twist and here comes the but. BUT it is still p2p! All post launch support is gone. All the weapons seemed to be rendered useless by one or two UBER guns! This COD has failed to deliver on so many of its promises and after the S*** pile that was ghosts I doubt I will ever buy a COD again. If you are debating buying this DON'T!!!! If you want diverse gunplay go to Battlefield. If you want fast paced parkour go play Titanfall. You want realism? Arma or Insurgency. Seriously, the player base is going elsewhere the devs f***ed off after launch. This is going to be yet another huge disappointment. Moral of the story? Avoid pre-ordering anything and go look at some amazing indy games like Insurgency as triple A games are failing repeatedly. Review/Rant over. Good day Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!"
,Recommended,209650,14915638,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TheOnlyGodwin,"One of the best COD's to be released, a great arcade shooter to play with friends or simply pass the time. The new additions to this one really makes it the best COD on the market."
76561198097181362,Not Recommended,209650,14203740,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Washburne,"No dedicated servers. Lots of lag. Single player was boring and every time I switched a video setting, it sent me to the start of the game and made me watch a long cut scene with no ability to skip it. The only good thing about this game was a voice actor."
,Recommended,209650,14423711,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,☢ Alex_aka_Delta ☢,"Kevin Spacey is in it!!! 69/10, game of the year, a must have!"
76561198057642077,Not Recommended,209650,15222976,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,LAPINPASKIAINEN,gay black porn is better.
,Recommended,209650,13368574,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hungeredowl,Fantastic Game! :D
,Not Recommended,209650,13433364,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zephyr,this game sucks hardcorethe gameplay is pathetichackersits a dead game alreadyexosuits make it ♥♥♥♥ing impossable to hit the enemieshackersop as crap weaponshackersno sniping points (i love sniping so its a problem for me)hackershackersand more hackers
,Not Recommended,209650,13447247,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DJxHosammooNx,"the game look good, I like the jump idea and game to fast , but there points make the game like the%$# first the laser weapons it's the big stupid idea I never seen, second the lag came from heavy killstreak make the game so lagging, this points make the multiplayer so bad , anyone will see it, about the story mode always nice I dont have anything to say about it. give the game 60/100"
76561198022605600,Recommended,209650,12973081,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,bjw007wstp,The game itself is quite fun and addictive. Good Story.The most most annoying thing is lag. Whethere you start or in the middles of a match. This needs to be fixed.
76561198103729787,Recommended,209650,13845846,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pina Koala!,"Very good game, Pls get rid of lasers <3"
76561197997728699,Not Recommended,209650,13335240,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,UsaLostLiberty,"Omg what was I thinking ,and I paid  $100 for it ,it like beliving that Democracy actually worksPlease save your money ,this is worst than Black Ups ...... Play Counter Strike insted ."
,Recommended,209650,15158465,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,inpersona64 | YOUTUBE,"So this game, man this game...was the right step as far as it goes when it comes to Activision producing the same game EVERY YEAR. Every COD up to this point was pretty much the same, within a 5% to 10% margin. This game, not including gunplay, is at least 40% different from other CODs, but I'll explain further.Single player is pretty much your run-of-the-mill COD experience, from explosions and cliffhangers (literally) to hallway shooting and QTEs. Not much different there other than the exosuit.And well, the exosuit is pretty much the selling point of this game. It gives the franchise the VERTICALITY that it was always missing, because it's always been a horizontal shooter. Now you can jump, dodge, boost, and now recently, GRAPPLE, through things. And it provides for a different feeling game. If you've played Quake, or jumpy-styled shooters, then this should make you feel a little at home. Although it doesn't feel the same as games like Quake, you will definitely have the edge if you were good at that genre of shooters.Multiplayer is pretty much all you will play with this game, unless you like Survival and Zombies. It's got your normal COD overlays and uses the pick 10 system from Black Ops 2, but makes it ""Pick 13"" to account for the Exo-suit abilities. And while the ONLY DOWNSIDE to the game is the LASER NOOBS that ruin multiplayer (#FIXTHELASER), YOU WILL HAVE A GREAT TIME playing this game, whenever you can get into a game.All in all, this is a very SOLID COD, and for once, Call of Duty did something different for a change...whereas Battlefield made a ""DLC"" game (Battlefield Hardline). So do I think this game is worth 60 bucks? No. Not for multiplayer alone. If you can get it for less than $50, DO IT. You will have a blast. If jumpy-shooters aren't your thing, Black Ops 2 was the BEST of CODs horizontal shooters."
76561198119876732,Recommended,209650,14456460,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Xenoblast,the people who dont like this game are battlefield fanboys... dont trust.STOP READING THIS JUST BUY THE GAME!!!!!!!!
76561197990513124,Recommended,209650,13352002,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,zSykes,"It's a good game, especially before CoD Ghosts. AW brought to us some new features and evolution of things that already was in the game, like Pick13 (pick10 from bo2). I liked the game, I regret from not buying it for PS3 because I play CoD on PS3 since BO1 so I am very noob using the mice, but ok.But the game has it negative points of course, I didn`t like so much the velocity that the gameplay occurs because it sometimes can be so frustrating dying a lot and can`t kill others players because they can just jump twice and fly, and I can`t follow them with my sight because I don`t have the enought reflex with mice as I have with the controller.Another thing that I fell playing on Steam is that the only 2 gamemodes that you can play is TDM and Domination... sometimes KC but the other game modes that is new in this cod like Uplink, forget it. I would like to play but its impossible on PC."
76561198075658511,Not Recommended,209650,12943350,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tarantula,"terrible, feels like a very incomplete unstable game it's unplayable in both mp and sp. i want a refund"
76561198103843246,Recommended,209650,13052278,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Psycho Cat,"as a call of duty fan i love the game it has a great story(good job Kevin Spacey)and a lot of cool explosive moments.The multiplayer is absolutely fantastic,great guns ,i love the exo movement and pretty cool maps.I cant wait for the first dlc to come out. Fantastic work Sledgehammer.I love cod and this is the best one since bo2"
76561198145957438,Recommended,209650,15588775,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SolarTheRapper,GET THE GAME ITS FUN AND YOU WILL LOVE IT ALTHOUGH CONNECTION ISNT THE GREATEST
76561198057245736,Not Recommended,209650,17454475,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Mintay,"bought game, qued tdm for 40 minutes, no games found, refunded game."
76561198081097238,Recommended,209650,17892942,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,セバスチアアン,"its hard to say what i think of this gamein the beginning the multyplayer whas fresh and new so i had a lot of fun with itbut now its hard to find good gamesif you are looking for the multy player than i say dont buy itBUT the zombies... oh man the ZOMBIES!!!even with the exo its still cool to see what they did to it the only map i dont like is the second dlc map (burgertown) the rest is all pretty coolso in the ned i would like to sayif you want it for multy player buy BO2 or MW 1,2,3 but dont buy this oneif you want zombies HELL YEA you should buy it!"
,Not Recommended,209650,18875191,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Daenerys Targaryen,Goodbye Advanced WarfareYou Will Never Be Remembered
,Not Recommended,209650,18907124,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Toobleeroone,Nah. This game got worse after the beta for BO3 came out. No one comes on anymore. It takes HOURS to join a game because it sucks now. Don't buy it
76561197998599371,Not Recommended,209650,19547192,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Aron,dont buy not optimized and multiplayer doesnt work a waste of money buy dallout 4
76561198189331021,Recommended,209650,18193842,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,The Sellout,its ok
,Recommended,209650,18074002,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Luke DJ,"This game gets so much hate, idk why......as far as games go, this is a fun one."
76561198131460822,Not Recommended,209650,16150300,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dovakin,multiplayer is dead
76561198162223348,Recommended,209650,12914871,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Cloudspire,I love Black Ops
76561198058952597,Not Recommended,209650,21158951,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Pathetic,The game has a variety of game modes!-Close the Program-Check solutions online
76561198258588957,Not Recommended,209650,22524948,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,No Name,This is the worth Call of Duty I have ever seem
76561198111282458,Recommended,209650,14664921,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DD_Amatsukaze,Breaking NewsSHG have stated that havoc will no be delayed until 3rd MarchChaos EnsuesStill its a decent gameGuess ill have to stick to csgo after this
76561198142968514,Not Recommended,209650,29005929,Posted: 4 January,all,XD_King_XD,eat my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198301320230,Recommended,209650,28265198,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Witherflash157,I like the game a lot I just installed it but I wish it could support more monitors besides laptop monitors. But other than that I think it's a great game.
76561198026116438,Recommended,209650,28270295,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,virus,"Its ok, would rather play Black op II"
,Not Recommended,209650,19225565,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Paladin,"Worst Cod EVER. Campaign is utter garbage, multiplayer is uneventful and dull, crappy exo skeleton zombies is a dlc. IT""S A TRAP!"
,Recommended,209650,24201012,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Super Sexy Solaire,Dispite its hate I actually enjoy the goofy character custtomization. Good game just some goofy elements.
,Not Recommended,209650,25090259,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dovahkiin,Door Glitch Simulator
76561198041274783,Recommended,209650,23059966,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Z3ldafan,"When the game actually had working servers, the multiplayer guns were unbalanced.I rate ASM1 out of Bal27."
,Recommended,209650,28416879,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jenna,Best CoD so far
,Recommended,209650,21538660,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ilovemymom2006,ok
,Recommended,209650,14415436,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nan0tech9,WTF WITH MULTIPLAYER?!!!
76561198093179859,Recommended,209650,14860892,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SlapDawg7814,"hell yeah, the gunplay is exhilarhating"
76561198058156360,Recommended,209650,14859327,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,saudalthani88,good game play and story
,Recommended,209650,23941329,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SavageRolo | cs,NO PPNE PLAYS IT DONT BUY
76561198074680751,Recommended,209650,15025255,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,[TAZE] Mr Efficient,omg dis game is goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
,Not Recommended,209650,18388032,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Haveq,"Amazing Ubisoft, you did it again2x XP Weekend and thats how it Is in Real.--------------------------------------http://abload.de/img/crap9lk5c.png---------------------------------------Thank you Ubisoft, for destroying an Amazing Game.My entire Childhood,  I loved Battlefield and Call of Duty.There was a Time, when COD and Battlefield have been good Games.IT'S OVER.Ubisoft and EA,The Only Thing the ******* in your Management deserve is a Cell without Light.You did it, another well Stupid Part of your History in Game Publishing.I am just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that I have not believed the Review's and bought this Other Piece of  Crap. -.-I know it would not happen, but Steam should delete all your Games and send you a Letter with just a Big Middlefinger  and the Words ""'****** you Ubisoft"" All your Games are Crap. :)Good job Ubisoft"
,Recommended,209650,15986114,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,BORG [收割者],Only played is for a bit but...the campaign is amazing. that story tho :D
,Recommended,209650,17063111,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,undercooked chicken,all my friends on teamspeak muted me after playing10/10 keyboard will click again
,Recommended,209650,17676462,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Victor Von Butts,Call of Duty: Advanced Jumping
76561198081174873,Recommended,209650,17675954,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,JyrniJyrääjä,very good i bought it and palyed 3 hours totaly worth
76561198114494349,Not Recommended,209650,14665042,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Prime,Don't buy hacker's/lag
,Recommended,209650,13355832,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,The Suspect,Not as bad as Ghosts but not as good as Black Ops II. 7/10
,Recommended,209650,13663732,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Papas fritas,Laggy and has hackers :) hop u guys enjoy the game!
76561198122665838,Not Recommended,209650,18242237,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Dank Waffles,have you ever wondered what call of duty and teraria combined would be like? Me neither. Dont buy this game. Get counter strike global offensive instead. It is actually worth the money. I mean look at the comparisson of hours of gameplay on my account! cheers have fun brahs!
,Recommended,209650,12909394,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Bangki Cocoa,It's just awesome!!!!!!!!!!http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBk0aLZEoxcN29DOsF0plhkEZw4eiwYwK
76561198104709178,Recommended,209650,14025371,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fri'Chickenisha,great
76561198143489017,Not Recommended,209650,15174948,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pencilhead1,I love this game because it is on the xbox and it is good on xbox but on pc there are a lot of glitches and bugs that need to be fixed. I have a lot of problems with graphics and i have a nice computer and everything so i know it is not that. zombies are nice but the game just does not run right so everyone experience major lag and issues. For the money i would just get it on xbox with all the dlcs. i am not dissing on the game just the terriblle pc support. get it for xbox for the best game ever
,Not Recommended,209650,15147261,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,jjames5646,i love how you can spend 100 dollars on this game and some how it still finds a way to♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed wtf
76561198070061787,Recommended,209650,13348528,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,legomaker456,good
,Not Recommended,209650,16812421,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,spoof,"skill is the only thing you need to win, to many tryhards, hard to play multiplayer for those who are not not that good"
,Recommended,209650,13631202,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,giga,"Buy for the Multiplayer, stay for the single player.This review containsNO SPOILERSThis is one of the best games in the franchise, even on the level of the first Modern Warfare (I really want to forget the next two existed). The graphics are great, runs fine, and has an engaging story. The only technical error is a bizzare one. When loading cutscenes the video and audio becomes choppy and cuts out from time to time until the loading bar reaches 50%. Then the loading bar stops entirely until the cutscene is over. My initial thought was the speed my hard drive was being accesed, as slowed visuals while loading game assests are expected in many games, so I switched the install directory to my solid state. There was no improvement. I'm not sure how much data is being loaded during that first half, but I'd rather have it load everything in increments, not load it all at once slowing down the whole damn game. Kevin Spacey performs great, as usual, and the other voice actors are good. I'd give it an 9/10 on the sound scale. This also gets automatic bonus points for not using a 3rd party DRM like so many other companies pushCough cough Ubisoft and EA cough cough. The Multiplayer was virtually unplayable at launch, which was predicted, however, I still expected Activision to get this sorted out beforehand, so some points are taken off there. The multiplayer completely overshadows all other COD games, almost to the level of Battlefield. Unfortunately, many of the users are underage, but what can you do. I never knew my mother was so popular! Anyway, this game gets a pretty solid 8/10.TL;DR:Good graphics, story, acting, and gameplay. Multiplayer servers still lacking, but gameplay works very well. Very minor graphical glitches I am willing to overlook."
76561198194954270,Recommended,209650,29635037,Posted: 1 February,all,Ramy Recon®,The best part on call of duty series (Thanks Sledge Hammer for this masterpiece) ♥♥♥
76561198117125487,Recommended,209650,14587743,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,UnionPacific,
,Recommended,209650,14587484,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[plast!k],"Fun game, That is, if you can get in a game."
,Not Recommended,209650,25683442,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,CherryPlays,♥♥♥♥ you sledge hammer you ♥♥♥♥♥ i cant find a single game i paid 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game like this................................................................ i mean the games amazing but ♥♥♥♥ your server
,Recommended,209650,15547202,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Martin Cat,"This game is very fun for those looking to play FPS games (first person shooters). I really like the graphics, and overall this game runs very smoothly."
76561198183955625,Recommended,209650,26614467,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Crushed Foot,not sure why people hate the single player but that is the reason i play cod games as the online is full of cry babies and try hards.the single player campaign was fun and provided me with several hours of entertainment.despite the time this game has already entertained me there are still features and gametypes i havent even clicked on and i feel like i have already got my moneys worth
,Recommended,209650,17644179,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,rolo.noski On Vacation!,"Well this game is ok, but my only problem is that when I upgraded my graphics card from the GTX 670 Ti to the AMD msi R9 seires 390, and all my games worked fine but this game was broken,  in singleplayer the game will turn in to a black screen in about 5 minutes, same in multiplayer, in exo zombies it will lag, like really lag for some reason, and then it will crash, if anybody can help me with my problem please send me a friend request and text me about how to fix the problem."
76561198120541790,Not Recommended,209650,12943107,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Bacon Bacon Bacon,"terrible, god awful, storyless sack of feces"
,Recommended,209650,13434429,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Haider:jk,Played more than wonderful
,Recommended,209650,15104582,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Toker,amazing!!!!!
76561198004980310,Not Recommended,209650,15777030,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,《《《 AK 47 》》》,i have aproblom the call of duty aw multy playr not working some one ples help me my mailhassan_ali_g@hotmail.comty all
,Recommended,209650,14953666,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,De,the game need high grafic card
76561198013252969,Recommended,209650,18336820,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,nVm C3n50r3d,Love it.
76561198047916107,Recommended,209650,18336487,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,gostskull,"oh baby, oh bnayb bayb babyb,  stupid hackers"
76561198059835138,Recommended,209650,13748198,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,CraftyBoi,first off if you want this game only for the campagn then you should buy it. second if you like multyplayer then you should also play this game. they say its glitchy. thats because they play it on a dell 2in1 tablet/computer. they say everyone uses the bal-27 well i for one think this gun sucks and would rather have a rx-1. So over all those people can go die in a hole and you should get it.
76561198085075617,Not Recommended,209650,15876165,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Nochi,Bad Game
76561198035084442,Recommended,209650,14240149,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KaMaKaZy-Q8,i buyed all the pack but it didnt unluck naithing why=
76561198001428944,Recommended,209650,14246835,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,kmcdannold,Awesome
,Not Recommended,209650,13961553,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Irets,"We don't need any of your fancy DLC, give us DEDICATED SERVERS."
,Not Recommended,209650,13375068,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,E. Phoenix,Dead gameIt's new and the game is dead. Multiplayer is dead.Spent $100 for this piece of crap. Don't buy
76561198076692943,Recommended,209650,19246069,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Fly,First CoD game i played and i love it! It's a great game with many different weapons and mods!
76561198087319201,Recommended,209650,13927956,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pantsu God,I guess it's ok.
76561198117494485,Not Recommended,209650,17303370,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Efrexce,Trash
76561198092276917,Not Recommended,209650,14120061,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,A Pacifist,"Hello Everyone! Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a game that I wish I could absolutely love. Unfortunately I can't.Campaign:This year's COD campaign is much better than I expected it to be. The voice acting by Kevin Spacey was excellent and the overall tone was appropriate. What sets aside this campaign to me was the fact that it felt like I was using gadgets from some kind of awesome movie. The exo suit adds a great gameplay twist, and the gadgets that you weild are just as awesome. The major problem was poor optimization. Don't get me wrong, though. I bought a new computer is one sense to play this game. It is a standard gaming PC. 8 core 3.5GHZ CPU, 8GB of RAM, and an R9 270 with 2GB of GDDR5. Many times, the immersive aspects were dashed to pieces because of poor optimization. Overall, however, the campaign was well done: 7/10Multiplayer:The multiplayer in the game is great. When it works. The exo suits once again spice up gameplay and add a whole new level of depth to the game. Instead of rambling about the pros, I'll just say its perfect EXCEPT for whatever I mention on the cons. The problems with the MP is the lag. I could only play happily about half the MP matches without major problems. This is WAY to much for a 60 dollar product. BF4 was bad, and this is right up there. Many times, games are unplayable and I quit to play some BF4 after several minutes of gameplay. It's that bad. Overall, I would give it a 4.5/10.Overall Package.Graphics: The game looked rather bland to me. Even with maxed out settings (except for a couple AA things that were like high) the game looked very average. This saddens me. I spent 800 dollars and the computer fans turn on because of poor optimization and NOT because of beautiful graphics. 6/10Sound: I love sound in games. When I game a crank up the sound on my stereo headset and listen to the battle. Although, many people seem to love the sound, I thought it was rather bland when compared to the amazing sound of BF4. However, the sound people at Sledgehammer games to require credit. Although some sounds are flat out boring, other important ones are great. 8/10User Interface:The UI in AW reminds me more of Ghosts than the previous BO2. To me, that's fine. I don't love it, but I don't hate it (like I do that piece of !@#$ called Battlelog for BF games) 8/10Although I did seem to whammy the game  a lot, its still an okay experience for about 30 dollars or so. OR it's great if you understand what you are getting into. In this case. I do and do not recommend the game. In the end, however, I can't say I would ever tell a friend to go out and buy this.Hope this helps!"
76561198120752229,Not Recommended,209650,13770809,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Frankmyman[BirdUp],"It was a fun Casual, Arcadey shooter but the Laser Rifles ruined it lol"
,Not Recommended,209650,20232402,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Fl3sh,Call of Duty is total cabbage. Never again. Never again.
,Recommended,209650,15631421,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,救恩 (TKL),Fun and enjoyable campaign. Better than ghosts in my opinion.
,Recommended,209650,15631198,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,.:Mystic:.,multiplayer: hope you like 8 year olds with voices high enough to break a windowsingle player: hope you like being A ♥♥♥♥ING BADASS
,Recommended,209650,15632115,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[Zeon]MinevaZabi,Funny how they say that it includes access to Exo Zombies and I own the Gold edition. It says I have to buy additional DLC for it. Otherwise AW is good.
,Recommended,209650,15009961,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,BoxedWater,"Not for people that want to play every game mode,no dedicated servers,the only game modes people play are mosh pit,TDM,DOM. Late DLC Releases. i hope the next COD is better for PC."
76561198115200113,Recommended,209650,14836383,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,'speshal' forces,"Lags like hell early, but you'l' get used to it."
,Recommended,209650,13068576,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,☺C0MB4T☺,EXCELLENT GAME!!!! They really need to fix the damn lag though. Its utterly unplayable with the lag and it also has huge issues with the multiplayer that they need to fix which makes it hard to find a game in matchmaking dont forget to forward your ports on the game also by going toportforward.comto see which ports to forward
76561198062459696,Recommended,209650,14984808,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Useless,Good story and multiplayer but to small amount of weapons
,Not Recommended,209650,17203614,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,∮ Felis Catus,"Single player experience is about what you'd expect.  Play through it on easy, look at some cool set pieces.  Some of the maps are actually pretty fun.Multiplayer is a disaster and has been from day one.  If you don't like TDM, then you won't find anyone to play with.  I regret spending the money on this game and should have looked into it further before my purchase.  Won't be buying any more CoD games..."
76561198138903579,Not Recommended,209650,22343681,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,y4d0t3,Laggy game! Lost money!
76561198203000088,Not Recommended,209650,22382875,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mintburrito43,this game is terrible on PC
,Not Recommended,209650,14596865,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,babo.skinhub.com,"This game offers alot, it was great wehn I 1st played it, but considering STEAM doesnt officially own CoD, it has major lag. Do not waste your money."
,Recommended,209650,14061310,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,HeHun✝er⛧,"I only bought it for Exo Zombies.10/10 IGN- ""Like Call of Duty: Black Ops 2, but with more disappointment"""
,Recommended,209650,13878732,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,N Word Joe,"Great combat, great feel/"
76561198077416173,Recommended,209650,14712015,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ephigy,10/10
,Recommended,209650,13244557,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,W1CK3D,Actually pretty good.
,Recommended,209650,15760557,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,I AB,...
76561198157111903,Recommended,209650,15259047,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Walli3,great game
,Recommended,209650,15458480,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Omni,"Kevin Spacey says the title, roll credits.10/10"
,Recommended,209650,15438120,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Maxxy,s
,Recommended,209650,15456467,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Fraggenstein,"You can go ahead and buy this game and survive with the gliches that are in it or you can buy it and send in your gripes with Tetryarch.  It's a pretty good game as a rule,  but I would play it realizing it's boundaries such as they are and would wish whoever wants to play it.  GOOD LUCK !!!"
76561197970523373,Recommended,209650,15431296,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,[BBF]fadedsteve,"Where do I start.....The single player is a standard affair, nice time killer and overall was fun.  I wouldn't call it the greatest single player experience in the world but it def was enjoyable.  Kevin Spacey does a great job, and the fact the a corporation can wield that much power doesnt seem that off base.Now lets get to the heart and soul of the game which is its multiplayer component....This review is of the multiplayer in its current state 4/18/15 after I have logged 289hrs of multiplayer time.  Right now the multiplayer is broken..... The patch that came out on 4/8 ruined the game for most players.   RIght now many players are experiencing hard disk errors and the game crashes to desktop almost upon load up.  I find myself having to log in 3/4 times just to sign in..... Once you are in multiplayer you're ok.... but not really.  Due to no dedicated servers you are once again at the mercy of P2P host connections which are spotty at best.  If you dont go into you're config files and change the default ""max_ping ""800"" to a more reasonable number you will be playing people in Bangladesh.... Before the patch the game ran fairly well! I have a GTX970 and it smashes through 9/10 games on the market today.  HOWEVER, this game is a direct console port so you have fps lag in a lot of maps and overall lag from the P2P connection.  Sooooo you have to play the ""find the best gfx setting"" game to get the right balance.  Honestly SHG needs to get in and fix the maps and the fps lag, its inexcusable that a game thats been out 5+ months isnt running smooth on most cpu rigs.  I'm optimistic they will re-patch and fix these glaring errors because they're borderline game breaking right now.The overall fun factor once the game is actually working is great!! The new mechanic of the exo suits are a nice change of pace from the standard fare of just rushing around on the ground.  Although you have an exo now you also have to keep your head on a swivel because attacks can come from all sides and at a super fast pace.  This is def the fastest COD I've played and I've played them all.  I love the guns!! The variety and the customization is one of this games strong points.  There def was some OP guns at launch and guns that needed a buff, but they have def patched the guns properly thus far.  The M14 still needs some love tho!!! The EM1 laser gun was horribly OP previously but has been rendered useless after this past patch.  The ""pick 13"" class setup should be used in all COD's going forward, it really allows you to mix and match ur classes up and is a welcome return from Black Ops 2.  Overall, the experience is a fun one and should be played if you love the franchise.  Its not a perfect game by any stretch but when its working right, its a blast!!I would recommend this game to anyone who loves COD and is a FPS genre fan in general.  I do want to add that If you haven't played since launch I would wait till the patch fixes the current issues.  The game has a low player count due to these current issues so wait on ur purchase till they iron out the ""kinks"".Overall 7.8/10"
76561198110904244,Recommended,209650,15452616,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,WaterKabelon,Good Game !
,Recommended,209650,15766189,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,[CCH] Roscoe,I enjoyed the campaign and the graphics of it quite a bit. Exo Zombies/Exo Survival really sucks major balls is not recommended to get the season pass at all cost. Nobody plays MP but when they do the exo-suits remind you of something like Quake or Unreal Tournament because you can side-dash and dash in all directions really. I enjoyed it for the time being and spent my time enough where I don't regret paying money for this game. I still payed a lot though.
76561198077257867,Recommended,209650,23986168,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Focube,"This game is great , just make it compatalble with windows 10 .  I bought this game from steam when I had windows 7 , no issues ,  no problems . Forced to upgrade  to windows 10 now this game doesn't work properly . Steam needs to make this game compatable with windows 10 so we can get back to playing this game look at the specs for this game if you bought it from steam  it has windows 7 and 8.1  on it steam needs to update this game please !"
76561198001480670,Not Recommended,209650,18110453,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Baccouch,OMG YOU CAN DUBBLE JUMP SOO INOVATIVE! plays for 20 hours. dies
,Recommended,209650,13298414,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,The Preying Vago,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqGcBKqFL3M&list=UU8gje4nhjdJcZxq8DCK5AMAThis will persuade you!!
,Not Recommended,209650,13338147,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ScreaM cs.money csgobounty.com,I disliked this game. It stays on synchronizing game settings and then it crashes. I submitted a ticket and they just sent me links to help me that weren't so effective.
,Recommended,209650,13621438,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SPARTAN 117 B01,"CoD: Advanced Warfare Pros & Cons ReviewPros1: Outstanding graphic fidelity (Ultra settings are HIGHLY recommended)2: Revolutionary Multiplayer (Exo-Abilities breath new life into the series)3: Character Customization (AW sets a new bar for CC in MP)Cons1: Ultra settings require too much tweaking to achieve.2: Multiplayer still needs some work; Buffs and De-Buffs.3: Time limited loot is cruel and unusual punishment.Overall: 8/10Con #2 Edit : Recent gun buffs and de-buffs have certainly made this game a much better experience in the Multiplayer Arena.My Thoughts on CoD: AW,After FINALLY getting Ultra Settings with zero screen tearing and absolutely no studdering it was a smooth and fun ride the entire way through. I did feel that some of the ""Mission Moments"" were rehashed or underwhelming but it never interfered with the high octane action. If you love shooters or are fans of CoD you will love AW, its not the best in the series but it a bast and with the new Exo-Abilities it's sure to entertain.In the end I will give both this game a big thumbs up and the guys over a Sledgehammer Games and I HIGHLY recommend you give this game a try... but just not at full price.-SPARTAN 117 B01Have a Great CoD Day and Happy Holidays!"
,Not Recommended,209650,18449186,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Tediore47,"Peer to peer system is just no-go for current multiplayer gaming platform.No dedicated servers, no server active, wait? there is a server?None the less, you could spend hours waiting for any game on other modes thanteam deathmatch, sometimes no games at all. Bought the game because of the hypebut this hype is gone within first month of the gameplay.The only thing why this games works is because of Kevin Spacey performances. Kudos to that.As for gameplay overall, one word, sigh."
,Recommended,209650,13510614,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ネコねこ猫NEKO,"If this one comes 5 years earlier , EA will be a breaking company .Anyway , I LIKE IT."
,Not Recommended,209650,18901454,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ChuckMCCluck,"To me this is one of the best CODs in terms of gameplay since World at War but unfortunately I cannot recommend it with all these crashes,  lack of dedicated servers, lag and really small playerbase."
,Not Recommended,209650,23110884,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Darttagz kickback.com,Kinda wasted my money because the multiplayer does not work properly :/
,Not Recommended,209650,22622190,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,NightSky,Is there a supply drop that I can buy thats adds real people to this game? Or how about a supply drop that gives me a lag free game? or maybe a supply drop that adds fun to the game? *Not in Advanced Warfare* *But coming soon to BO3!*
,Not Recommended,209650,25934926,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheFriendlyBandit,no dont get this game the multiplayer is dead zombies the only reason i baught this game is dead ive played too much of it so i cant get a refund so unless u know people that already have it and you enjoy the generic run around in circles for hours while getting chaced by zombies that has been milked dry for years dont get this game
,Not Recommended,209650,13373828,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,boyes,"When I got this game I was excited, I went on campaign and new game, and regular, I was so excited till I noticed, it took half an hour for the scene to start, I thought it was just one bug, but after the scene, its took like 10 minutes till the game loaded, and then I kept lagging in the game, and I do have the requirements, and I died everytime, Everytime I shoot my gun to the enemy, I lag and the game pauses, after that im dead, do not buy this, buy it on the ps3 or the xbox"
,Recommended,209650,15659551,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,szajaDZSIN,Yes Best of all ...  <3
,Not Recommended,209650,14229522,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,2D_Mike,Game: Call of Money. Crash WarfareWhat happens when you?Open the game CRASH!In a party and editing your loadout CRASH!Match just started CRASH!Knife someone CRASH!Exo jump CRASH!CRASH!CRASH CRASH!AND MORE CRASHING TO DO!10/10 would rather flush my $100 note in a toilet.Craptivision...
76561198018580615,Recommended,209650,15659682,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Lateksitappaja,♥♥♥♥♥peli
76561198044005886,Recommended,209650,28338006,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Serenity,Not really a COD multiplayer fan but dam... they know how to make one good story mode. I really only buy COD games due to the good campaigns they have for their games.
,Recommended,209650,13406272,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Scepo Farmskins.com,Absolutely amaizing
76561198057511809,Recommended,209650,13538864,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HUgeneral,"Wish I could play some S&D, but I have not been able to yet and have had the game for weeks! Survival though saves this games♥♥♥♥♥really! It is not easy like it was in MW3 and it can get really damn tense quick! But it is still a fun game for that aspect of it! 8/10"
76561198141208747,Recommended,209650,13743181,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shadow Omega,"The game is really quite fantastic, and i love the multi-level batte integration of the exo suits. Although as a PC game you need good internet amd a beefy computer. If you have both then you are able to get the full experience, however if you are lacking internet speed or processing power the gameplay will suffer. I don't recomend the game if you are playing on a laptop that isnt ment for gamming. I do recomend it if you have a beefy computer and internet that can keep up!!"
76561198157767405,Recommended,209650,13559837,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,many_squirrels,"After reading a lot of reviews, I was hesitant to buy it. On a limb, I bought AW when it went on sale and I can't say I'm disappointed. Of course this is just an OPINION, but I don't know why people are furious about AW. I got some good enjoyment out of the campaign. It was nice to see something other than 'Merica f*ck yea in a cod game. Graphics in the cutsecenes were gorgeous and overall the game felt different enough from other cod games.The Multiplayer could use some work, but besides some pretty decent lag, it is playable. Is the game worth $60? No, but then again when has a cod game been worth $60 since blackops (maybe mw3 if you can bribe me with a cookie).TL;DR: Wait for it to be on sale. It can be fun if you liked older cod games"
76561198022186633,Recommended,209650,13677390,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,G.O.D. Killerone,sweet
,Not Recommended,209650,16729975,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Zombiefetus3290,"if you have an nvidia card this game crashes all the Effin time, even if you exceed the minimum requirements. This is two COD games in a row where they've released a half-finished product that doesn't run right and it will be the last time they take my money on PC. I can promise you that."
,Not Recommended,209650,15023521,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,GameboiCarti,Honestly a massive dissappointment. I have loved all previous CoDs but AW has truely been one of the worst video games I have ever played. It is a BORING GAME.
,Recommended,209650,14457345,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Blastoise,Not intended but must defend it.
,Recommended,209650,12815966,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,"It's mind blowingly good AND wildly horrific.Let me help you decide whether or not to buy this game.Specs: 32gbRAM, i7 haswell 12core 3GHz, nVidia 780 x2 in SLI, SSHD 550mbR/R/WI speak as a gaming fanatic but non fan of this franchise.Single Player:The campaign is the most detailed, action packed, heart pounding and visceral scripted shooting experience that has ever been available. Imagine the best action motion picture you have ever seen, now imagine being in a version of it at 4K resolutions. That is the CoD experience.Personally, I hate games that restrict player action. Once again, CoD:AW funnels you down scripted corridors of bad guys with the variation imbued by gadgetry and cut scenes. The game is so beautiful and detailed however that it makes you desire more of the same. You MUST buy this game if you ever had the slightest interest in First Person Shooters.Multi-Player:This is the games crowning achievement and what will reap massive revenue for the publisher. There is a game mode for whatever mood you are in. Feeling that all FPS games are boring and depressing? Turn on Exo-Survival mode and it will kick your senses in the amygdala and reward you with chaos, much like the Extinction mode from Ghosts.Player versus player action in this game is fast paced and satisfying. This is the only CoD game that I can highly recommend AND be glad I spent the money.In short, you may shy away from this game thinking that it's just another installment, but you would be wrong to do so. This is a game that everyone in the world should play.BUY IT NOW - if you enjoyed: Borderlands, Call of Duty, Destiny, Crysis, Battlefield 4,  Brothers in Arms, Medal of Honour, Doom, Wolfenstein or in fact any game that requires more than one braincell.Praise the Lord for games like Titanfall, Destiny, Elder Scrolls, Battlefield4 and Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare"
,Recommended,209650,14505794,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,DoubleDipin,WHERE IS ZOMBIES DAMN IT
,Not Recommended,209650,18928527,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,scav,"Game can not even run without crashing at 144hz. Clearly this is to much to ask for. WIndow mode with 59hz is fine though, however not acceptable.This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing scam, just as the next CoD game. Pay premium for recycled garbage.Obviously Steam will, as usual, not refund the game if you decided to wait past the two weeks limit before you decide that it will never get better."
76561198047294825,Recommended,209650,18074771,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,TwistedCreeper,Great game and DlC
,Not Recommended,209650,15388315,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,God,"This review is for the multiplayer, which I have over 200 hours into.I absolutely loved the campaign.Initially I loved the new mechanics, I still do, and I hope they bring at least part of it into Black Ops 3. But the multiplayer has gotten to the point that dedicated servers aren't even as big of an issue as the vast amount of hacking going on now. Recently they have been as bad as it is with cod games that have been around for ~10 years. Sledgehammer desperately needs to address hackers in a way that doesn't just allow them to do it then ban them, it needs to be stopped before it even happens. Wallhacks, aimbot, nospread, and click macros (on semi-auto weapons like snipers and pistols) seem to be what most of them use.You can barely ever find a match that doesn't have at least one of them. It's not even worth trying to find a legitimate lobby anymore. And I don't mean every few rounds you'll run into a lobby that doesn't have one, I mean RARELY as in you'll be lucky if you get 1-2 games without one even if you're on all day.Unlike others, I haven't had a single issue with FPS drops or any other problems people claim. I only experienced 1 or 2 crashes from multiplayer saying memory was full but it wasn't. The main crashing issue lately hasn't been caused by the game, steam  servers have been acting up a lot lately disconnecting. My complaint is purely the players."
,Recommended,209650,34796525,Posted: 7 September,all,Eyelander,Wasnt fantastic but it was OK 6.5/10
,Recommended,209650,34955045,Posted: 14 September,all,Elliott Harry Maher,Non existent Mp.
76561198096707228,Not Recommended,209650,35338140,Posted: 30 September,all,SlickBananaLad,"Online does not work, its not just me that has this problem."
76561198019011476,Recommended,209650,14670808,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,sparkyhammer2000,"Really enjoyed playing the single player game, lots of action and fairly long.  About 8 hours or so playtime.  I have all of the COD games right from cod 1 to this newest one so I'm a fan of course.  The one thing i really hate about the online portion of the game is the ability to use your jet pack and fly for short burts.  I call them jack rabbits because there always flying away from you at the most inoportune time, drives me all kinds of crazy.  I've heard the phrase head on a swivel but this is insane.  You have players falling all over you and shooting from above as there falling from the jet pack run...Just makes the online game that much more less enjoyable for a rookie to get anywhere."
76561198045991864,Recommended,209650,13367801,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,NaiveBadgerCow,much better than the last 2
,Not Recommended,209650,12916879,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,PhamTrinli,"tons of multiplayer issues (lost connection, timeouts, synchronizing game settings..., disconnects)"
,Recommended,209650,14723854,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,rdkillers,100% recommend it !!!
76561197982865344,Not Recommended,209650,12931418,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sack,"This may very well be the last COD game for me. It's come a long way from COD 1 & 2... and not for the better. Gone are the days of lengthy singleplayer campaigns that could last more than a single sitting, and the Multiplayer... nothing really new, same crap frag-fest... TitanFall is still more enjoyable and that ain't saying much. I think these guys gotta decide wether to go Full Multiplayer or Full Single Player as they've produced a crap version of both. I find it hard to believe that with Kevin Spacey, that's all they pulled off. Looks like most of the budget went into rendering the cut-scenes... but with the sound sync issues, they were underwhelming. Movie making 101: Youre eyes can forgive, your ears can't.. get the sound right! I skipped COD Ghosts, should have skipped this."
76561198158721030,Recommended,209650,14722854,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,mdg,"i reccomend this game,its alot of fun but why does COD always says that the call of duty service is not available at the moment which makes me annoyed help meeee please."
,Not Recommended,209650,13767358,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sunken,Why did i even buy this.
76561198148337618,Recommended,209650,17527283,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Mr. Foster,great gameplay and soundfx! toally recommend it for fps fans
,Recommended,209650,12823371,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[BOREDOM],"NOTE: Ignore the time played, as it looks like it is taking it from the single player component of the game, which didn't even take a process into account. I have beaten the campaign and have played 10+ hours of multiplayer at the time of writing.Go ahead, call the last few installments of the ""Call of Duty"" series bland, boring, awful, I wouldn't blame you, Ghosts was just a trainwreck. But doing it to this game, especially without having played it, is ignorant and a huge mistake.From all the recent games that have announced their ""true next-gen experience"", this is one holds up to its promise, introducing new gameplay mechanics in the multiplayer, bringing back a new and improved survival mode with secrets, and a cinematic campaign so story-driven it felt like watching a movie.So seeing as Multiplayer is the main component of this game, it is what I'll be talking about.With Infinity Ward's last installment, Call of Duty Ghosts, expectations were honestly set very low. But Sledgehammer games took on this challenge and exceeded what people assumed of the game by so much, it is fair to already call it one of the greater games of this franchise.The gameplay is so smooth and fluent, even whilst using the exo-skeleton abilities and dashes. Classic Call of Duty gunplay feels better than ever. The new Create a Class system offers players to pick 13 options, and seems to be the most balanced system yet. After building your class, you can go straight into a shooting range without any loading and test your set-up.The maps are perfectly well adjusted and built around the new super jumps and fast movement, yet still offer enough room for people to use long range heavy weapons.The sounds are on point, with every gun sounding the way you'd assume they sound (and even better!).The many ways you can customize your soldiers are fun and unique and reminding of Halo: Reach's customization. Unlocking gear/clothes is done through supply drops, which can be compared to drawing new cards for a card game from a booster pack. These also offer variations of weapons with what appear to be ""free"" attachments and ""pre-painted"" skins.AND AT LAST, FROM WHAT THE DEVELOPERS HAVE BEEN SAYING, WE MIGHT GET OUR GOOD OLD DEDICATED SERVERS BACK (Developer made answer unclear, but from what many people understood is that we are).As I feel like I have yet to play a bit more exo-survival before fully reviewing it, I will hold off on that for now."
,Not Recommended,209650,12823303,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Weak Sauce,"I have a decent PC that can run just about anything, maybe not on ultra at 60fps but pretty damn close. That is why it baffles me that I am unable to run this game for more than 20-30 seconds.GTX 670 (evga)i5-2550K16GB ramSingle player Crashes Immediately. As soon as I wait through the unskippable beginning cut scene for the 30th time it crashes the moment I move my mouse. Multiplayer has been better, I've been able to play for a full 60 seconds and even got a kill before the game crashed. I tried a fresh install of drivers from safemode with drive sweeper... Tried all the setting tweaks I could find online including turning all settings to their lowest but the game still crashes in under a minute each and every time. It has even crashed in the menu screens. Some crashes result in display driver error others just crash the entire PC requiring a reboot.I would ask for a refund at this point but I know that isn't happening. I said Black Ops would be the last COD game I buy but this clinches it, I will not buy another COD game ever. This is the first time i've brought a game and not been able to get it to run at all even after trying the usual tweaks."
,Recommended,209650,12802803,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,AA,"Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is probably the best CoD game release on the PC platform.  You can tell that Sledgehammer Games have put a good amount of time and effort in to this port.The gunplay is good, if you liked how the guns handled in Previous Call of Duty games, you will instantly be familiar with them in Advanced Warfare.  That is a good thing, the gunplay in Call of Duty is generally really good.The campaign in Advanced Warfare is surprisingly fun.  Previous titles in the franchise have faltered when it has come to the single player experience but Advanced Warfare does a good job.  The story is very compelling with some fantastic visuals. It plays really well.  It is a bit on the short side - as is the norm for FPS style single players, but it is good fun.  However, players on the discussion forums and I have noticed MASSIVE and i do mean massive FPS drops inside cutscenes, I have experienced FPS as low as 3FPS inside some of the cutscenes, on top of this there are issues with audio sync.The multiplayer is as good, if not better than ever.  Thanks to the introduction of the exoskeleton players can scale entire buildings with a boost jump, take cover and heal with stim along with plenty of other abilities.  The new movement system is fantastic and it seems to revitalise what was quickly becoming a stale experience.  Players can dodge incoming enemy fire and grenades - In any direction on top of boost jumping on to roofs of buildings or even over the opposing players head to gain an advantage.  There is a good variety of playlists with some new game modes and old making an appearance.Multiplayer brings in a huge amount of player customization.  Players will be able to craft the character to look how they want.  Nearly everything is editable – from helmet to tops to gloves, skin colour, male or female, etc.  This really adds a more personal dynamic to the franchise.A new game mechanic exclusive to multiplayer is Loot drops.  Players are rewarded with random Supply Drops during games which can be redeemed after a game has ended for loot.  This loot can be anything from timed customization options as such as helmets or gloves, permanent loot like different variants on guns that can have different stats and even 10 minute double XP boosts.The options menu is extensive.  The ability to rebind every single key/action is there - Both in multiplayer and single player (You can set different options settings in both).  A FOV slider is available in Multiplayer but not Single Player.  The game also boasts up to 90FPS - and succeeds in running at 90FPS smoothly.  All in all, there are around 24 different advanced settings for visuals.If you are avoiding this due to Call of Duty: Ghosts - Don't.  Ghosts was awful, this game is everything but.  It is a great experience in both Single Player and Multiplayer.  I highly recommend this title.Also:  Kevin Spacey."
,Recommended,209650,12796965,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,EWC123,killed many bad guys in the face with a gun that shoots sciencewas rewarded with supply dropgave me pantsJem Finch/10
,Not Recommended,209650,12825857,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,captain314,"Multi Player.    4/10All though Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is better then Ghosts, I do not recomend it. This reminds me of titanfall. A shotgun isn't 1 shot kill, hardcore you shoot first;then you're the one that ends up dead, constantly getting killed through walls, and no one plays anything but Dom, [HC] Dom, TDM, [HC] TDM, and ground war. Where are the players for Hardpoint? Or Gun Game? Or Classic game modes? I personaly will be going back to Black Ops II.Single Player. 8/10The Advanced Warfare single player is epic! I havent ever played a CoD single player and I LOVE this one. Great job. The $60.00 was for the single player for sure."
,Recommended,209650,12828464,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sailor Moon,"Fun and refreshing.Short Verion:The story is great, wasn't too keen on the ending, but was definitely worth the play-through - Probably the best written and acted storyline to date. The multiplayer (which is what everyone buys these games for) is fun, innovative without straying too far from it's 'modern warfare' roots. In short, a great cross between MW3 and Black Ops 2 with amazing graphics, a great new armoury system, and a few cool new toys thrown in.I was a little skeptical about this one, wasn't too keen on the idea of the sci-fi lasers pew-pew theme, but ended up buying it anyway, and I'm not disappointed. The setting, while futuristic, still feels recognisable enough; most of the weapons are still bullet based, and while they are modern variants of them, they still feel like they were based on real guns (The KF5 is a lot like the classic MP5 for example).The sci-fi weapons like the laser beam heavy weapon and the advanced suits of armour seem to blend seamlessley into the game, as does the as-standard exoskeleton that everyone wears. Adding the power jump as standard seems to have actually reduced the bunny hopping effect of the previous games, (as you can't jump again until you hit the ground), so you end up with more protracted ""dog fights"" in the air.The game looks amazing, even on my now outdated 560ti 448, seems nicely optimized for a next-gen game... (Don't get why people with better specs than mine are apparently having performance issues, they clearly haven't got their settings right). The sound effects and general 'feel' of the game is top quality, as you'd expect from a CoD game. Map design is very nice, large enough and with multiple levels thanks to the new ability to reach much higher places, they also kept the cool map-exclusive scorestreak idea from Ghosts.Cool new stuff, the armoury is great, takes an MMO-style concept of loot and gives you 'supply drops', you get weapons and armour pieces of varying quality, sometimes exp boosts and killstreaks that apply in your next match. You can get unique variants of weapons that come with their own camo, stat changes, and sometimes permanent attachments as standard.The downsides, had a few network issues, but getting into games quicker than I ever did in Ghosts. Most of the games I've been in have been lag-free with the odd exception. There are a couple of graphic glitches, like people's skins not loading up, and the odd spot of network cut out, I take these to be teething troubles, and I haven't lost any EXP or items when I have been disconnected, so minor complaints really. No balance issues, expect the weapon classes to be fairly standard from previous games in that respect. Only thing that would be a nice addition would be the ability to trade your supply drop items on Steam (like DOTA, TF2, etc) and save things in your redeemable loot to your permanent locker.☆☆☆☆☆Overall: 8/10☆☆☆☆☆"
,Recommended,209650,12835246,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[TKS]BIGDADDY,"love it , is like having titanfall  and call of duty all together .  the guys that love the old style it still have it ."
,Recommended,209650,12797662,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gronhovk,"Awesome FPS game, buy it!!! Amazing game atmosphere and the best FPS game mechanics i have seen before. Respect all of the developers who work this project.Awesome stuff- You can see enemies unlike other Call of Duty games.- Very fast and smooth- Game mechanics- Graphics- Game itself- Weapons- New Upgrade system- Player Models- Sounds- GUIIf i must say one bad thing about this game it would be friendly AI system on Campain. They are still better than all of the Call of Duty games but it could be better. AI system didn't bother me all the time so I give this incredible game 10/10.Seriously guys this is not like old Call of Duty games you will love it."
,Recommended,209650,12922528,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Epic Anderson,"The multiplayer will make you smash things, increase your blood pressure, and jeopordize all of your real relationships.  My wrists hurt from playing, and I am angry constantly.  I cry myself to sleep at night thinking about all the heavy lasers being carried arround by noobs.The game, itself, is very fun to play, but they really blew it on the kill streaks.  It's a lot harder to rack up kills, easier to die, and harder to kill people because you can zip around like the rocket man on steroids.  They need to adjust the kill streaks so uav is at 3 kills AT LEAST.Also, the fact that the majority of the killstreaks require manually piloting is obnoxious.I haven't gotten too deep into the single player, but waiting for the NPCs to slowly move from poaint A to point B is pretty obnoxious.Overall, it's definately a fun multiplayer experience, but it has room for improvement.Definately not as good as Black Ops was at it's prime, but overall a worthy game."
,Not Recommended,209650,12825117,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,goodsnpr,"Very laggy. Still have graphics issues with a 7990 setup.  Maps seem smaller than ever.  No real improvements upon the series, just small changes overall. Sure the exo suits are new, but they don't add too much to the game imo. Hard to find low ping games, and almost no hardcore games.Better than ghosts, but not worth the money."
,Recommended,209650,12937852,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Andrew 林,"I'm recommending this game based on my experience with the single-player campaign, which I enjoyed very much. It's action-packed and the futuristic setting is a breath of fresh air from other military games. There's stealth camou, homing grenades, exo-suits, controllable flying drones, and wall-climbing pads. The story is actually good and I found myself sympathising with both the good and bad guys. If you're a fan of Kevin Spacey, you'll like his performance in this game as well."
,Recommended,209650,12803976,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Kevinlfy,"At first I was thinking why did I even buy this game at the first place, I should not buy the Steam PC version, I should get the PS4 version instead. No matter how I try to configure the graphics, settings, all did not turn out well and the gameplay were laggy and graphic were horriblly ugly. As for my PC were dual boot from my iMac (21.5"", Late 2012) the spec is supposed to be good. After tried so many times to do the setting finally I looked for how do I get refund from Steam because this game sucks, but Steam does not refund on purchases. So I thought I just wasted my money on this game but then I went to Nvidia website and download the latest driver for my graphic card and optimize my gameplay setting for this game and viola, everything is so beautiful and gameplay is smooth. No regret, in fact, it's really fun and enjoyable!"
,Recommended,209650,12803579,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TF_Kayak,"I'll be honest I was very surprised by this game. (EDIT) I have finished the single player campaign and I loved it. It was great with some amazing voice acting, especially from Kevin Spacey and it included some very fun missions. This is (In my opinion) way better that Ghosts, and it is better optimized- I play on a GeForce GTX 760 and average about 90 fps on high settings (90 fps is the cap in multiplayer, no cap in singleplayer), and again (IMO) has a better storyline and a more interesting time period, think of the technological leap that BO2 went from MW3.PROS-This game has some of the best character face models I have seen in any videogame, although some of the minor characters do not benefit from this as much-Better optimized than previous titles (cough cough Ghosts)-Different multiplayer from previous games, I know it is said every time a Call of Duty game comes out but the EXO adds a great variety to gameplay-Unique weapons (may be a con for some) with a few bringbacks from previous games  (think AK-12)-Character Customization (A bringback from Ghosts but a welcome one)-(EDIT) EXO Survival, pretty much the survival co-op segment from MW3 but with 4 people, it can be enjoyable with a group of friends, has some replay value in it-Laser WeaponsCONS-No dedicated servers, this is a HUGE turnoff as you can be placed in games where you get terrible connection and ping-Turning on Cache Sun Shadow Maps and Cache Spot Shadow maps has a chance to turn your game into a 2 fps nightmare-(EDIT) The main gametypes on multiplayer where you can find a game are TDM and Domination, with only a few (as of now) people playing any of the other game types-(EDIT) Mouse Accerleration is an issue-(EDIT) There is a HUGE auto-aim bonus if you use a gamepad so this is a plus for some but mostly an annoyance for everyone elseOverall I would recommend this game to someone who has enjoyed prior COD games but didn't particularly enjoy Ghosts. It is a nice change of pace and I would say that Sledgehammer did a good job on it. My overall score for this game would be an 8/10 due to the lack of dedicated servers and mouse accerleration, however this may not be a problem to some. I will update as I play more. If you are not a fan of COD then I would probably say don't get this yet and wait for a free weekend, because it does still feel like a COD game overall just with some welcomed changes.(Also the game hours you see on this page are for singleplayer only as far as I am aware so do not judge any review for the ""lack of hours"" as they may have expedentially more multiplayer ones)"
,Recommended,209650,24070381,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Spycho,This is the best CoD ive played since CoD2. I dont play multiplayer and maybe thats what people hate about it i dont know but in my oppinion CoDs MP went down hill after CoD:UO. the last CoD game i bought before this was MW2 and the story was ok but it sort of became rediculous. Everything that came after MW2 just got worse and worse in my mind and i refused to own any CoD games for a very long time because of it. I bought CoD:AW because i knew that if the modern CoD community hated the game it must be AMAZING and i bought the game based on that and the chance to play a grade A cyberpunk shooter. BOY WAS I RIGHT. You new school CoD fans are fkn stupid. This game has an awesome story line with original and inventive devices (for a shooter) that make the game actually fun to play. On top of that because the game isnt trying to mix super unrealisticly high tech equipment in a present day environment i can stomach playing this game a lot better.In my oppinion some of the tech options i saw in the MW and BO games were over the top just for the sake of it. As a VCoD player i feel the best part of any good CoD game should be to tell a good realistic story not to make up tech and nonsence to sell copies which is what the franchise became. I feel that with this game the story is very well told and the time period allowed the developers to go as crazy as they wanted with the tech and not lose the games sence of reality. Because i found a modern CoD game i can actually stomach playing even enjoy I give this game 2 thumbs up 5 stars and 10 out of 10 (For Campaign)... i still wont play MP cus CoD multiplayer is still a stupid and childish mosh pit. If i wanted that id go play CS:Source or GO instead so this review is purely a review of campaign. But im almost certain this games MP is r-tarded to the next level because of all the crazy tech.
,Not Recommended,209650,12838837,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GayoMayo,"It's like an Early Access game, riddled with bugs.Black screens, freezing, random errors, optimization is lacking in a handful of the maps, and everyone everywhere is having server/lag issues.Gameplay wise, it's got the CoD feel, bit faster, but Hardcore mode is now almost unplayable because of lazer weapons, vertical gameplay and tiny maps, the survivability went way down as a result. Hardcore is just chaos, no real tactical gameplay or skill required.Core is a bit more enjoyable than usual though, and it results in some fun dog fights, but sniping because of the exo suits and the limited size of the maps, is weak and unengaging. That is one thing CoD Ghosts did correctly, was sniping... but again, it was also riddled with bugs and hackers.The customization is a bit nicer than Ghosts. (even though the female players look just like the male players but with lipstick on) The unlocks are somewhat gratifying and being able to see the various uniforms players are sporting in the lobby is a nice addition.Perks, scorestreaks etc. are somewhat run-of-the-mill, with that said though, the ability to customize the actual scorestreaks and upgrade each individual one, is a nice addition and adds some great depth... if any of them were actually fun to use.Guns are also standard, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the addition of lazer weapons seems a bit forced and poorly balanced. They are somewhat useless in Core and way too over powered in Hardcore. I did though have a ton of fun with NA-45 Sniper rifle, a semi-automatic with a two round magazine. The first round (primer) explodes when the second round (catalyst) hits nearby. Sounds daunting, but when both shots can kill, the explosive damage is an added bonus and adds an extra layer of strategy.As for the Campaign, probably the better of the CoD campaigns, and Spacey was a great idea. Not far theough the campaign now, but thus far it runs smoothly on my system, fully detailed out at 2560x1600, no crashes or problems. So no clue why the multiplayer is so unstable...Anyway, in it's current state, it doesn't feel like a game that took 3 years to make, and if this is the first in the 3 year stint of game development for the series, then it's not a good sign for CoD on the PC. Wouldn't be surprised if PC versions of future CoD games were phased out.I will not be playing this game again until a few updates away. Crashes are too frequent in both Survival and Multiplayer modes.Some great concepts, but unfortunately that's all they feel like right now, just high level concepts without any infrastructure or planning. Good single player experience though... but that's not what I paid for.UPDATE:Not only have they not fixed the issues mentioned above, they now updated the ""Friendly Fire"" in Hardcore to now kick you, instead of a temp time out in game. This means now even if your scorestreak (maned or unmaned) counts as teamkills. I had a care package blow up and kill a friendly, and get kicked. So the one thing they actually did right, they rolled back to previous CoD games...Oh, and it's crashing just as much now, even with a brand new video card, a Nvidia 970FTW.♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,209650,13094832,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Macdaddy,Hard to say whether or not to recommend this game.(Speaking from multiplayer)The game itself is really good the exo suit is awesome the guns are pretty great (albeit some inbalance) but not nearly as bad as people make it out to be. Maps are really well done and gameplay is just plain fun mechanics generally just work.The problem lies with the PC port and implementation of the online. Most people (<50%) experience some kind of spontaneous debilitating or continuous lag. Even if you can run bf4 at max settings no problem you may have trouble running this game. So obviously it is a port issue rather than hardware on behalf of the players. Hopefully they fixed this.I have 100+ hours on the game but does not show multiplayer play time for some reason.
,Recommended,209650,13134366,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MOT@TaterSalad,"i like the game but with no dedicated servers hate the lagggggggg ,and cheaters"
,Not Recommended,209650,23474910,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Fresh_Slav,Im getting a refund.
,Recommended,209650,12799948,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Frostea,"The single player experience is interesting, with a multitude of tools and shenanigans you can pull off. Definitely CoD's best so far, although don't expect replay value.  The ending felt a little muted in terms of the explosive action that I have come to expect from CoD's campaigns. It'll be spoilers if I continued so I'll stop there. That said, the graphics and scenery is fully what I expected from a 2014 title. It isn't as cutting edge as a Crysis game, but it is still great.The multiplayer experience a refreshing take on the CoD formula. A variety in map design and the introduction in exo-suit allows for a greater variety in tactics and can result in much faster paced gameplay compared to the older titles. Rather than running around obstacles, you can often opt to boost-jump over them, but that presents a risk in exposing yourself. Explosive weapons can also be fairly easily boost-dodged, thus addressing the age-old ""noob tube"" issue.The weapon variety is also completely removed from the modern arsenal, with mostly fictitious weapons and equipments. This is a good thing, as the change-up allows interesting new effects. For example, a KF5 (sub-machinegun) deals increased damage for the first 5 rounds in the magazine.Overall the game is well worth the purchase and redeems itself from the disaster that was Ghost. 8.5/10"
76561198077481902,Recommended,209650,12842538,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mr.TrollSpy,A good call of duty game ı like it but some players dont like but they played 1-4 minutes lol ı like that game we can use new powers and its more fun you need to try it
,Recommended,209650,12826081,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,TheRedGamer,"Gameplay is a step above the older COD games with the unique infusion of advanced mechanics through the EXO suit. Single player is a short campaign with a few too many QTEs to make one comfortable and an overused starting mechanic: all the missions begin with ""follow said person, wait until something goes wrong, then fight to escape"". It loses it's shock value by the second time easily. Beyond that, some of the technology they are showcasing is a bit over the top and doesn't ground itself in reality at all, but it's rather obvious from the beginning it was never their intent.The multiplayer is truly where the game saves itself, bringing levels of competitiveness for all levels of players. There are the same issues thrown about between camping (despite having cloak and fast moving EXO systems), hackers, and annoying players who complain all the time, the various modes ensure you can find a group you like. Lack of dedicated servers is annoying for anyone playing on the PC as matchmaking causes a flurry of issues, but it's the way games run today.Check out my full review on the game below:www.urbangamingelite.com/features/reviews/call-of-duty-advanced-warfare/"
,Recommended,209650,12824520,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ArtifactBorn,"works fine on my system(amd r9 280x, intel i5 4670). Enjoyable, fast paced killing. I don't really see why everyone hates it. I think people need a little more suffering in their lives if complaining about games takes up so much of their time. what did you expect arma with exosuits it's CoD! lot's of fun, don't take it so seriously. AND ONLY PLAY HARDCORE!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,209650,12800304,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cydrox,"Some call it The Rebirth of the CoD Franchise. I think not.Just a few cons I have:It needs more weapons, the ARs are very limited along with the specials.No dedicated servers.A low tier to mid tier PC will require downgrading graphics to play with high FPS.Needs more character customization.I would give:7/10"
,Recommended,209650,12827855,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,VOODOOSAMURAI,Amazing
,Not Recommended,209650,12852068,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Aside from Modern Warfare 2, I haven't bothered with any other version, as they are all the same.  This one is no exception - they even use the same sounds from MW2 in the menus!Graphics are okay - nice, but nothing special.  They do tend to be blurry in the single player game though.  You have to go through the ""born bind"" intro every time you resume the campaign mode - and it can't be skipped!The whole game is slow and laggy - from the laggy menu, to the excruitatingly slow loading of multiplayer or bot rounds (you literally have time to make a cup of tea before it has loaded - assuming the game syncronising doesn't fail) before you can play.Movement is poor, with erratic mouse movements and inconistent collision detection.  Game matching is poor.  Most attempts at game joining fail - much like Modern Warfare 2 really.The only good part is that you can fight against bots - but even that requires an online server.It doesn't feel like the game has been in development for three years - it feels like something that was developed for a few months and then rushed out for Christmas.  There is little that can be recommended with the game unfortunately.  I'm hoping to be able to get a refund for the game, as its not worth hoping that the game will be patched soon.The game doesn't respond to ALT+TAB or ALT+ENTER, so you cant do much else whilst its loading.In conclusion, multiplayer is a frustrating and irritating lag-fest.  Single player campaign is burden by an intro sequence that you have to watch every time you play it - and it can't be skipped!The latest updates haven't helped in any of the important areas.  The first update managed to mute all sound in the single player campaign - whether the second fixed it, I have no idea, but it certainly hasn't helped the multi-player mode."
,Recommended,209650,12978894,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Fallen,"Gameplay:I've always been a big critic of Call of Duty. I think that no CoD has stood up to the gameplay that sucked me in during MW2, that is until now. Adding the exosuits was a big step up and a breath of fresh air. The skill cap rose, the difficulty of the game rose and it added a ton of fun to the twitchy CoD gameplay! Gunplay is like most CoD's, low recoil high damage but the guns vary a lot. Some guns have little special twists to them that add a lot of flexibility and the addition of the special drop weapons also helps a ton!9/10Visuals:For a CoD, especially a PC version, it's amazing. We have a ton of graphics options and everything looks fairly clear and nice. It's the biggest step up in graphics I've seen out of CoD and it's glorious. I think it could be optimized a bit more but I'm honestly really happy with it.9/10Audio:Audio is great. The walking/running sounds are crisp and clear along with all other sounds. Guns sounds pretty solid, pretty sure I've heard echo in cavernous areas especially in singleplayer which is nice to hear. Voices are solid.8/10Connectivity:Really the only fault with this game. No dedicated servers=bad connection. Launch week was a mess for connectivity and registering of bullets and whatnot. The two patches we have received have helped a lot but it's still not dedicated servers so it still gets a 0 from me.0/10Final Thoughts:Great game, well made, suffers from connectivity issues but I would still recommend it be cause the issues aren't to terrible.7/10EDIT: I edited out a word in connectivity because apparently words can be censored on steam, it now says dedicated servers=bad connection."
,Recommended,209650,12883444,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,madrat,THEY FIXED THE GAME. LAG IS NONEXISTENT NOW!
76561198111381740,Recommended,209650,13008858,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,PixelPiledriver,"The MP is fun.But getting into a match of anything other than Team Deathmatch takes quite a bit of time.I keep this game open in windowed mode,That way I can do other stuff while waiting for other players to join.While doing that...It can sometimes take...Up to 2 hours...To find a game............................"
,Recommended,209650,12968943,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BlackSquid,"I haven't played this much, but I can see that this is a really good game - it is perhaps the only good CoD game since the orginal Modern Warfare.They appear to have fixed a lot of the issues that plagued previous installments, such as dieing every 10 seconds from grenade spam (you now spend most of your time in the air). All in all, it's a very fun game!The only down side is that there are no ""proper"" dedicated servers, or server browser. You are forced to use the matchmaking, and over peer-to-peer, lag is entirely possible. However I am based in the UK, and after perhaps 20 odd games, only one of those did I have issues with lag."
76561198038492212,Recommended,209650,12811236,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Metal Guitargod,"Have to say best call of duty yet.   Levels have a distinct action feel, and seem to flow at a controlable rate;  you'll want to return and replay them.  How many first person shooters do that?  New perks you either like or dislike them.  The jet packs feel weighty, and there uses are limited (campaign).  I personnally am enjoying it.  Hope you all like it too, and I  hope this helps."
,Recommended,209650,12836144,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Morten!,This game need dedicated server's for god shakeThen game is fine over all the lag is just killing it. But Black ops 2 had the same issue in the first month on PC!The game is over all a 7/10
,Recommended,209650,12829064,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Djentmeester420,Best COD game I've ever played. Best game I ever played hands down. 5 stars period
,Recommended,209650,12838635,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Swayze,Epic.
,Recommended,209650,12923215,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,(SK^GI)*Skullripper,"Singleplayer is awesome, although it´s still only 6/7 hours playtime. It has a good story, but not completely new. Actually it´s the same story as Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2. To keep it short: Good guy become bad guy.A lot of new characters, better graphics and the cutscenes are just amazing!Multiplayer is really good too, I did not have this 'CoD'-feeling since Modern Warfare 2 Multiplayer. The feeling that I could be playing this for a long time. The feeling that I could actually turn the tide and win the match with me team.Besides the Ray-gun, the game is pretty balanced. Lot's of gamemodes, even a couple 'classic'-games, without the extra options. The new gamemodes in the game are things like: Uplink and Momentum. you can compare Uplink with the Unreal Tournament Bombing-run. Momentum is similar to Capture and Hold.Lots of guns, lots of outfits. Everyone can customize their character to their own likings. Even the logo is completely customizable. Too bad that not many people make their own logo, as I see in-game, when I check other people's characters.There is also an 'Exo'-ability. Exo is used for a special ability, abilities like: extra movementspeed, (almost) stealth, shield, health regen, etc.Exo Survival is a coop-game. A maximum of 4 players fight off waves of enemies. Upgrade your weapon's damage, your armor, etc. etc. Upgrading can be used for anything, guns, armor, exo, scorestreaks, grenades, etc.It's a fun gamemode, although it takes quite long before it gets really difficult. There is also a bonus wave, around wave 100, zombies. That's the only thing with zombies at the moment, there are rumors of a zombie-DLC coming soon.Wave 100 is easy to reach, it's not that hard to stay alive.Pros- Customizable logo's- Customizable characters- Balanced gameplay- Lot of actions- (almost) No noobtube.- Lots of gamemodes- Exo survival upgrade opportunitiesCons- Ray-gun is too OP, needs to be balanced- Singleplayer same story as Modern Warfare 2- Zombies only in Bonus round Exo SurvivalRating8/10I love to have the feeling back that I had with Modern Warfare 2, the time I was able to play the game for so long and still have fun.RecommendedYes, eventhough it costs 60 euros, it is worth the money. Lots of action, as we are used to with CoD-games. Finally we have anothergoodCall of Duty game."
,Recommended,209650,13006722,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,samsara,"I LOVE this game, far better than Ghosts but still has the same COD trouble with lag compensation and no dedicated servers. If you are true COD lover you are thinking of getting it and I say do it! I hope they start having free days so people can get a taste of this game before purchasing, since  many are shy now due to the ghosts fiasco."
76561198047819674,Recommended,209650,12824966,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Godd Howard,"This is actually a great call of duty, waaaaaaaay better than ghost kinda feeling like MW2 days :)"
,Recommended,209650,12937193,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,KillSwitch,"Honestly I don't see all the fuss about this game.It's not like any other Call of Duty, the gameplay evolved, the weapons evolved, the movement evolved, everything evolved and so you have to evolve yourself as well. If you think this game is just like any other Call of Duty, then you should not buy it. I only bought it because I knew this game would be different, and it really is.I haven't played any Call of Duty game since Black Ops, since I lost all interest in the CoD franchise back then. But when I had seen the trailer of Advanced Warfare, I thought about giving the CoD franchise one last chance. And they grabbed it with this game. It's probably my last CoD game I ever buy though, since I doubt I'll play another CoD game except this one 'and CoD 4 Modern Warfare).Haven't played the singeplayer yet, but I love the multiplayer.Graphics are great, gameplay is great.Servers can sometimes be an issue, but it's not that much of a problem if you have a good connection or a good build.I'm really satisfied and happy with my purchase."
76561197971170434,Recommended,209650,12927389,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,zed,NEED Dedicated Servers ASAP
76561198161190009,Recommended,209650,13020016,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,mr slumped,Not sure why there are so many bad reviews.. I absolutely love this game. Gameplay is super fun that doesn't get boring (93 hours on multiplayer)
,Recommended,209650,12830055,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Spidey,"If your computer can run it, this game is awesome. It's so fast with the exo-boost that you can do. But if you need a single reason to get the game, I would give you one word: Uplink. Uplink is like the best game mode ever. It's basically basketball, rugby, and Quidditch COMBINED. Plus you get to KILL your enemies instead of just shoving or punching them or whatever.Anyways... GET THE GAME!"
76561198022046143,Recommended,209650,12800616,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Preacher,its not like cod  Ghosts they really worked this time! A+ 10/10
76561198015539991,Recommended,209650,12839863,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ragnar,"More better than any previous series, except for first modern warfare ;).Enjoyable single campaign, with great actors perfomance and brain-breaking plot.Thats all good for single.But, multiplayer is somehow broken because of server abnormal behaviour. May spend half-day to wait for appropriate game to play. So, for now, it may be the reason to delay friends-scirmish fun till better times.Overall, it is a good game, one of the best among whole series, but with somehow ""troublesome"" network play.7 out of 10"
76561198055975883,Recommended,209650,12849207,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,...F-D-A...TwoTone,"I recomend this game as I am a cod fan BUT im disapointed with this one, I thout this one was going to be diffrent its mostly the same as the rest the maps are to small their needs to be some bigger maps, Ive had this game for afew says now and im bourd of it, Not every one liks to run and gun spray and pray some of us like to snipe in the shaddows as wel, please please please bigger maps other wis i will get fed up with cod stick with Tytonfall and origin, sory about the spelling not all of us are perficked."
,Recommended,209650,13050690,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,asfuk,Good But Too Many Bad Hosts
,Recommended,209650,12851242,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Reaper Main BTW,Press F to pay respect
76561198051671677,Recommended,209650,12844115,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cat,"Fast paced, Fun, great looks"
76561197985315581,Recommended,209650,12803334,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Toohax,"A Celebration of WarCampaign ReviewI have serious misgivings about the realistic war shooter genre.  Sometimes the idea of it makes my stomach upset: the idea of immersion in and glorification of mass, strategic murder.  The substantial connection between the industrial war machine, its parlance and this media experience warrants criticism.  This immersion activity has a storied place in western culture and various war films, books, games alike explore the topic with lenses ranging from critical to patriotic.  So far, I can't tell where Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare falls on this spectrum.  One thing in all of this is for sure- we're perverted voyeurs.Four hours in COD: AW is a beautiful and thrilling experience.  The graphical technology on display, the choreography of action sequences, and the sheer shock of surgical violence is breathtaking and horrifying.  The game controls like an expensive sports car: buttery smooth.  The highway sequence.  Are you kidding me? It's an interactive roller coaster ride that doesn't give two flying fun boats about your clean underwear.The futuristic yet familiar weapon technology is dark and sexy.  Drones, SMGs, ARs, RPGs, contacts, flanks, CMDs: it's all there on steroidsThese are my initial thoughts and I'll continue them as I work my way through the campaign.http://www.twitch.tv/toohax"
,Recommended,209650,12810904,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sh0kGamingHD,"Okay... well. Time for a review of the SP and MPSingleplayer: It is (for me) action packed, it does seem kind of like it is rushing you, but it gets more intense as you go along, and at the end... well... no spoilers. But I would give the SP a 9/10, only because the majority use of the Specialist exo-suit is a constant pain in the (big booty hoe).Multiplayer: I have to say, it is the best MP I have played in a CoD game in absolutely ages! The boosting around with the suits makes the experience so much more enjoyable, because you don't know what people will do with the movement.OVERALL SCORE: 9.5/10 for the excellence of the game. Gotta say... I bought the Digital Pro, and I have had no problems playing the game at all. Very well optimized for my system, maybe not for others but hey.. still a great game nonetheless.Get it. IMHO it is worth it."
76561198089872162,Recommended,209650,13012665,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,The Upset Slav,Great game single player is phenomenal and the story sucks you in really fast.Multiplayer on the other hand can use some work... its good and i enjoy it but some thing just frustrate me like whenever i start a match on certain maps like Instinct or Riot i lag for the first 30 seconds of the match but after that the game runs smooth for me.another thing is that the weapons could use some tweaking im talking about the sac3 and the em1 laser gun both weapons are op and in the right hands can just decimate an entire team within seconds unless the team knows what their doing.hit detection could use some improvement too i find my self spraying at an enemy for too long and my crosshair is directly placed over them and they dont take damage.also dedicated servers could be placed within the game.alot of these issues can be fixed with patches so im hoping they release these patches soonoverall the game isnt bad and i enjoy it when it works and  no problems arise8.5/10 for me.
,Recommended,209650,12814759,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,acsdog,"I know I don't have much playtime, so take my review for what it's worth. I droppped CoD about a year ago when I sold my Xbox 360, and haven't touched it since. Haven't evenwatcheda full match of Ghosts. I mostly play ArmA 3, which is so far from CoD that the only similarity between the two is guns.So why did I buy AW?I simply wanted a fast-paced shooter that I can play while jacked on dew at 12am. And this is just that.All the reviews saying ""LAGGG"" and ""Broken"" are exaggerations. Now, as you know, I have no reason to defend CoD, ask any ArmA player what they think of the game and you're sure to get some...colorful...responses. But this game is working quite well. No lag that I noticed in the few games I played online. I am starting to think all the people getting lag have, I don't know, maybe...bad internet? No, can't possibly be THEIR fault, it's ovbiously the broken game..As for the complaints of graphical errors, go to /r/pcmasterrace for some fixes, or /r/codaw (the fix thread is at the top right now). There are a few fixes. As you all know, this is a game meant for console peasants that is pretty much ported to PC, so of course there will be some issues. Just follow the advice over there and you'll find that this is a good-looking shooter that doesn't deserve the hate it recieves.So, what's the verdict?If you are a hardcore CoD fan and you buy every title every year, there is no reason to not get this game. If you are on the fence (like I was), wait a few weeks (or until christmas when the new wave of noobs come along) and maybe there will be some fixes. For me at least, there was about 30 minutes of tweaking the settings to my satisfaction and the rest was me actually enjoying the game."
76561198079316120,Recommended,209650,12811693,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,cxrayrayxc,awsome game just wouldnt call it cod
,Recommended,209650,12819046,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,- Sr. ShiT -,"The multiplayer is booring like ever, but the singleplayer (This time) is awesome!"
76561198124799883,Recommended,209650,14566518,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mr.Tuts,met a 12 years old. told me to jerk off with tacos. 10/10 BEST GAME EVA
,Recommended,209650,12929938,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[CHLN] luci4ngel ⛨,"Fast paced arcade style shooter with a plethora of compatibility issues.However still not the worst COD port... I suppose.What did you expect, its COD.If you play PC because you like the better graphics, (insert more PC master race stuff here), you should seriously reconsider buying this game (on PC at least).If you love COD for what it is and don't mind buggy glitchy gameplay,Im sure you wont be let down.I had and will continue to have fun with the latest installment in the series.7/10 Lag comp kills"
76561198036322955,Recommended,209650,12886390,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TwiSted,"The campaign for this game is amazing, the multiplayer is also amazing 10/10, don't get me wrong the game has had some ups and downs with bugs and glitches but what game runs 100% smooth on its first day of release? they dont have dedicated servers so what!? ive had ZERO connection issues so i can't complain, maybe to the people that are having issues could do with a internet upgrade, simple!Sledgehammer have delivered a fresh, exciting game don't miss out guys & gals"
76561198046252931,Recommended,209650,12910336,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Baked Potato,"Been playing non-stop for a few days now, pleasantly surprised. Haven't had ANY problems with cheaters or lag.The exo-powers just add an - exceedingly fun - angle to the same COD I've been enjoying for years.The only thing it's missing is theatre mode, dedicated servers would be nice too. =)"
76561197997302961,Recommended,209650,12823964,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Not2toast3D,reminds me of crysis with just as stellar graphics... For COD franchise its new and groundbreaking...OTHERWISE its been done before!!!
76561198083782164,Recommended,209650,12826339,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,source∆ermy,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is awe just fix matchmaking and menu crashes 10/10
76561198130847687,Recommended,209650,12836582,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,dwgundam,ALOT of people say this game crahses but I have no problems the game is very fun and runs pretty smooth if it works for you this game really redeems COD after that horrible incedent *cough chough ghosts cough cough*  plus remember its the first week the will most likley patch it be glad this isnt SONIC 06 bad wich I actuallt enjoyed but admit was broken
,Not Recommended,209650,12856036,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,alika,they better patch this game cuz multiplayer is practically unplayable.
76561198018978622,Recommended,209650,12836608,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,inocennt,One Of The Best CoD <333333333333333
76561198080974635,Recommended,209650,12865035,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dark One,I wasn't looking forward to yet another call of duty after black ops 2 but I must tell you this game is awesome! they really put some effort into this one so I reccomend you buy :)
,Recommended,209650,12830192,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,THE WATER IS GONNA KILL YOU,"NOTE: This is a multiplayer review. So I've played quite a bit of the game (3 hours), and while it is great, it does have some glaring flaws.PROS:-Double jump and boosting forward is a ton of fun-Guns feel evenly balanced, no gun seems to notably outperform another-Even the guns that aren't super good, are fun to use (the lazer gun for example)-Fast-paced, action packed gameplay-Kill-streaks aren't as big of importance anymore, they don't seem to bother me nearly as much and aren't nearly as common-Health system feels like a hybrid of Black Ops 2 and Ghosts (which in a game with double jumps, you almost want a Ghosts health system)-FOV slider at launch-Optimization is much better than previous call of duty games-Good graphics-Has a paintball effect option which shoots out yellow paintballs (Does bullet damage of course) which helps you see your aim and is just in general fun to use and as zero downsides-Has firing range you can access while in pre-game lobby to pass intermission timeCONS:-Map design feels poor and sometimes doesn't feel as if designed for exo movement and buildings tend to have too many entrances which leads to having an enemy in front of you, above you, behind you, and to your side 24/7-Every time you exo move you appear on the minimap unless you have a perk to counter-act it, which makes you very vulnerable on the minimap-Hit detection can be spotty at times-You unlock some of the best guns early on which removes the joy of grinding up your levels to get better guns and joy of unlocking those better guns because you start out with the best guns the second you load up the game-FOV is only 65-90 degrees-Strafing has deemed itself near useless in my book and extremely hard to do in midst of a battle-Some gunner ship like kill-streaks are extremely easy to use and give infantry on the ground no warning that their about to dieMy specs, settings, and FPS:AMD FX-8300 @ 3.3 GhzGTX 760 2GB12GB RAMSettings: maxed out @ 1080PAverage FPS: 90I personally would say the game is worth your while and hard earned money, but that's up for you to decide."
76561198032827131,Recommended,209650,12833536,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BulbaBlunt,"Pros: Lots of innovative ideasPretty solid pc portMultiplayer is fun and feels well balancedCons: Really long loading screensMore quicktime events than bullets firedOverall pretty good, best CoD in years"
,Recommended,209650,12833994,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hyybrid,"Really great graphics and a great new engine. Has some rough edges but I'm sure they will be systematically patched out. SP campaign is short and bland, but at least it's pretty. MP mode is fantastic. It's like a seamless blend of Crysis with CoD. All the suit powers from Crysis (and a couple borrowed fron Unreal Tournament), but actually implemented properly for fast and responsive gameplay. Gameplay is manic and highly tactical in addition to looking pretty incredible. Have not been a fan of CoD (aside from Black Ops 1), but this one is officially a FPS worth owning."
,Recommended,209650,12964338,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Vanta Black,"Goooooood golly, I love this installment of Call of Duty. The multiplayer is amazing. The customization and loot drops are awesome and keep you hooked. The fights are fast and frenzied. I LOVE this game."
,Recommended,209650,12811952,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bustin,"Not usually a fan of COD series, but I figured since they're doing something new with advanced warfare, I might as well give it a try. And as someone, who generally disliked COD I have to say I am very impressed. Singleplayer runs incredibly well and manages to look not half bad while doing it, gameplay is rock solid, graphics are pretty impressive. My only complaint is that the 10 year old engine still has to reload the whole scene when you change any video setting. Multiplayer is basically what you would expect from COD, simple yet incredibly fun, especially with addition of exo suits. Overall, very good game, and if you're thinking about picking up any COD game, make it this one."
,Recommended,209650,12807592,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Peanut,"You know what? This one isn't that bad. Ghosts sucked real bad, we know, but this one is the light that CoD has been waiting for for so many years. The graphics are not bad. The single player campaign is fun. The plot is not complete garbage, it's pretty good. The multiplayer, the main selling point for CoD, is also good, but has some pitfalls. The new jumping mechanics make multiplayer just so fast pace - it's a lot of fun. The map design on most of the maps is stellar. It is a very very fast paced multiplayer which actually requires some skill. The biggest pitfall is the connection - god at times it can suck. Where are those dedicated servers we have all been hoping for? I'm hoping these issues will be ironed out as the game just came out, but it can be rather annoying. Fix the multiplayer and you have one of the best CoD's to date (Nothing will beat MW1!!)"
,Recommended,209650,12803863,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jim James,"Call of Duty: Ghosts was a let down. A HUGE let down. I expected a lot from the ""next-gen"" graphics and the infinity ward company that has its name a couple of the best CODs ever. But, that was not to be. The PC port was horrendous and the gameplay was downright clunky. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, is a different story. Unlike some reviewers, I find the PC port to be very nice. There is a gambit of options for graphics, controls, and basically anything else you would like. The game is optimized fairly well for now (I do encounter dips into the 30s that disrupt gameplay a bit), and the game does offer an fov slider (this is absent in the campaign, though). The biggest con of this game, though, is the multiplayer servers. The game is based off of p2p servers, and dedicated servers are entirely absent. There were a few times that my game would get stuck on the loading screen of a map, and the game would then kick me a minute or two minutes later. Hopefully they are able to fix this problem with a patch in the future.Singleplayer -Although I have not played through the entire campaign, it has been very nice so far. The inclusion of Kevin Spacey is great and I hope it continues with the series. The only problem for me, is the syncing of the voices and the mouths of the characters. Another problem is the exclusion of the fov slider on the campaign. Sometimes this makes the gameplay very dizzying. Otherwise, with my AMD 7950 I have been reaching and staying around 60 fps on high settings. I do encounter some dips into the 40s, but nothing that interrupts my gameplay.Multiplayer -The addition of the exo-suits in Multiplayer is a great evolution of the series. The series needed a kick in the butt, and I feel that the exo-suit did that. The gameplay is fast-paced and feels nice on the keyboard. I enjoy this tenfold over Ghosts. The sound design is very nice and the options for customization are endless. I have recommended this to many of my friends already.Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,209650,12809123,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Gay,"i like the game because it is good, not because it is call of duty. yay for game, i dont care about the title. people are dogging on this game only because of the title. we all need to smoke some weed and calm our♥♥♥♥♥♥and play some games. this is just a good game that is worth buying because it is good. screw the name. if the name was ""Butt sex the anal retribution"" i'd still play it cause it looked like a good game."
,Recommended,209650,12867436,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,C4Gamer,It Fun I love the Story For Me Is One Of The Best Story in COD yet i give it a 8.5/10 well the 1.5 Is just lack of drama if u ask me but what do i know this is just what i think of it xD and the Multiplayer is kinda fast but i only have to say this Titianfall DLC xD (don't rage :D) Out all it fun crazy moments xD
76561198046271246,Recommended,209650,13076354,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,nabilghali2006,Best COD i ever played
,Recommended,209650,12985682,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Rockit14,"I really love the game and all the new things that the Call of Duty Franchise has to offer but, there are some problems.SPAWNINGSome spawns in this game are completely stupid. When you die and spawn next to the enemies flag in a capture the flag game it is completely stupid. Also when you play freeforall and you spawn in between 2 people and you just die within 1 sec of playing a match, it ruins the point of the game.SERVERS ""DEDICATED""I dont know what they mean by ""Dedicated"" servers but, the servers that they have constantly crash and on some maps just lag you out of a game no matter how great your computer is. They also sometimes kick you for no reason for long errors that are inpossible to read.EXO SUITESThe exo suites are a great addition to the game with some draw backs, the draw backs are that 90% of the exo abilities are not that helpful at all. Something that can make it so enemies can't hear your foot steps for 10sec is not worth it because YOU CAN'T ACTUALLY HEAR THE FOOTSTEPS IN THIS GAME!1 MONTH DELAY ON DLC'sThis is something that can't be changed but, I am sure many of the pc players are mad about. If you do not have an Xbox One then you will automatically get every dlc for the game 1 month late. This makes it impossible for YouTubers (like myself) to bring new content to my viewers. This also makes it so that many of the players that may not be able to aford a brand new Xbox can't play anything new that comes out.CAMPAIGNThe campaign was an ""OK"" campaign. By this I mean the campaign was an alright kind of thing but, it was the same exact kind of layout of any call of duty campaign. There is 1 bad guy, he rules the world. You kill the bad guy. Then a cheesy ending to the game that shows that there will be another one. This is more of a Call of Duty problem then a Sledgehammer game problem. But, i feel that they need to maybe make the game a little bit more.... different.EXO SURVIVALI have been playing this game since the second it came out (Literaly), and there Exo Survival that is there co-op mode is.... lack of a better word.... Sh**. By this I mean that it is the exact same thing as the Survival mode in MW3 but, it is even worse. There is no leveling up, that gives you an objective to actually playing the game. It is not new player friendly. It is extremely hard even on the easy difficulty. The AI's constantly shoot you through walls and you go down for stupid reasons.MULTIPLAYER - GUNSThe Multiplayer is a great thing in this game, and I love to play it alot but, as now that I have said this. The game is not balanced at all. There is about 3 guns that are way, WAY, WAYYY, to over powered. For one is the lazer. Since this game was originally built for consoles. They have not made any tweaks to the pc version. I am usually a console player and usually most of the guns are balanced because they are made for a controller and your sensitivity and mobility is different then someone that is using a mouse and a keyboard. When you are shooting or moving your mouse and keyboard it is by far different mechanics then a controller. This makes it so with the lazer you can shoot people at any distance, and kill them by, just touching them with a lazer. The first game I played I used the lazer and I went 64-2 in a teamdeath match game. For anyone that plays teamdeath match in older call of duty's you know that not even people that are the best players on call of duty can do this in any old call of duty let alone a normal player that plays when he feels like it for fun.MULTIPLAYER - MAPSI understand that the maps are built for exo movements and they have definately knocked that out of the park, but, one thing is that all the maps are way to open. In past call of duty's some maps were wide open while others were not. This aloud people that are snipers for instence to be able to pick people off at a long range. With these maps you will be lucky to stay alive as a sniper from a far away distance because you have nothing to hide behind, nothing to blend in with, and no cover at all.I would like to say that I made this review to show the flaws of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. This meaning that the game is overall a great game but, I made this review to have SledgeHammer and Call of Duty make some changes. To all thoughs that know me, they will know that next year I will not be getting Call of Duty for PC because of all of these flaws, I will definately be getting this game for the Xbox One because I am now forced to do so....If I were able to give this game an overall rateing I would give it a 6/10."
,Not Recommended,209650,26653120,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TCG,Worst Call of Duty besides Modern Warfare 2
,Recommended,209650,12946409,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,.tv/iLLaVenom,"10 Hours of multiplayer today to test these claims. Not a single stutter. Full buttons ultra everything. Game runs super smooth. Gameplay itself is great. New additions are nic,e but all the new aspects of the game are borrowed from older games like tribes,battlefield and command and conquer FPS. But still new features to CoD so it all works decent enough. Still better than ghosts. 3.8 out of 5.0-intel core i7 3820 @3.6 GHz overclocked to 4.00GHz , 32GB RAM , EVGA Superclocked GTX780 overclocked, windows 7 64 bit pro, 50Mbps cable"
76561197969522404,Recommended,209650,12852414,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Ravenous,Call of Duty: Advanced Lagfare
76561198122598829,Recommended,209650,13031629,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[NL] Heineken,fast game playand again security failure by steam ----> still hackers/cheaters gameplay possible
,Recommended,209650,14767905,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ajcool,I honestly like this game and i think they took a step in the right direction with it.I JUST HATE THE ♥♥♥♥ING LASERS LOL
76561198016284576,Recommended,209650,13283230,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,zooro ♛,not call of duty ghosts and not call of duty black ops
76561198055463932,Recommended,209650,12817800,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,MonsterCat,pew pew pew
,Recommended,209650,12817025,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,TheAmazingLeech,"The fact that reviewers are telling folks to not buy this game just over the fact that we don't have dedicated servers is a little bit of a bummer. The game is still playable, and the lag is not as bad as it often seems. Generally, so far, those who have slower connections lag out really quickly. The player base that is still playing doesn't seem to mind.I would like to start that I am no hardcore call of duty fan. I just was given Black Ops 2 on my Wii U and barely play it other than to smash bots when I'm bored, and I bought MW2 for the co-op missions mostly. Besides those games I have taken the time to play most of the other COD titles just to see what the story was up to and be able to sell these in a video game retailer I work for. For the most part I was never impressed.Come along to this, I figured to just buy it, and see how I feel. I had some spare cash. I can honestly say it was worth the purchase for me. The campaigns basic structure for story is nothing new. Big powerful guy above your operator turns out to be shadey and blah blah blah you make friends and shoot people. But the gadgets, level design, and awesome gameplay make it so worth it to put it through. Plus Kevin Spacey. Also, the guy who you play as is that dude that chicksn are drooling over now from the Driver movie. He just can't grow facial hair to save his life.Going into the multiplayer, looking past the P2P online (which I hope they fix eventually along with NERFING the laser weapons), they modify some of the items from campaign to balance out the gameplay. You don't get smart grenades anymore, which I think would be hard to use fully in the fast paced environment, but they still include the grenades they can become. Threat grenades are so usefull in crowded areas. The EXO suits jumping and dashing cabalilites make you explore new parts of maps that COD games could have never had before and you must think less linear in your gameplay (which all the console kids are hating Because it's ""too hard!"") just play Titan fall for a few hours, kids, you'll get used to it.If you're willing to not thinking completely COD with the multiplayer and break up your gameplay just a little bit, you'll find a fun time waster that is enjoyable in every portion, and will be better if and when they fix what needs to be fixed.It's worth the buy if youre a fan or if youre looking for a shooter to kill time with.8.5/10P.S. Oh, beware, the download file is HUGEEEEEEEEEE. I am wondering how much uncompressed audio and lighting files they had in there."
76561198031334911,Recommended,209650,12819895,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,AMRABLACK,"I can't stand anymore that the bad quality of the env's texture and un-interactive physical objects. Most of them sits around you like sticker. I havent got a very expensive gpu and dont think, so it must be playable for average system.Get some help from crytek engine.Story needs an oscar, very superior, but short.I ♥ COD"
,Recommended,209650,12937995,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,nuFF3 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Honestly, its not a bad game at all.The singleplayer campaign is around 7-10 hours long, depending on the players skill level.Kevin Spacey is playing his role pretty good, along with the other cast as well.The game looks nice, with many reflective surfaces, good texture quality, awesome lighting effects, one of the best and most filmic depth of field I have ever seen. And the whole aesthetic feel is just great in general.The multiplayer is a fast paced, fun arcady shooter with a lot of emphasis on movement and verticality.The maps are designed in a way that compliments the new movement system, with boost jumps, dashes and groundslams.The game is giving me a vibe of Unreal Tournament, or any other arcady arena shooter from the 90s and early 2000s.The upgrade system is like the system used in Black Ops, you have slots in your ""inventory"" that you can fill with weapons, grenades, perks, score streaks etc. 13 slots to fill and its more than enough.However, unlocking attachements for weapons are done individually for each gun. So if you want the same holosight on another gun, you'll just have to play more with that gun then. The attachements are mostly unlocked by kills, and they're not that hard to unlock, since you unlock them by playing the game (which is good).Another interesting thing is loot. By playing the game you might get supply drops, or crates if you will. These give you special takes on a cetrain weapon, say damage buff but lower accuracy. They also give you different outfits as well.Theres also a wave based Co-op multiplayer mode, and its great fun playing with friends. You'll take on several waves of incoming AI opponents, basic grunts, ASTs (bigger, slower, tougher opponents), drones and more. You start off with a simple loadout, and you upgrade your abilities as you play. These upgrades are only per game.The whole multiplayer experiance is best played with friends.I hope the multiplayer part gets dedicated servers, many times through out my playtime I have noticed lag and dropouts because the host left the game. This was the factor that made the previous game, Ghosts, most unenjoyable. Though when the match is not lagging or kicking you out; its great fun. The new movements help staying alive longer than previous COD titles, inturn making it more enjoyable.It's definitely worth buying, full price. And if it's on sale, do not even hesitate.Note#01I should probably comment on the optimization and performance.I sport the following specs:Intel Core I7 970 6 core @3.2Ghz8Gb of ramNvidia Geforce GTX 670 2GbInstalled on a regular harddrive (7200rpm), loadtimes are not long at all, unless you have the preload option on. Textures do stream in fairly slowly, but the performance stays at 60fps.I have not encountered any game breaking bugs or stuttering issues. For the most part its a pretty damn good port. All the options that should be there are here.Some comment on that the game won't go any higher than 90hz, but thats not a big problem.I don't know how well the game performs with AMD rigs, but from what I could gather the game runs best on Nvidia rigs."
,Not Recommended,209650,12841666,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Johnathon,"I feel like this story was made by Michael Bay. Too many explosions.but overall it was a good change of pace. Then again, the way you kill Irons is a bit like Modern Warfare 3."
,Recommended,209650,13022839,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Rock,"If you like first person shooter, or just shooters in general, this game is for you, fast paced, tons of combinations for your kits. LOVE IT!!! 10/10 Would recomend!"
76561198065692637,Recommended,209650,12817443,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mikhail,Nice game nice story mode nice multiplayer but i hope they fix this sh*tty Server :(
,Recommended,209650,12811637,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/bo_om_tv/,Fooking BEAST GAME!!!!!!!!!!!:D
76561198076554081,Recommended,209650,14567821,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ZMAN831,good game but lots of crashing 7/10
,Recommended,209650,14568269,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,classified,Great if other people played for ♥♥♥♥ sake
76561198097039304,Recommended,209650,12814505,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,II MOPAR II,good
,Recommended,209650,12815149,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Random.Guy,"The campaign was excellent, lasted the expected 8 hours of game play, was mostly boots on the ground action, but still had enough time to do the hoverbike/tank/plane cut scenes pretty much exactly as MW1/MW2 did it. I hated ghosts because it had you do so many things you would never see again in the game, CODAW is not like ghosts at all, it's very fun and enjoyable, and they have an intro to multiplayer I messed around with, it uses real people while your training but names them ""enemie"" and ""friendly"" and disables communication... Which I really enjoy, I've never liked running behind my team mate ""TUrD_BuRgLeR""I'm not certain on the normal multiplayer yet, I haven't logged enough hours, but just based on the campaign I believe this game is worth 60 bucks.TL;DRHIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,209650,12912804,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,General Prime,"Great game , good graphics , good singleplayer and great multiplayer i do recomand this game, i love it :) But if you have a crappy computer like people who downrate this game then dont buy it."
,Recommended,209650,12828424,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,OB,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Sledgehammer actually managed to pull it off.
76561197989215315,Not Recommended,209650,12826613,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,wefty,One WordLAG
76561198014421576,Recommended,209650,12833490,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,dare,have 2 say the best game 2 date the graphics are sweet   exellecnt game mulitplay abit sht but wood give the campian 8/10 ......hope u like it... it wood be sweet if ........ U COULD BUY DOUBLE XP AT ANY TIME OF THE GAME....LIKE....and zombies are sick asss love fkn killing them
,Recommended,209650,13078616,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Magnivilator,"An amazing change in this franchise.Love this game so much, BIG RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,209650,12824861,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Xealyth,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing aight.
76561198060792810,Recommended,209650,12823564,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sp0ut  #3W in a row,full of couille actually emblem creator is funnier than the actual gameplay itself ! but yeah 13 out of 9 props gg
,Recommended,209650,13527522,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,It'sADankSetup / dynhost.uk,Direct3DDevice::Present Failed: (error 0x887a0005)
,Recommended,209650,13147857,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Krazer,"I've pretty much bought all of the CODs thinking everytime that all the people buying it couldn't be wrong... and they were.  Except for the first Black Ops game, I haven't really enjoyed any of the CODs since the first Modern Warfare (COD4).  This COD actually changes up the play style with the futuristic movements and gadgets plus gives you that great shooter feel with all of the weapons.  Definitely the best COD in years to come out in my opinion.  The only gripe I have as a PC gamer is that these idiots that develop the game won't make dedicated servers...  They continue to stick to the CODMW2/console style matchmaking where it just puts you on a random person's PC for the match like consoles do so not all games play that well since you're relying on other people's connections for your gaming performance.  Terrible decision in my opinion and COD isn't the same without dedicated servers.  They just love their console gamers too much..."
,Recommended,209650,12826287,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Nostromo,This is the game that brought me back into the franchise. Loving it so far.
,Recommended,209650,12962392,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ecks Dee,"What really sets this game apart from the other titles is the grenade AI, throwing grenades and watchng them fly, I never knew gaming would go so far10/10 best car door ripping simulator 2420"
,Recommended,209650,12978379,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sawn,You can put on a gimp mask 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,209650,12834638,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,NoFace01,Great game Great story Good graphicทุกๆอย่างที่เคยเห็นทุกๆอย่างที่เคยเป็นทุกๆอย่างมันเปลี่ยนไป ไม่ว่าจะเนื้อเรื่องที่ยาวขึ้นมาก ระบบอัพเกรดตัวละคร ตอนจบ chapter ภาพที่สวยขึ้นจนนึกว่าคนจริงแสดง(เฉพาะ cutscene นะ) หรือแม้กระทั้ง เสียงตัวละครและหน้าตาตัวละครที่เราสวมบทบาทเล่นอยู่ก็ตาม ปกติแล้ว ภาคก่อนๆเราจะไม่ได้เห็นหน้าตาและเสียงตัวละครที่เราเล่นนั้นพูดเลย แต่ภาคนี้ไม่ เราเห็น เราได้ยิน ประทับใจมาก very impressive ส่วน multiplayer อาจจะไม่มีไรมาก อาจจะมีลูกเล่นใหม่มากขึ้น การเล่นผาดโผนมากขึ้น และระบบ customize ในการแต่งปืนและตัวละครที่มากขึ้น
,Not Recommended,209650,12835973,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Repairman Jack Bauer,"Crysis Series.TitanFall.Batman Arkham series.Any number of stealth games.There are elements of these games in Advanced Warfare.   And that is not a good thing.  In all these cases the previous game did it better.  It felt fresher.I am not expecting a game today to be 100% original.  These days that is akin to expecting to marry a 35 year old virgin.  But the Call of Duty franchise has a feel to it, whether you are a fan or not, that is mostly absent from this game.   You did not confuse CoD games with Battlefield, Halo or Killzone; they had their own identity.  That identity has gotten blurrier and blurrier since the first Black Ops game.  Black Ops II and Ghosts did nothing to forward the franchise but what is worse is that they sent the franchise BACK.That trend continues with Advanced Warfare.Ironically this game plays like a group of gamers got together and had the ""what if I could take the best part of such-and-such game"" talk.  You would think that might result in a game that is at least good, yet the end result is extremely bland.   You recognize mechanics from other games and cannot help comparing them to said games.  Plot twists are very predictable.  Graphics are good.  I am not sure how next-gen they are but to be fair, I am playing the game at 1900*1200.  My computer's video settings are set to High, not Extra.The stuttering at the load screens is inexcusable.  I went through the updating of drivers and applying fixes I find online but the problem persists.  Another symptom of this is that the voices fall out of sync with the videos on the screen.  I am not the only one affected by this judging the posts I see online.  Since you cannot skip load screens this is doubly offensive.The game also regressed in that it seems to have returned to repeatedly spawning bad guys.  Where there should be ten, twenty-five show up.  Most guns feel underpowered and the grenade system is outright ridiculous.I could write another five paragraphs about how bad multiplayer is alone but I will not.TL;DR: it's crap.  Boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,209650,12829016,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,IIIJAYCEEIII,The kick in the♥♥♥♥♥the frachise needed. Great Multiplayer and SP.
76561198053671615,Recommended,209650,12823112,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ThatGuy,"LOL people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about no dedicated servers XD. This is Call of Duty, there are no dedicated servers. But that deos not mean the matchmaking is bad. In fact it is very good. I have been playing on WiFi across my house on a 12 / 1.5 Mbtps internet connection and have had no connection drops and no hit detection problems."
,Recommended,209650,12826920,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Joey,"It's a good game, but it need to has a dedicated server. The single player mode story is pretty awesome also. Multiplayer also really fun, but like i said, it needs a better server, and less lag."
,Recommended,209650,12827232,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,{ ALI },GG
,Recommended,209650,13041629,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Hotstream,"Amazing game, online can be hard to play, and other player always get the 'jump' on you, luckly there is classic mode, without the jumping so you are not playing with a gang of Frogs, the maps are hard to use a sniper on, unless you use Acog.But the campaign is great and the graphics are perfect."
,Recommended,209650,13003393,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,колони + wifi ;/,amazing mp !!! so much fun
76561198082659889,Recommended,209650,15591738,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ELSINORE13,PURE GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198399507425,Not Recommended,209650,34011986,Posted: 4 August,all,luka GAMER,i cant cant play multiplayer in this game! why did you not warn us that this game has a problem in multiplayer?!!
76561198069242700,Recommended,209650,13081795,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,BudaSan,This game is awesome! All the element in this games is impressive a hope they can bring more games like this with a little bit of enhancements in the story!!!
76561198066971205,Recommended,209650,13166283,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ulysses S. Grant,"Cod Advanced Warfare is a much better game than it was just after launch. Numerous updates and optimizations have definitely fixed a lot of lag issues in the multiplayer, and it has succesfully refreshed the franchise in my opinion as a long time CoD fan. The last three gtames had dissapointed me greatly, but this has brought back the magic."
,Recommended,209650,13120932,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,aljssari,بطله اللعبه
,Recommended,209650,13115912,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,tbone6sic6,"Better than ghost, hands down!"
,Recommended,209650,12818026,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,CharlesCK,"This game is really good, but the story is kind of old style, When I just play the first chapter, i already can predict who is the final boss and the end of story. I the main point of this game is the online game mode. I hope in next COD the story will be more creative, not just the hero protect and defect the boss."
76561198022706301,Recommended,209650,12809781,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,joeytman,"This game is getting a ♥♥♥♥ ton of hate. It ultimately doesn't deserve it. This is probably the best call of duty game in the past five years. Sure, its not revolutionary, sure its not the best game ever. But, who expected it to be? The game is fun. $60 really isn'tthaaaaaatmuch money, and its a good time. People just hate it because its a cod game."
76561198052376321,Recommended,209650,12811857,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bepo,"I was killed by a flood in one of the maps, this is what I'm talking about people. The next generation of games is here! FLOODS. 420/911 Would play again and most likely will."
,Not Recommended,209650,12809605,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Calzone,"12 player mp, what a waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money."
,Not Recommended,209650,35427347,Posted: 2 October,all,Samzillard,There is only one thing you need to know when buying this game...It is a complete waste of money.Trust me this is helpful.
,Recommended,209650,13004138,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,-| M F |-,It came out direct X encountered an recoverable error !!!!i CAN'T PLAY AT ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it came out directX encountered and unrecoverable problem !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My computer are able to play this game  and i have read through the guide line.
76561198012283702,Recommended,209650,13004806,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Bob,"Short, but one of the better CODs I've played in a while. Liked better than Ghosts. However, Multiplayer currently is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ due to the fact that the promised dedicated servers are NOT HERE YET. I also might be biased about this game because Kevin Spacey is a badass."
76561198096935050,Recommended,209650,12953410,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,noob noob,yes itd the best cod iv ever played
,Recommended,209650,13601557,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DocVice,Very good game overall. If you like black ops 2 then you will like advanced warfare. It isn't like any other Call Of Duty.
,Recommended,209650,13015953,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Daggers21,"Honestly, one of the best Call of Duty's in recent memory.At least it's playable! Unlike other games that have come out recently"
76561198070767802,Recommended,209650,12833249,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Wubby,yay
76561198061726889,Not Recommended,209650,13809322,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,nub² / get serious,Schlecht
,Recommended,209650,12854104,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Scout Master,It's fun
76561198013242025,Recommended,209650,12856973,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sarkastik Killah,This♥♥♥♥♥♥feels like Quake
,Recommended,209650,12856853,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ZaGousutosu,"When it comes to the singleplayer: it's still the same standard affair that you know and love (and hate). Multiplayer is definitely interesting with the verticality and the usage of the exo suits but apart from that it is still the same.This time the PC version is quite playable and it isn't the failure that is Ghosts to which COD jumped the shark last year.To sum this release up: It is like injecting adrenaline (or epinephrine to be precise) into a dying horse while you're still beating it to death.In other words, while the introduction of the exo suits and the verticality mechanics that come with it attempt to inject life into the franchise and rejuvenate it, the fact that it's on its 11th release and still sticking with tried and true methods and techniques shows that COD is really dying and needs to be put on the back burner like MOH.But I would still get it now if just for the heck of it!"
76561198000304536,Recommended,209650,12857250,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,lorak1471,buy it on ps4 or xbox one pc starting to fill with cheater good game though but dont waste time on pc version
76561198107385913,Not Recommended,209650,13112851,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LoanWolf69,This is the worst game ever dont get it the servers for multiplayer are trash the screen goes BLACK in campian mode and i hate it.
,Not Recommended,209650,13083954,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Snow,"Out of all the CoDs this has to be the worst. I know what you're going to say, ""but what about CoD ghosts?"" CoD Ghosts really wasn't a bad game. It was like Black Ops 1 but a bit better. Black Ops 1 had dedicated servers, good guns, perks (besides ghost, maybe if they nerfed it like Black Ops 2 but still), and balance. GHOSTS, Good Guns, perks were actually REALLY good, hit detection was amazing (everyone complained about dieing so fast, it was just good hit detection.) and kill streaks and everything were good. The maps were a bit bad, but if you chose the right ones, it could be a good game. And besides the optimization. Then, we have Call Of Duty: Advanced Bunny Hop Simulator 2015. This game is absolutly horrible! I played my first few games doing bad, KNOWING I was going to do bad, because it was my first few times playing. Then I played a little and got a bit better. I just got done with a stream with AW and it was aids. Akimbo deaths, somehow quickscopers on PC, and THE ♥♥♥♥ING BUNNY HOPPING. LIKE OH MY GOD. The only thing I really play is classic, so theres no damn bunny hopping. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. BUY GHOSTS IF YOU HAVE BO2 ALREADY. Rate-1/10. Damn you Sledgehammer. We can only hope for Black ops 3 or something like that."
76561198022736173,Recommended,209650,12844407,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,OnTour,"Let me sum every negative in this review section...IT'S DON'T HAVE DEDICATE SERVER.Yep, That is all the problem this game has, and I am not even joking."
76561198040662170,Not Recommended,209650,12861736,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,uk_HATHOR,Just don't waist your money this is not COD!!!!! This game is just about jumping in the air and has the worst lagg i have seen shots just don't hit or kill its so frustrating....And before you say it's my internet it's really not lots of people are having the same issue.They have tryed to change the game and it's just not worked
,Recommended,209650,12825840,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SaltyHog,"In all honesty it's a step forward for the call of duty franchise, howerver, they desperately NEED dedicated servers. Now I wanted to not recomend this game but I have easily put in 24 hours on the multiplayer already and its just as fun as Modern warfare was for me personally and I hope more people get it on PC so maybe eventually they will get their head out of their asses and give us dedicated servers already. I myself have games that a fairly hit or miss. I can go 5-6 games in a row running everything on extra smooth as butter, then all the sudden we get a bad host and im lagging everytime I go to shoot someone. Its honestly not a big game breaker like most of the people griping are saying, but it is an issue and its been an issue and I think its time for these jerks to step away from kissing up to the infadel consoles and give the PC some attention. Gameplay is the same fast past COD as always but its a little different with the vertical sense and the boosting, it does actually bring a slightly fresh feeling to it. The maps on the other hand, I feel like they may just be a tad too cramped. I would like to see some maps like in Mw and Mw2 again, something like bloc.  I don't know, the maps just don't feel as comfortable when theres less grass then cement, I don't like the symmetry of them as much."
,Not Recommended,209650,19357150,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,FoxoLite,Trys to get refund steam never replys 11/10
,Recommended,209650,13239295,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Duckhunt Doge,"This is solely got the Single Player part of CoD:AW.The cinematics are amazing as is the voice work. The gameplay is fun and the story as always is great in the CoD franchise. The game ran and looked beautifully on full Ultra settings and only issue was the load times, but keeping you immersed was easy with how good the story was. It was a tad short (7 hours) for my liking but was able to finish the campaign in 3 days.If you want a nice SP game, I would totally suggest CoD:AW. If you want a Multiplayer experiance... Well, just stick a fork in your eye cause that would be more fun then Team Deathmatch cause that's the only damn mode anyone plays."
76561198005401267,Recommended,209650,13245864,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,infernomarvel,"I like how PC gamers are constantly calling this game♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yet between my friends with console were calling this the Best Call of Duty in a long time. Id recommend this game as long as you can understand this.1. This is a PC game without dedicated servers (basic gamers dont even know what this is) so I expect to find a laggy host once in awhile2. Dont buy this game thinking your going to see any many people as you do on Xbox, PC gamers mass on different games (There are always matches available in TD)3. Dont buy this game if you have the minimum specs or < 2gb of VIDEO CARD RAM (Vram). I did and had to upgrade in order to recieve better frames. You can actually blame the new gen systems for the increase in requirements on a lot of PC games.If you can follow these rules, youll enjoy the game. Or you can jump on the hate bandwagon without giving the game a chance."
,Recommended,209650,23046137,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Starbuckpph,Short but sweet. Pitty about the bugs. Crashes about four times a session.Get it when its on sale.Still a good shooter.
76561198066745404,Recommended,209650,13244659,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,BoomChu,this is the best because there are no dedicated servers and u get a double jump like smash bros
76561198141934907,Not Recommended,209650,14611464,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,markymark0092,i really hav e to buy zombie mode......... its the whole reason i bought this game.
76561198101449102,Recommended,209650,12879533,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,)simmo(,class
,Recommended,209650,12865160,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Jerry,"As I would love to play this, I can't because my screen is weird, I don't know what to do. It says ""D-SUB Cannot Display Video"" SO I DONT KNOW WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ TO DO"
,Recommended,209650,18104414,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Zone,"Bought the CoD: AW - Gold Edition on the Steam Weekend Sale, only played story mode so far, Graphics seem a lot better than on Console, but only if your PC can handle it. I am yet to try the Multiplayer mode, but I would definitely recommend buying this game!"
,Recommended,209650,14470630,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,SwaggyZ,"Mother ♥♥♥♥in best game of 2015 best graphics, cool maps, and good guns, even good♥♥♥♥♥customizations!!!!!!!"
76561198119528443,Recommended,209650,14761789,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,~SKULL~,"best cod yet,get it,i have and it is amasing"
76561197966881673,Recommended,209650,12803932,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Arty Murphy,"So like the min requirements are relatively low, & recommended not much higher., except a 760 nvidia card which I have two oem 550 ti & 760 gtx as primary.The story line with cinimatagraphy is great quality but actual in game visuals are not matched, as to expect with marketing.Still at current new release retail prices, you get what you pay for.  :-)I'm still at single player to level up on exo so for right now no comments on multiplayer.Also at this time I would like to point out that this package has entertained me enough to continue which does not always happen with new stuff....  :-)  lolArty"
,Recommended,209650,14569039,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Kerr,"the true game for true gamers, master gamers"
76561197985555567,Recommended,209650,12821189,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Graham[IE],"FIRST THOUGHTS..positives:movement and mechanics works welllooks good.. can see enemies not like in ghosts where they blended in to the sceneryNegatives:usual lag issues with COD only BLOPS2 seems to have solved this imhoscorestreaks are really rubbish..pick13 system isnt great either..options are limited to customise your playergun selection ain't great, a lot are just copied from ghosts.. and heavy and shotguns are uselesspistols are uselesslooks and feels very like titanfallcant join games or when i do it either times out or the game ends abrupty.. big issues with the game loby systemchallenges / calling cards etc just copied from previous games..I'll remain positive for a while and hopefully it'll be fixed"
,Recommended,209650,13126456,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,★George002000★,"Awesome game, got some lag problems but all fixed now due to AMD's lastest driver.100% recemend."
,Not Recommended,209650,13061245,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Imp,"The name of this game should be ""Lag of Duty - Advanced Warbug""I WANT MY MONEY BACK! THIS GAME DOESN'T WORTH NOT EVEN A COIN!!!"
76561198048917757,Not Recommended,209650,13061128,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,iCamp,"A terrible mess of a game with fps all over the place, huge system requirements, and buggy AMD crossfire performance (even after they updated their driver too).Often the game is just a few fps for the first 15 seconds of the match, before setteling down to normal. Similar to Ghosts.Just saw my first hacker, and deleted the game.Fed up with this kids wasting my time.Looks better and runs better on the PS4 - don't waste your money here."
,Recommended,209650,18087648,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Scratch,It wouldn't run on my rig without lag an stuttering.
76561198099292628,Recommended,209650,14568207,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Atomic Bombs,"ive watched this game  for a long while. Wanting to play it so badly, and one day i finally got it. I had read all the reviews about it being a horrible game with more problems than can be named. This was my experience-installed the game.played against botshad alot of funplayed onlinehad alot of funplayed survivalhad alot of fundidnt play the campaign because im not much of a campaign personi know this game does have a bit of problems, but for me the game is fun and i enjoy playing it. Now dont think because i said that, that the game is perefct. It does have its flaws and weaknesses, but from what ive experienced, as long as i have a good connection, the game goes good. Runs smooth too on an intel core i3, gtx 745 and 6gb ram. It was also recently updated, so that may contribute some to the good gameplay. My only main complaint is that not alot of people play this game anymore for pc, so finding a game can get pretty lengthy ocasionally."
76561198014737187,Not Recommended,209650,13132408,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jaynuck,By far the worst game ever made. I would rather shove a fork up my♥♥♥♥♥then play another cod.
,Recommended,209650,12951730,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Spy,"Awesome, Best cod ever"
,Not Recommended,209650,25184797,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Qweeble,"Damn, something worse than FNaF, Bad Rats, etc..."
,Recommended,209650,13370292,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Runealex,pretty great and needs all the player it can get. please dont let this good CoD die. unless youre a real stickler for server browser this is great.
,Recommended,209650,13118143,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Pound,"This is a really exciting and fun game overall. It is a fresh take on Cod, and I really enjoy it. I will admit, it did take a little time to get used to. Also, it definitely has a lot of glitches and minor issues, but these things seem to be getting worked out through patches and updates as time goes by. On the downside, there are still no dedicated servers!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12922872,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Fezzz,"Bad Bad Bad Bad BAD. Do Not Recommend, its such a bad game.Bad:-Glitches everywere (especially the exo suits)-LAG thats so bad i cant stand it-The tanking in CORE-There is just too much to explain how and why this game is horrible, if you want to waist $60 then go for it, this is a warning for you not to get it and to not waist your money like I did.Good:-Colourful-Optimised-Graphics are avarage, but in highest graphics i can still see pixelsDO        NOT        BUY!!!________________________________________________________________________________"
76561198070793913,Recommended,209650,12956528,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,The Stretcher,Better than GhostsAdvanced/10
76561198116104042,Recommended,209650,12826280,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,S7AY3R,its decent.
76561198062815593,Recommended,209650,13401428,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,brusier,"Great game, much faster paced than BO2.  In all of my time playing I've only ran across a handfull of hackers.  People complaing about hackers just suck and assume everyone's hacking.  I can't wait for the next patch (2nd) where AW gets even better."
,Recommended,209650,13008034,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,zimm3rmann,"Surprisingly good compared to the past few Call of Duty games. Multiplayer is fun and fast-paced, and the campaign has some interesting gameplay elements with the exo-suits. The game is also well optimized to take advantage of PC hardware, unlike the past few titles in the series. Definately a fun game if you like the FPS genre."
,Recommended,209650,12825101,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jaycloud7,It's pretty good. The servers need a upgrade but they will when more people start playing.
76561198022756549,Not Recommended,209650,12815879,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,kougi,"As far as gameplay is concerned the game is good and fun to play, but when it comes to online there is too much lag that it makes the game unplayable."
,Recommended,209650,12823003,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tiny Snek,"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is a breath of fresh air in an otherwise stale game franchise. As I found myself playing through the campaign I had the distinct feeling that more thought and effort had been put into this game than the previous installments, especially when compared to Ghosts and Black Ops II. The game has a few issues here and there, a lot of the ""driveable cars"" handle very poorly and can cause some frustration. The Multiplayer experience is fun, but there are a few weapons that really needed to be more balanced. Over all I rate it this way.For a COD game: 8/10For a FPS game 6.5/10Story: 7/10Graphics: 7/10Multiplayer: 6/10Single Player: 7/10over all the game is a solid 7/10 and I'm quite happy with it."
,Recommended,209650,12828818,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,POLAR Weaz2k12,"Great game !just have to fix all that lag issues...""Call of duty: advanced warfare service is not available"""
76561197980313015,Not Recommended,209650,12835106,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Socklips,"Terrible attempt to cash in on the success of Titanfall. Horrid, laggy, servers..absolutely re-effing-tarded weapon balance. Cheating is, shockingly, rampant in yet another steaming pile of a CoD game. End this series, stop giving them money for crap like this."
76561198067247554,Recommended,209650,12823800,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Man,"Just get it, don't think about it, just get it!!!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12820963,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Crzy Chorizo,game is awesome but theres a problem when it comes to saving the single player mode lost like 4 hours of game play
,Not Recommended,209650,12829726,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,My Name Is N0X,No One is playing this game. Ive been trying to get in game and no one is playing. Like literally no one. Every game says No Games found. DONT BUY THIS GAME. DEVELOPERS DONT CARE FOR YOU.
,Recommended,209650,12824841,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,prym8,"so far so good. 3 hours in only just yet but wow, this is most i've been into a shooter since MW2. Definitely worth a try."
76561198073388218,Recommended,209650,12826817,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Thunderdan,good game but campaign has lots of bugs (jumpy campaign scenes and cant hear what they are saying sometimes)
76561198016490050,Not Recommended,209650,12816463,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,(°V°),"new year same game,still the same game since 2007 and no real news , a modern blackfare like story and even worse laggy multiplayer which has not any improvements . in my opinion since mw 2 its going down and wont become good. thanks devteam!"
,Recommended,209650,17285040,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,X2T | SnipeZ,wish they would bring out a world at war 2 instead of this futuristic♥♥♥♥♥
76561198156213048,Not Recommended,209650,15658220,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jamalington,exo suits ruin the game
,Recommended,209650,13061132,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,~Glitcher~,Well I mean theres hats in it so thats a plus and the movement feels nice better than the♥♥♥♥♥♥ghosts was. One of the best CODS in my oppinion. If you like fast pace shooting and hated ghosts this is for you.
,Not Recommended,209650,13262077,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"It's better than Ghosts but it still pretty crap for one reason. EVERY SINGLE FREAKIN' MULTIPLAYER MAP SUCKS. There is not one even half decent map - they are all insanely, mind blowingly small. The map sizes are very small, very very small, and insanely small. Not even on of them comes close to being a medium sized map.What the ♥♥♥♥?"
,Recommended,209650,15259294,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Killersandy,amazing game
,Recommended,209650,12965015,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,<AC> Acroneos,"Stunning Singleplayer-Story full of action. Needed just 7 hours to complete it on highest difficulty level, but those 7 hours have been well spent!"
,Recommended,209650,12908212,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MarineOnTheCeiling,"Your standard Call of Duty shooty, bang-bang, kaboom, but with some clever new toys to play with, which can make your life a lot easier when used properly. Sadly, A lot of this tech (with certain exceptions) is only used on a few occasions to advance the plot. Clever (but unrealistic) story about the effects of PMCs on modern gonvernments and the power that corporations now hold over nations. Sadly, Controller support was buggy at best and there were a few bugs regarding ""sliding"" during the story which made it next to impossible to advance until you got very lucky and manage to sprint fast enough and belly-crawl under an Indiana Jones style closing door. All aside, a good sequel in a string of fairly mediocre, repetitive games. Give it a go, you'll have fun :)"
,Not Recommended,209650,13636983,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,drigmatik,Can't really recommend this game. Just a few people to play with on multiplayer (sometimes not even having people). It can be fun when you find a game without severe lag or play in a map that does not have stuttering issues.Single player is good.Would buy again? NO
,Recommended,209650,17609049,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,»ÐøG«ÇHÜÇKLÈS,I give this game a rateing from 1 to 10 and i give it a 9.7 because it is a fun creative game campaighn was a great storyline same with the multiplayer and the new zombies modes. maps are very creaitive the guns are good. The only bad thing i did not like about the game is that there are hackers in the game and how bad the match making is and how bad the lag is in game. ut overall of the game it is a great game and a great series to continue.
,Recommended,209650,13128492,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The original slothy bastard,Ya know what would be cool? If I could play this game online. Constant errors with connecting to the servers makes this game a buzz kill. That being said this game is still a lot of fun. And I hate the CoD series.
,Recommended,209650,13193079,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,luke,"Honestly I do not see why there are so many bad reviews about this game, In my opinion this game is great! But the only problem is the lag at the start of the matches for me.."
,Not Recommended,209650,14766427,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,(NBK) Klonopin,"Pretty much the same thing over and over again. I have put in around 6 hours and really just wish I never even bought it... this is like all the rest of the COD games but with jump pack jumping and a ""sci fi"" future twist on it. Nothing really new added to the formula here.2/10 would save your money for something else."
,Recommended,209650,13788791,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ArmagoN,"In short, nothing like titan fall, plays better with more options. Simple to pick up difficult to master. 85% mark Worth picking up, alot of effort has gone into this game and you do notice it... unless you are under 22. then based on how I watch those guys play games, your attention is on completion, not the journey :)Really enjoyed the Single Player game, story was far better than Ghosts, wasn't as cheesey as BOPs2. Would have liked it to be longer as it lasted me around 8 hours. Lots of good run and gun segments leaving you to htink about the best route through an area. It has lept me interested!Multiplayer is alot of fun, although the lack of server hosting is frustrating. The unlock system works well and rewards you for being consistently good. Looking forward to the extra DLC coming out soon, especially with the introduction of EXO Zombs."
76561198015503221,Recommended,209650,12806642,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Crasherzz,10/10
76561198016565782,Not Recommended,209650,12920069,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,gh,"I have a 3.8ghz i7, 32g ram, 2 hd5800's in crossfire (i kno not best gfx but i usually run EVERYTHING on ultra setting and its super smooth with tones fps at 1080 resolution. not a prob)this game looks like something from 1998. and when manually crank up settings.. forget it.. one frame a minute. and im usually pretty good with tinckering settings. no matter what i try. theres just no hope for this game. absolutely horrible.this is for sure done on purpose just like it was for latest wolfenstien until found a shortcut fix on youtube then all of a sudden ugly and slow when to pretty n fast. i cant stand them doing this.new drivers better fix this or for buying another cod game. waste of money"
76561198119636643,Not Recommended,209650,29215957,Posted: 12 January,all,{KSG}Killerspycrabgaming,How do i refund it?
,Not Recommended,209650,16249496,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Obama,i have a gtx 980 - $600 and an i5-4690 - $200 why cant i run this game on ultra without intense fps drops?????
76561198014539183,Recommended,209650,13160974,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,triperakos,suuuuuuuuper
76561198094512042,Not Recommended,209650,12944022,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,/V\,"Short and sweet as i drop my 2 cents in.My big problem with this game is the Multiplayer. The matchmaking is un%$^#ing believably horrible.Cant play for the first 30sec-1min of everymap due to textures not being loaded and what ever else.IF you bought the game strictly for single player, okay my rig ran it fine though a little bit of audio/video mismatch during cuts.Do not buy this if you love mult. Go back and play CSGO or hell even back to ghosts, at least until they fix it.That is if they even do..."
,Not Recommended,209650,14012339,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ㄨCandid...,Can't run in Dual Core CPUs. Hate that feeling.
76561198076212203,Recommended,209650,13380502,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Aron,Its a nice game but 70$ IS TO MUTCH MONNY
76561198116005861,Recommended,209650,14579855,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ed5902,the game fun andmore interactive if you have a gamepad such as ua USB xbox controller hooked up to the pc other than that i like the game and find it very fun and i would recomend this to other cod player or anyone that likes first person shooters or shooting games
76561198096916446,Recommended,209650,13028795,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Sifudizzy1981,I love new new movement and control abilities. I feel more in control of my character than ever before. good job Call of Duty team
,Recommended,209650,13020752,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Zera_Magee,"I like this game and there isnt much to complain about, exept one thing. The lack of dedicated servers, that is the only thing i can find that i dont like about this game. Other than that its a good game."
76561198167257647,Recommended,209650,14949680,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,[trading] ✪Demi Lovato,this is a awsome game it is perfect in every way this is a must buy
,Not Recommended,209650,13027591,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Lukkern,Fun in 10 hours... Then it gets SOOOOOOOOOOOO BOOOOOORING!
76561198028239159,Recommended,209650,17832803,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,"Flintlock 7,62","Bacon, you know you are the best of meThanks SON !!!And remember cut them down"
76561198105237604,Not Recommended,209650,23962793,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,✪ AimBot.exe,"Multiplayer is not available. Graphics need ultra advanced computer. Terrible, just terrible. Wasted $60."
76561197977887791,Recommended,209650,16964524,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Masta Butcher,"Some how it really works again, multi is good, it's all good again..."
,Recommended,209650,14471715,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Critterbot,Best CoD since BO2.
,Not Recommended,209650,14445382,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Alemark,"Great game and all! But it is very laggy on the PC! And a bit more fustrating because of the lag! Absolutely love it though! But I would prefer the xbox 360 or the xbox 1 because it is less laggier and more fun and exciting, so if you are reading this review, get advanced warfare on the xbox!"
76561198010901624,Recommended,209650,12877896,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,lolchow00,it is awesome
76561198016397464,Recommended,209650,12887732,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BigShaman,"Best CoD Multiplayer since Black Ops 2. Rips off Crysis and Titan Fall, but who cares?Keep it up!"
76561197998740055,Recommended,209650,12893047,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Spacemania,"Advanced Warfare is a new twist on the existing good elements of the classic CoD series. The gunplay mechanics that worked have stayed in place while the exploits of the ""noob tube"" has been removed. The new dimension that is brought to the game however is the EXO suit which allows for rapid ground and in-air movements. This tool when used with experienced hands brings the player into an entirely new tier of skill and for classic CoD players to deal with it should learn how to cope with it quickly, or learn this skill for themselves. The learning curve for it feels very steep, but for me when I had my lightbulb moment on just how the mechanics works, the mechanic suddenly became instinctive and its now a core part of my gameplay. It is this element alone IMO that brings the game into the new and fresh corner and brings the series back into replayability.Another good note is that the level of customization for your charachter, guns, and everything else is virtually double that of previous games. There is a great deal of ways to best suit your character to your style of gameplay. Additionally this game also feels more stable upon its release and with fewer visible exploits that players are using fresh out of the gate. While there may be some calling out certain weapons as overpowered, it is of my opinion that it is more of a case of an expert gamer having found the perfect marriage of their gameplay style to their weapon loadout of choice. The result is an ""overpowered opponent"" more than an ""overpowered weapon"". Its frustrating, but thats life, not an exploit.My complaints is a feel that there are too few multiplayer maps and lacks diversity, and some games do feel shorter than the previous series. Also while the customization features of the guns are high, the diversity of stock weapons are low, with some firearms being patheticly useless in stock format (especially the pistols). Lastly while this feels like a minor pick, it is still worth noting. I felt as the campaign was lacking far more than it should have given the quality that I had been given in the previous games. While yes, CoD is mostly for multiplay, its singleplay campaigns were rather well done. In this version however, it felt like it leaned more on its actors rather than its story which was a bit of a letdown. Again, its a minor complaint but it should be said for those who put more stock in a game based on its campaigns.Overall, its a very much improved game and worth getting into. Just remember, that exo suit gameplay is going to toss you for a loop in the first few rounds!"
,Recommended,209650,14441880,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,macaca,齁
,Recommended,209650,13174691,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Literally Hitler,yes
76561197982684901,Recommended,209650,14641665,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,LostShadow,"As a child of darkness, I do so ADORE to hunt such troublesome FOOLS in this game!  I look deep into the death's eye of my weapon of choice.  But one movement of a finger, and you die...  To see you flitter about in a useless attempt at dodging Death's great scythe is oh so PLEASURABLE.  Do play this game as so I may see you fall."
76561198048448390,Not Recommended,209650,14091547,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,neosaint,no fun at all
,Recommended,209650,14600551,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,VICE REGENT,This game is sick asf
,Recommended,209650,16922533,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Connor Beale,Severely underrated. Online community is nowhere to be found. Buy it and revive it.
,Recommended,209650,31037544,Posted: 9 April,all,Derp,I would say this is the comeback to the series and has a great new way to play COD.
76561198038421114,Not Recommended,209650,14137642,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,_shifty  ☈,"this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks always broken, ♥♥♥♥ you sledgehammer go ♥♥♥♥in suck on a fat one you pathetic d rated programmers/coders"
76561198118702314,Not Recommended,209650,14147941,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zyphrex,This game is outright terrible.
76561198117821852,Recommended,209650,14585102,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,WBK-_-Lonnie,I can play on the game my PC always goes black with i start  it up
76561198082320766,Recommended,209650,14585810,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Elmo went mad,Kevin Spacey is why i bought this game.
,Recommended,209650,14563464,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,VooDoo,I love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198019617342,Recommended,209650,13927597,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,$laya,great game but i dont like lasers to op
,Recommended,209650,12883206,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Sixop,"Not too bad, but Some texturews just wont download and its really affecting gameplay. Could be a personal problem but It would be cool if someone checked up on that. I love gameplay and multiplayer is great. It reminds me of halo fighting style with a CS:GO feel of maps, but at the same time it fits in with all of the other COD games. I love it, but my problem with the Missing texture bothers me too much, so im giving it 9/10 until i get some awnsers or it gets fixed.-P.S. The Campaing was great but it felt a little short, it only took me like 4 hours to beat it on regular, but it was an Exiting 4 hours. I feel an Advanced Warfare II coming soon......"
76561198058673952,Not Recommended,209650,12942395,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,=UK= GRINCHY ™,"this game is like ghost a load of rubbish,graphics are terrable,game is rubbish,dont like the annoying jumping about,definetly the last call of duty i will be buyingR.I.P.COD"
,Recommended,209650,14192821,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Doug Dimmadome,I can double jump like in Super Smash Bros. If you wanna play like my ♥♥♥♥♥ Little Mac gtfo
,Recommended,209650,15193389,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Wong,Kevin Spacey
76561198057750858,Recommended,209650,12999549,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,FoeHammer,Great game very interesting should buy 10/10
76561198111549254,Recommended,209650,13155331,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,E-Rekt,"Let me start with saying WOW this game is great, now let me correct myself and say this game is horriable. i had the same reaction when i bought it, it felt amazing playing all of the campagin and if your buying it for that then get this game now. also there are a few (1-2) minor plot holes but they arent important and are easy to look past. now multiplayer thats a diffrent story, first off it is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ know how the exos change the game well they do as in a sence of if you dont use a spread shot or explosive weapon your going to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥recked by a kid boost jumping 50 feet in the air where you'll lose him staring into the squinting light and then realizing he is right behind you with a shotgun trained at your head. so if you dont find exploits like the cheep moves that allways work but go against the games purpose and the way its susposed to bye played then your going to get PWNED by a max prestiege 5 year old jacked up on mountain dew and doritos XP codes. point is this games campagin is great, its short lived but great. multiplayer should be good after some dlc and patches WHEN THEY LISTEN TO US. but on another note the game is just missing somthing i dont know what it is but i just have this feeling that it is not whole. well i liked it anyway"
,Recommended,209650,13255162,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Pitufo Mamadote,"Really cool game with awesome weapons, just that in multiplayer theres lag everywhere..."
,Not Recommended,209650,14631116,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,SOH,I rate this a steam connect failed/10
,Recommended,209650,13754499,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Neleros,Everything Call of Duty needed to become to take the top spot!
,Recommended,209650,12990648,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The Monsees,"This is the Call of Duty to buy. The exo abilities add a new component to the series that make it more fast paced and fun. Way better than any recent Call of Duty game, and deserves much more praise than it gets."
,Recommended,209650,13686934,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Snapohellcase.com,GREAT GAME ! Only one problem you have to press to many keys and the mouse accleration just gives mouse players terrible aim
76561198123802935,Not Recommended,209650,14157356,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,☣SuperNewf☣,"♥♥♥♥♥half people use controler Way to fast past for mouse and keybord! can't even shoot and kill people! gay af wast of money only 114,000 ppl got it and cost to much for♥♥♥♥♥♥game on pc!"
76561198012071265,Not Recommended,209650,24933659,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,"Kevin Spacey scares me.But also, the game is kind of choppy even on low settings. Forget multiplayer, the COD crowd has moved on to the next title. I mean I think SOME people still play this, but they're masters at these maps and you'll get pwned.You jonesin for some COD? Go with Ghosts or Black Ops I."
76561197991137187,Recommended,209650,13627208,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SrgtSmashmouth,Best COD ever.
76561198015946745,Not Recommended,209650,13340991,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,L!ckALotAPus,"sorry i can not recommend this game my rig is in the top 98% and it lags like hell,and this free weekend is reall bringing out the hacks.3 people hacking(aimbot) out of 6 games:("
76561198057456698,Recommended,209650,14403311,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ジョセフ,"O jogo eh bom mas n eh aquela coisa toda , quando chegar o zombies vai ficar bom!"
76561198078844580,Not Recommended,209650,14019633,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,EnDeR,DOES IT SUCK
,Recommended,209650,14768368,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Def,This Game is one of the best cod since years.Great comeback from Ghosts10/10 would definitely play again.Havoc dlc is fun toothe exo zombies is something newIts soundtrack is also nice which includes that sci-fy and zombish feeling (im talking about the exo zombies soundtrack)Buy this during a sale. Totally worth buyingCOD for stupid people:Cod makes a bad sequelcod fans say it sucksCod INNOVATES and makes a better game with a new conceptcod fans still say it sucksWhat do these guys want?!
,Recommended,209650,14777575,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lord Gaben,Amazing game LOVE IT
,Recommended,209650,25709672,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Samcity,If it wasn't for bots this game would be a poor hangover.Edit: That was a joke.
76561198021416601,Recommended,209650,16817869,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fruitloopchazz,zombies
76561198074362696,Recommended,209650,16820086,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,HOTWETP55y,Not to many players
76561198122343588,Recommended,209650,16821423,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kev1n,its great
,Recommended,209650,18316951,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dawnshepherd,Amazing game!
76561198123196122,Not Recommended,209650,12907379,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Harunz,"Do not buy this game, i thought id ignore the reviews hopeing it would be good man was i wrong it was worse than i could ever imagine. go buy any other COD game but this.btw DAYZ ftw"
76561198167735285,Recommended,209650,18897089,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,J.,Ok I speak buy this game its no bad-low players-sometimes lagging on older computer ist no activison blame its your blame :)+story+grafic card (ou sorry its my grafic :D)+multiplayer (so i not have problem with him
76561198103745590,Recommended,209650,14737274,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Ba_Lock_Aye,hi
76561198033269454,Not Recommended,209650,23963433,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nimrod_Sch,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209650,13069636,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Маленькая Фея,"Игра отличная! Графика на высоте, голливудские эффекты и захватывающяя графика!Плюсы:- Геймплей- Графика- Саундтреки- Физика- Проработанные миссии ( не тупое мочилово скозь груду ботов )- Next GenМинусы:- Завышенные системные требования- ЦенаИтог: 10/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,14219638,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Scrump,"""I ♥♥♥♥ed your mother.""-everyone who plays this game"
76561197970974255,Not Recommended,209650,22413676,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[USEF]HoneyBadger,DO Not buy this
,Not Recommended,209650,17780923,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,No.
76561197977629262,Recommended,209650,15103877,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,{FU} Acro,Love it just wish i could get a handle on the weapons and moves it has
,Recommended,209650,15441138,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bucket,Beautiful game....Must have....Buy it now....OR DIE TRYING!?!
76561198166448878,Recommended,209650,15450619,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,No_Flex_Bird,cool
,Recommended,209650,15454712,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Parthin,yes
76561198106563721,Not Recommended,209650,17373462,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Big shot,Why the F%$# does it take so long to load the missions????
76561198097803401,Recommended,209650,12928487,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lieutenant_Klaus,"Pretty Awsome game, Story and Graphics looks Stunning"
76561198215517147,Not Recommended,209650,19793123,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Fukyrslf,"I have bought this game for one month and it never successfully log in online server, each time I tried to play mutiplayer  the server was  ""not available,please try again."" By the way, this game is very poorly optimized, my laptop is alienware 17, with GTX980 and i7, when I palyed campagin it is not smooth sometimes."
76561198130058672,Not Recommended,209650,15806256,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Slug,What a waste of 100 $ it doesnt download through steam at all even when it does i cant open it ive tried everything uninstalling and reinstalling both the game and steam. Sadly their are no refunds on steam so im down 100 dollars on a game i cant play.
76561198048276583,Not Recommended,209650,15796001,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Madspacecat,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and no one plays this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game10/10 recommend if you wanna waste 60 ducking $ I want my money backOnly 2 gamemodes
,Recommended,209650,15007402,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,TheEvilWombat,I rate this game 1/10! Additional rating points are available to purchase for £1.99 each!
,Recommended,209650,15776994,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Psiursus,"Actually for a CoD game it's not that bad. The acting was pretty good buy all the people invovled and the story was pretty good. The exo suit combat is def new and provides a lot faster gameplay. I didnt really enjoy it until the zombies came out though, now we have some real action."
76561198124888279,Not Recommended,209650,12958250,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jewnami,Game Is so bad. they should have to pay us to play this.
,Recommended,209650,15588062,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Apex`,Very fun game if you are good at multitasking. :DDDDD
76561198094766442,Recommended,209650,12844946,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Guastello,Its actually not bad
,Recommended,209650,12841862,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MrPocoyo97,I love it
,Not Recommended,209650,14211838,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Baby Face,"Multiplayer is a lot of fun if it works., the maps could be a bit biger. Servers are often down for me and the game crashes a lot. The single player is just bad. The voice synchro during the loadingstorys is most of the time totally off and the tasks are sometimes just boring, e.g hittig a key as fast as possible for 30 sec. Definetely not worth the 60 bugs for me :("
76561198063621913,Not Recommended,209650,14218062,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MEIN SWAMP,Why can't cod make games like they used to.. to be honest you'll have a better time using the $60 to buy a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s subscription.
,Not Recommended,209650,14212505,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chump,i am disliking this game because i have to buy dlc:s to be able to play exo zombies
,Recommended,209650,17878455,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Deuterium the Sentient Mattress,"Advanced Warfare packs the best, and possibly longest, Call of Duty campaign mode for a long time. Call of Duty is back, and better than ever,"
76561198015963264,Not Recommended,209650,14821172,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shadow,"What a waste of $100.  Bought it and all the DLC.  This game is crap, It looks horrible on my system and plays even worse.  Really wish they'd stop jamming thes games out, and give us something worth paying for. Dedicated servers and mod/mapping tools!"
,Not Recommended,209650,17097542,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,CAUTION THIS CAR ROTATES,I DIDNT GET THE GOLD EDITIONM WHEN I PRE ORDERED IT 0/10
,Not Recommended,209650,20935888,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FruggerMugger,"The game was rushed and felt very unfinished, I believe they could have used a few more weeks on this little bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥:DBut all and all it's an ok game to play with your friends to have fun on. I still do not recommend on using a lot of cash on it on PC if you are expecting for a huge badass game."
76561198241444560,Not Recommended,209650,29364468,Posted: 19 January,all,R4Z0R_PVPRO.COM,Warning do not buy this game! no one plays multiplayer. And my PC almost got blue screened from playing campaign! Terrible
,Not Recommended,209650,14437666,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,cacographeld,"This game is great, nothing you do online matches up because everyone is seconds ahead or behind you, so it's completely random if you can do well or not. My fav!"
,Recommended,209650,12985705,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,scblues,:)
76561198129537181,Recommended,209650,14678560,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Friendly Neighborhood Spy,AMAZING!!!!
76561197968811622,Recommended,209650,14578534,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blusher,"In my  opinion  Call of  duty Advanced  warfare  is  the  best  cod   since  call of duty  world at war  which i still play  cod  ghosts  being the  worst  ever ,if   your  thinking of  getting advanced warfare  just  do it ,  you  wont  regret your  choice  both single  player  and  multiplayer  are in  my opinion  excellent and  the  fact  that  you can  buy it  cheaper  today  is  a no  brainer , see  you in  the  servers"
76561198084747436,Recommended,209650,15748154,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rusty,ehhhhh
76561197994768512,Recommended,209650,18088377,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Anarchy,Game was good once the buggs got worked out wish more was still playing thho
,Recommended,209650,24298605,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ShadowMang,Generic MLG joke here
,Not Recommended,209650,13766426,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Feeliks,GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK NOWMy game crashes the hole timeMy sponsor:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ArchReviews/
,Recommended,209650,13161812,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Jeppx,"A couple of hours in and haven't had any problems at all with lag, hackers, mouse sensitivity, spawning etc etc.Great game, graphics are amazing, VERY fast paced!"
76561197993729936,Recommended,209650,13161767,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,KisameFishman,"The game is good I ususally don't go with the whole COD fanboy ways unless it's zombies and their coming!!!!!!!Also if someone saying something about hackers it's ususally because their hand and eye cordnation is POOR and they lose , Don't lose just WIN.Everyone that knows the series how MP works just your norm but with EXO gear (the jump packs) and no it's not over powered, it fits into the game perfect.As far as CO-OP goes you have EXO it's good but will bring the pain if you don't work as a team and AI is pretty sharp.All and All this one is 4.5 out of 5 in my book just because it's not made by treyarch aaaaaaaawwwwwwwooooooo."
76561198051887753,Recommended,209650,13166587,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,eddrr372,"if your a cod fan then it's alright at the minimumi got well into black ops back in the day, on the sony play station platform. on black ops 1 i was pretty much a pro tbh not blowing my own trumpet or anything, but this one time i did get chopper gunner twice in the same match with sniper rifles (in care packages). and that time i skewered this dude in the head with the spring loaded knife was pretty cool too, especially as the screen was flash banged but i pulled it off anyway, probably because i had a special perk ability activated.combined BO 1 and 2 i played a lot. hours, days, weeks certainly. surely not months? i cannot say for sure.anyway i got sucked away by less vital things (girlfriend and job) and had to move out of the house i was staying in and alas had to leave behind the xbox and playstation we shared.anyway cut a long story short i decided to give COD AW a go. it had good initial independent reviews and i had a new rig (expensive gaming pc put together as a hobby) to test out. also a month off from work. also no girlfriend (we broke up she's not dead or anything).anyway the reviewy bit;artistic license has clearly been taken with 'AW' and largely it works, i think. if your into the single player campaign then especially this works, as the exo suits make for an interesting new dynamic to the generic mix. im not into single player at all generally anymore and i played just the first few levels just so to give it a try and also see and hear what kelvin spacey looks like in 2057 or something (he looks pretty good). i did have some fun but got bored after about 3 'levels'. i think i heard it referred to as 'a glorified shooting gallery' and i don't think i could put it better myself. it was pretty to look at first, fun too, but got bored so quickly.with games like cod it's all about MP and that's what the rest of this review will focus on.the exo movement takes some getting used to and kudos for making a change like this. always a balance has to be struck and i think the exo movement was a savvy maneuver the games developers knew cod gamers would embrace one way or another. to be sure if you don't then you will die even more than you think is already possible and will keep doing so until you get used to it or just quit.the exo movement clearly extends to map design as well, and clearly a lot of time has been put into creating some interesting spaces for jumping around in army grasshopper style.personally, having very fond memories of BO1 this change in design is difficult to get used to. i've played 40 hours so far and have prestige'd once. while the graphic dimensions of the maps are in places brilliant (that map with the tsunami warning / tsunami is stunning) in others they feel bored and samey.the weaponry is similar with a few new takes on some. they've done well by keeping the '13 points' load-out structure too, which seems to work very well. my biggest gripe here is with the sniper guns, which they've played around with in a way which is not to my liking. there's only 4 of them (standard), but one of them has a '2 fire system' and so far i don't see anybody bothering with it.as you may have already guessed i was a bad♥♥♥♥♥camping sniper boss in bo1, and i feel a little bit lost so far not knowing how to use even the semi - auto or the 'MORS' effectively. perhaps if i get to know the maps better that will change.Regardless of my own expectations of the game in bo1/2 there was definitely more 'space' to sneak around in and perhaps dig yourself in, especially with effective teamwork. with the new player movements it does feel like the same tried and tested run and gun formula has been jacked up that few more notches. at it's worst it's jittery spray and pray, and this aspect is relentlessly unforgiving if you've not got the patience to die over and over and over and over and over again until momentarily things slot into place a little bit. then it's good. that bit comes right before getting dumped on the head by your own 'orbital' care package.it's the same run and gun, arcade style ffs on legal performance enhancing steroids, and can be really good fun.this is not a comprehensive / serious review, but well done for reading the last sentenceses. based on my own first impressions and feelings im giving this game 3.5 stars out of 5."
,Recommended,209650,13191591,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,CallmeMiner,"For all you people out there looking at this game, Don't listen to all these people saying ""EXO RUINED IT ):"". Exo movement is probably one of the best features in this game. If I play any other FPS, I miss exos. This game feels less like a port than other CODs but still could have some PC enhancements, Ex: Clan tags, server lists, lag tweaks. Sledgehammer HAS been updating this game, buffing and nerfing guns to make them better, and fixing bugs in this game. I only have one MAJOR wish for this game: Supply Drops need to not be purely luck based. I would like it so the higher level, or more time invested in this game, increases your odds, or even gives you a guarantee of an elite tier item. This game is a great game, and it is the best COD IMO. So yeah.  NOTE: I have not actually played single player yet.  I am currently level 36 presteige 6.(╯°□°)--︻╦╤─ - - -"
,Recommended,209650,13189446,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Trash,really fun game to screw around
76561198111473544,Recommended,209650,13187757,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Overseas,Good game really successful
76561198003928694,Recommended,209650,14603453,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Wenk*,"makes some much needed changes to the franchise, but still could use more"
,Recommended,209650,14195898,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,PS4 > PC,"if it goes on sale, you might as well buy it. 8/8 - ign"
76561198016158171,Recommended,209650,13438876,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Epic.Mango,THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!! Shotty with unlimited exo and run speed rapes
76561198090212517,Recommended,209650,13437898,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jett,"It's a fun game in all, but the graphics are a little TOO high. Just saying."
,Not Recommended,209650,12827851,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Dirty Dwarf,The Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare service is not available at this time. Please try again later. :(
,Recommended,209650,12813925,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Pan,"Got the back of my head slapped by a guard 4 times and died.Accidentally pressed A and rocket boosted into a car.Jump on a car, threw the guy out then tripped and fell on the road and died, looking almost badass.10/10, badass simulator."
,Recommended,209650,12811953,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Flabby Dino,"its seriosly a lot of fun. its a huge step up from previos games ""cogh cough"" ""cod ghost"". its a whole lot of fun and very addicting. Not ussually a cod guy but this got me back into it."
,Recommended,209650,13066162,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,SuccuLyxX,"The story campaign was pretty good with lots of badass action moments and great setpieces, and I enjoyed the characters a lot, especially Kevin Spacey as the villain. The ending felt pretty awesome too though left me a bit unfulfilled. Multiplayer (so far) has been enjoyable but with some hickups as I am getting a lot of stuttering during the initial few seconds of a map, making me unable to play the match until the framerate has stabilized which is a bit of a chore. I do enjoy it though, especially the customization which has never been this deep in the CoD series so far. All in all this is one of the best CoD games I've played so far but I feel there are things that keeps it from being perfect.8/10"
,Recommended,209650,12797014,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,#Thě_T1mǿň | G2A•com,"It's just incredible,amazing and breathtaking and about multiplayer and I generally keep quiet.In General, the game is just amazing who wants to buy a buy it without any doubt not who you will not regret the money spent and the time for its passage. Score 9.5/10."
76561198017741078,Not Recommended,209650,12835601,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,joloBV,0/5 would not recommend this to anyone. The game itself is fun but you rarely ever get to play it properly so... Dont waste your money bruhs
76561198019710611,Not Recommended,209650,12823098,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Inkedjester,....
,Recommended,209650,13004353,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,FruitSnackJunkie,CoD/Halo Hybrid!!!!! Loving it so far <3
76561198085304327,Recommended,209650,13012284,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DeathMikuMEOW,I love the game so far im hoping som minor bug fixes are released at sompoint in the future but I love the game SledgeHammer combined everything that I liked in the past Call Of Dutys and even added more with the special weapons and stuff the I really like the emblem customization that they for the most part copied from Black Ops 2 but I would like to see mabye just a few more layers.
,Recommended,209650,12798248,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,TheNegativeZone,"""Hold F to pay respects.""Tapped F.Paid respects anyway.11/10"
76561198026257611,Recommended,209650,13085881,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,suntoryjim,"I personally really like Call of Duty Advanced Warfare! I think it's the best Call of Duty game in the whole series because of it's epic graphics, exo suit abilities, and of course the weapons! I highly, highly recomend this game to anyone looking for a Call of Duty game that isn't laggy, caugh caugh Ghosts, and I also recomend this game for someone who wants to have variation in fps games. Although this game has a few hickups here and there, I think this game has a high potential of making it to the leader boards of best game of the year!"
,Recommended,209650,12810543,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Minialto321,"All I have to say is thank you for finally making COD better. I love this cod more than any other (except MW2) and I was losing hope in them so bad and didnt even want to look at this when it was announced. But I did (Bearely) and waited for release to see the results not even pre-ordering. Let me happily tell you that this game brought my faith back 100%, I love Multi-player and the campaign is Gorgeous! 10/10"
,Recommended,209650,12810852,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,SukM4d1k,Wayyy better than the last version i highly recommended
,Recommended,209650,12810784,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Doodle1G,Its pretty good. It has a pretty amazing port from console (Although you can tell). Never thought I would say this but I think the Call Of Duty Franchise might be bouncing back a bit. All they need to do is balance the weapons a bit for PC. The game just isnt yet made for using a mouse. It makes the game way to easy with the various guns. Anyway 8/10.
,Not Recommended,209650,12796582,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DebugThis,"-Clearly NOT a Call of Duty Game-This game was a HUGE dissapointment as far as multiplayer is concerned. Nevertheless, I'm still trying to make sense of my $100 investment.- Tactics are no longer a part of the game. Nearly all maps consists of buildings randomly peppered about without any clear through paths or chokes.- The name of the game is sprint around like a f**king idiot and rocket jump everywhere. You will be flanked or dropped down upon regardless of your skill level because of poor map and playstyle design- Futuristic guns like the EM1 are bullsh*t. Most new players will resort to using these because they have NO RECOIL and can be hipfired across half the map for kills. (Get ready for an annoying laser light show)- The base guns that you acquire are actually the BEST guns you can have. Therefore, there are no rewards to reap upon reaching level cap (50). Just prestige and drop the game.---------Overall, this game is huge dissapointment and I doubt that I will ever be able to make my investment worthwile. For those of you who are massochistic enough to try to 'get your money's worth'... GOOD LUCK.Me?I'm going to lick my wounds, cut my losses, and try to make up my lost investment through the local sperm bank."
,Recommended,209650,12818441,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,B&W,"New engine modification, new SP and MP feautures, new COD."
,Recommended,209650,13092029,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Opfor-NYC (no sound),"I play counter strike more and I dont have any other COD game, but this one seems fun.One of the problems I have with the game is the loading, It would either load to fast or too slow. If the cut screne loaded to fast, there would be a black screen. If it didnt, then you are lucky. Coop is a bit confusing but it is fun.Graphics wize, idk, never bought any cod game before.Voice acting and story line is good."
,Recommended,209650,12838824,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,savage,"better get ebola than play this gameactivision fix it pls0/10 without fixing, but the game actually good."
,Recommended,209650,12811990,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Tolain,There's a shotgun that shoots dubstep in this game so you can 360 WUBBBBBB a skrub and then jetpack away while chugging a mountain dewski. Cod of the year 2014 - 5 out of 5 spaceys.
,Recommended,209650,12811012,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sentick,titanfall 2.0 12/8 would buy again
76561197992030321,Recommended,209650,13150089,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GregJA,fast and fun.One of the best call of duties in a long time.DEFINITLEY recommend!
76561198022565968,Recommended,209650,12800641,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,outis,best cod ewa
,Recommended,209650,12811756,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ugly,Call of Duty: Silencer Warfare
76561197989831084,Recommended,209650,12840112,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Reggie Ledoux,This game is good for raging virgin eshole with very low IQPronz.com/exosuitpronz
,Recommended,209650,13078361,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Syzygy,"This is a review of the campaign portion of Advanced Warfare.Advanced Warfare is the first Call of Duty that I've purchased in quite a few years, the last one being Black Ops. I was cautious about this ever since seeing it at E3 back in June but decided to pre-order it anyway. I told myself if it was bad, then I'd never pay for a CoD game again. Sledgehammer has done a great job however, I was completely surprised by how much fun I was having in the campaign despite it being utterly stupid.CROSS THE ROAD MITCHELLSome of the set peices in the campaign are embarrassingly bad, such as an objective as crossing the road. However, there are some phenomenal ones as well. Ziplining down a mountain just to find out a forest is actually an illusion hiding a military complex, dropping into Seoul and gunning your way through the streets, dropping a sniper on a Greek island, and fighting in crevices in Antartica are just a few that come to my head. It's superb.The graphics are pretty for a Call of Duty game as well, you can tell it's using a dated engine yet I'm still impressed how well they made it look. The gameplay is pretty standard for CoD, if you've played one you've played them all, except there are some exciting new weapons to use. EM1 is a laser beam gun which is always fun to use, and punching people with your EXO-suit and watching them fly is always a joy to behold.EXO-suits are probably the reason why I like this game as much as I do. They breathe new life into a stale IP I feel, and I hope they bring them back in the next iteration. Not doing so would be a step backwards in my opinion.In conclusion, if you like playing Call of Duty then you should definitely get this, if you're not too interested in the multiplayer portion of the game then I suggest wait for the price to drop (which may take ages knowing activision). If you've been wondering whether to get this or not but you're not a fan of Call of Duty, wait for it to go on sale then get it. That way you haven't spent £40 on a game you didn't like in the end."
,Recommended,209650,12827153,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[LEO]DarkCon,"Great game! First one I've played the MP more than SP.I've had no real technical issues to talk about, other than when I updated to the latest NVIDIA driver. It stuttered/lagged so bad that I thought it was my connection. I checked my ping and it was great. I ended up resetting my Invidia and game settings for auto-optimization, which corrected the issue.I'm also enjoying the SP storyline, but I figure I have time for that while I prestige on MP. LOL (12/28 - finished SP and challenges. Brutal, but fun)I don't know how I justified the $60 price, but it's been worth it so far.EDIT: I had to make an additional comment here. For those of you complaining about the Exo suits - if you don't like them, why not just play on classic mode? I don't understand why give this game a thumbs down for that alone. Take the  time to learn about the game features before making a snap decision. Again, this is all one person's opinion."
76561198060254571,Recommended,209650,12836946,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Greazy McSleaze,dis gam iz da churs as g. ful rekomed 4 al us g
,Recommended,209650,13093259,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Boidaaaa,"This is definitely one of my favourite Call Of Duty games. ""Rocket ready, swarm missles ready"" - Ultimately satisfying!!"
,Recommended,209650,12809717,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BlackWidow3210,"The game itself?... Call of duty meets titanfall, with major launch issues.Single player was probably one of the best campains I've played from the series, and the multiplayer is great as well... when it works.I have had no issues with the single player other than audio being out of sync for cutscenes, but for multiplayer, it crashes my GPU.I'm running on up to date, fairly powerful hardware so it's not a hardware issue, but it still crashes.I would recommend this game because it's a tried and true game, if you like call of duty, you'll like this one. Just be prepared to wait out some much needed patches and major, game killing bug fixes.Also the Zombies is Season Pass only... so that may turn you off.Pros: Great story, solid gameplay, pretty graphics, new Exo suits.Cons: Very buggy multiplayer, game killing bugs for some, still a lot of updates before I'll give it a 10.7/10"
76561197996962747,Recommended,209650,12810268,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[FEAR]McFly88,"Game ok, however the hackers seem to have found their way in already! Having trouble connecting to online services.. at times , THAT MEANS I CAN NOT PLAY THE GAME AT ALL!Fix the logon isuses and BAN THE HACKERS! This game can be awesome it just needs to be maintained properly!Thanks !I will happily recommend this game when those two glaring isssues are fixed!"
76561198072076263,Recommended,209650,12813428,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Fruzon,No reason.Just a fans.
,Recommended,209650,12820171,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tuncj,Much change such fun
76561198106054004,Recommended,209650,13009602,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,MajorWatermelon,"people hate this game to much, u complained about the lack of new things then they add something new u get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209650,12866075,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Toxic Whiteout,"I actually like this game. Yes, it has issues but it is a lot better than the other Call of Duty's in the past.I really like the campaign, but I didn't like the loading times.I like the multiplayer, but the lack of dedicated servers does suck.The bottom line is that I like the game for what it is, and I have faith that Sledgehammer will follow up on their promise of dedicated servers. If they don't, then my review will change."
,Not Recommended,209650,25759676,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,banterbloke69,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198078552864,Recommended,209650,12820483,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,GameBoy,"I can say that this game is better than Ghosts, and i like the new Cod game8.0"
,Recommended,209650,12820435,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,"Irvine ""Danger"" Riker","This game is a 10/10 until the plot line swerves and USA comes out on top. This game should have been ATLAS ALL THE TIME wipe out all the bad guys and then everyone lived happily ever after. I was hoping for that game.But because I have a very average machine, I played this game at the lowest settings. Because of this I still give the game a 10/10 because the gameplay is simply enjopyable and the plot line is something to think about and enjoy. It's not the ending that I wished for but it is still a great game to expeirence."
76561198128785129,Recommended,209650,12814300,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,PanteraSD,"Ive hated on the COD franchise for years, but they have redeemed themselves with this game. Campaign is really good (which i havent cared for since MW3) and the multiplayer has an added element, it is still a COD game, and its the best IMO. It is fast paced, but it definitely is a step in the right direction. All that extra pre order dlc crap was useless though, it was just skins"
76561198055333422,Recommended,209650,12825579,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,*[HcoreX]* FeNIX;Brickman P.R.,"nice the best call of duty good job guys , friends and i love TY"
,Recommended,209650,12860575,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ｂｉｒｄ,Call of Duty bozdu yaaaaağğğMuhabbetlerini bitirecek Call Of Duty oyunu.
76561198118701658,Recommended,209650,12965283,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,UndeadDonut,Buy this just for the one shot pistol.10/10
,Recommended,209650,12965632,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HongKongCommando,"Without the lag issues, frame rate instabilities, and game crashing, CoD AW is a solid piece of work. It is A LOT better than Ghosts and AW adds its own taste of competitiveness in multiplayer. Definitely recommend this game for fans of CoD. I would rate it a 9/10, but with the problems with the game right now, it's at an 8/10."
76561198094518455,Not Recommended,209650,14605318,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SquatchyWildMan,Call of Duty Advanced Warfare service is not available at this time. Or any other time. And nobody will ever do anything to fix problem. Don't waste your money on this garbage.
,Not Recommended,209650,14606634,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,^6Purple Assasin,"A complete waste of money....Not well optimized for PC, even after the updates.I just kept playing because i already bought a digital version."
76561197974105151,Recommended,209650,18981750,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Max,Now I know this is a good game after all. Thanks Black ops 3 campaign.
76561198008643629,Recommended,209650,14548448,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,NixHex,Great cod game.  I play bf4 more still but this mp on aw is fun.
,Recommended,209650,13071091,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Potatosack,"Amazing, just amazing. Since Black Ops 2 I loved Call of Duty and then came Ghosts. It was boring and stupid and laggy. But now they have this black ops 2 feeling again that you shoot people in a  awesome badass way! 10/10 BUY IT"
76561198029747401,Not Recommended,209650,14656614,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,feygrove44,"pros: another fast pace first person shootercons: terribly balanced in muilt player, no comunity 90% of game types have no lobby"
,Recommended,209650,12819663,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ado164,One of the best COD's ive played in a while! Campaign was amazing for a FPS with loads of story and great characters instead of full on action. Multiplayer is why i bought it and i havent been let down yet! draws aspects from other COD games like the leveling system but dropped the bad things. MP is amazing and is why i gave COD another chance with Advanced Warfare
76561198011886700,Recommended,209650,12820765,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,^~>OrcAdoX<~^,Server issues for now but Advanced Warfare Multiplayer is quite nice.Ohh story it is fabulous...
76561198081869843,Recommended,209650,12810935,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hondon,You can double jump12/10
76561198107269762,Recommended,209650,12819349,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,DadStabber69,420/10 would not recommend - ign
,Recommended,209650,12819961,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Krig Raseri,"Hello and welcome to my review of the new Call of Duty game by Activision and Sledgehammer.I stopped playing cod after MW2 because I realized they pretty much copy and pasted the same game over and over. I decided to try out advanced warfare because the professional game critique TotalBiscuit said it had a good port and was an actually good CoD, and I tend to share the same ideas as he does. I am glad I did for I really enjoy it, obviously like every game it has ups and downs but I'm just happy they finally tried something new.Mutiplayer: The addition of the exo suit has changed the usual gameplay quite a bit with it you have a lot of mobility gaining access to rooftops by jumping, being able to super scoot to the side, and overall opening access to a lot more diverse gameplay, not to mention the exo suit ability's. Now to greatly sadden my heart I have heard quite a few people complaining about the exo suit and I believe these are the people to blame for the same copy pasted game CoD has been for awhile, they don't want new gameplay they just want to spend money to play the same game every new release to which I say NO BAD DOG (Rolled up newspaper slap).I am also very fond of the amount of customization it offers. With the usual playercard design and emblem customization, to the variety in class setup. It now brings a fully customizable character from your boots to your hat/helmet and exo suit, different variants of weapons with stat and skin changes TF2 style which can be acquired by challenges and the new addition of supply crates (Basically a loot crate).As far as class creation goes it runs off of a point system where everything costs a point where you have a max of 13 spendable points. With these you can get your weapons, perks, exo ability, score streaks, wild cards which are like side perks, etc. You get a large selection of weapon attachments, but I find it lacking in perks and I would have liked to see more weapons.Now CoD's community is probably the most immature I have ever seen on a game franchise and most of the time that comes from adults and teenagers not kids sadly. However, it might just be because it's PC and not console peasantry but so far I have not seen any immature players, it's probably a lot different on consoles though....consoles ick...Pros: Fresh new gameplay.Lot's of customization.Cool weapon variants.Graphical upgrade finally.Interesting and fancy map designs.Cons: Too few perks and weapon selection.No dedicated servers yet but they are coming soon. (I don't have lag problems very much though.)Seems like it is too easy to die, but hey bullets don't agree with human anatomy very well.Large download.6gb RAM as a minimum .Hopefully I didn't miss any important information, and I hope you found this review helpful."
,Recommended,209650,13126471,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,GoldStarTech,"Game is great, when it ever connects to the online services. for about a full week now I have not been able to access multiplayer whatsoever. I've reset my internet many times, and all other internet services work just fine including other games that use internet for multiplayer. This game has probably  got the worst online service integrity. for the $100 I spent on this game and for it being one of the most popular games in the world, I am fairly dissapointed."
76561197984090929,Recommended,209650,13127166,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,-}E{-Doc,Great game
,Recommended,209650,12816719,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,DeltaSights,this game is awsome.
76561198074798479,Recommended,209650,12816751,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,on VACation,"brah, its good."
,Recommended,209650,12816851,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Phatcat,"No one cares about Dedicated servers other than 90s kids who haven't learned how to move on.The peer-to-peer connections are fast to get in and out of. No dicking around with server rules like ""crouching only or we ban you"" when you go to join a server. No server mods giving ups for owners. You just play, an a even field.Multiplayer is great, feels like COD2 with new movement options. Its no Titanfall, but give it a go!"
,Recommended,209650,12888090,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mary Guilbeaux,"I highly enjoy this game so far, from a multiplayer aspect. EXO survial I have yet to play, but if it's anything like previous implementations of it, I'll enjoy that too. The campaign was run of the mill, with predictable plot lines, but the addition of Kevin Spacey and implementation of exo suits somewhat make up for this. Right now, BAL needs a nerf, and the SMG's overall need a buff. The multiplayer connection could be better, but a pretty smooth launch nonetheless. I've only played 2 hours of multiplayer, but if my opinion changes so will my review. For now, I give this game a solid thumbs up. Keep it up Sledgehammer!"
,Not Recommended,209650,25141303,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,rPhobia,Not the best CoD game of course but still playable as a story game. Wouldn't recommend the multiplayer when there is BO II multiplayer .
,Not Recommended,209650,12867704,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,RToTheAPE,"If i wanted to play Halo as fast as Unreal Tournament...ide be playeing those games instead. What a waste of $65.51. Call of Duty is dead...OFFICIALLY. Full of bugs, lag, in campaigne the screen gets a static looking screen when looking in a specific direction or using anything electronic, multiplayer takes 45 mins or more to find a group-all playlists say ""No Games Found""- Constant disconnects from host when starting game, options/UI menu sucks♥♥♥♥♥ no dedicated servers. Dont buy this game Needs major patching...and the devs knew this when releasing it to use knowing that it was unplayable and full of bugs."
,Recommended,209650,12812655,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Leanman Speeder,"Game is amazing.It's something fresh and new from ghosts.Engine works great and the music isn't bad either. So I recommend everyone who is new to CoD or didn't like ghosts, or who wants to relax to buy this game."
76561198097755923,Recommended,209650,14033431,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NinjaTheDude,Nice you nailed it! sledge hammer
,Not Recommended,209650,23804561,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Me5dk - Ezwik [Я Русский],"Bought it because i am a big fan of Kevin Spacey, but i got bored 20 minutes into the game...so i did not even get to him... asked for a refund.gave it another chance...and i have uninstalled it,I mean there is no other mechanic other than seeing through walls granades and pointing and shooting... gets booring very quickly... double jumping is useless...as this is a corridor shooter."
76561197980406879,Recommended,209650,12854474,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kernel Panik,this is a good game be it as some lag do not let those hater how have not even play the game let u not buy it
,Recommended,209650,12838377,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,kpop is REAL,"Honestly, it's great for a Call of Duty game. The jetpacks do make the game a lot more fun, the maps definitely seem to take jetpacks into account, unfortunately none of the maps are crazy Quake/Unreal Tournament-esque maps, but it's a start. Minimal technical issues, by CoD standards it's great. Plus the PC port is good, with super-sampling and a highly detailed options menu.**Technical**I've had no technical issues here at 2 hours of both SP and MP. I have an i5 and AMD graphics card. The campaign's story is very ehh but CoD stories for a couple of years now have been ridiclous. The optimization is fine, but texture pop-in is a bit of a weird issue on MP maps where some wall textures will look really weird.**Campaign**Campaign story is weird, and it's not particularly great. Definitely not as good a story as Black Ops 1 or Modern Warfare.They still are doing the combat-less exposition-levels. Weirdly enough, they still have a ""shooting range"" part, but the shooting range is after the first level, where you've already been shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥up for awhile. The exposition really seems to get in the gameplay, even more than CoD typically does. The load times are pretty bad for campaign levels. Also, hope you weren't using the jetpack a lot, because the campaign alternates between either being able to use jetpack, and this other suit that is just riot-shield and bullet-time. (So, unless you REALLY liked the riot-shield parts in MW2, it'll get annoying) Honestly, it's not as fun a campaign as CoD tends to be.**Multiplayer**Everyone's got jetpacks, which definitely changes the dynamic. If you like Quake Live or Unreal Tournament, this makes it slightly closer to it. However, it's still Call of Duty multiplayer. I was always kind of ""eh"" on its multiplayer, but the jetpacks definitely have made me like the multiplayer more. They did a decent job taking into account jetpacks, as most maps have plenty of places to boost up to, but unlike Quake Live, you're probably not going to be competing for height advantage, sorry.Hate CoD? Don't buy it. Like it? Buy it. On the fence about the franchise i.e. mixed feelings? Buy it."
,Recommended,209650,12839886,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,INHUMAN ERECTIONS,"As a former CoD fanboy on consoles, I decided to pick up Activision's newest release on my new PC.  I had very high expectations due to the massive amount of hype leading up to release day.  When you first start playing multiplayer, you notice a faster paced gameplay which favors the ""run and gunners"" who use SMG's.  The new Exo Abilities allow for even more rushing.  With CoD being the game that it is, it tends to have a larger fan base on console.  Most gamers who play on PC are used to slower paced, strategical games like Arma and Company of Heroes.  To compare this game to something like that is unfair.  We need to take this game for what it is, a CoD game.  We expect a fast paced shooter with some to little strategy.  Most reviews here seem to think CoD became Arma all of a sudden.  If you are a fan of some of the older CoD's (CoD4, MW2, MW3, B01 & 2) chances are you will enjoy this game.  If you are used to slower paced games, then stay away.  A short 5-7 hour campaign filled with bad*** shoot 'em up moments and endless hours of online rushing are things you can find here.  In the end, I think it is unfair to give a game a negative review when comparing it to games that have nothing in common with it.  As for the problems with lag, I have not been affected."
,Not Recommended,209650,12821569,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,DarthOnaga,Horrible game. It's HALO with Call of Duty in the name. Uninstalling and applying for a refund.
76561198042342281,Recommended,209650,12882693,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Clouded Allegiance,"Why all the hate? Coming from a counter-strike community, I can say that this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast. I bought this game looking for a fun fast paced shooter, that is what I got. The reason I think that this game has so much hate is because of the name, Call of duty. Yes, I understand that there is no dedicated servers, but they may come soon and to me it does not matter really. So get over it people, this call of duty is actually good, a big step in the right direction. If you are looking for a fun time but not really a serious competitive shooter like CS:GO buy this game, no regrets."
,Recommended,209650,12844629,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Keweiler,Campaign 9/10Mulitiplayer 8.5/10
,Recommended,209650,13076525,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,XI|Joker,The BEST call of duty in THE WORLD!!!
76561197970285678,Recommended,209650,12866243,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Duke,Decent PC PortHas great potential just needs some minor fixingI enjoy it!
76561198092802767,Recommended,209650,28460400,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dr Dave,"I like it, very fun"
,Recommended,209650,12838141,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,2D,"Think of it as House of Cards, Season 3, Kevin Spacey is amazing, the main point of buying the game."
76561197999051926,Recommended,209650,13017116,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,warriordrew,Best COD title to date survival mode is way fun......Cant wait for DLC to come out
76561198137194930,Recommended,209650,12821035,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Reyalle,wtf... the last 4+ supply drops I've gotten in game it hasnt given to me... pls fix
76561198021298003,Not Recommended,209650,13850577,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Extreame Enigma,CALL OF DUTY ADVANCED WARFARE IS SUCK♥♥♥♥♥ITS MORE WORSE THAN GHOSTS THEY DIDNT CHANGE THE GAME AT ALL INFECET THEY RUIEND CALL OF DUTY FOR SURE THEY DONT KNOW HOW TO DO A GAME THAT FUN LIKE BLACK OPS 2
76561198063544800,Recommended,209650,13183357,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,OttomanJannisary,This game is Awsome.........
,Recommended,209650,14802233,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ZIGGY5214,This is a very addicting game i really like it and the AE4 Assault Rifle I RECOMMEND THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,209650,13628806,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Senti#9789,"No PS3 controller support and no one ever plays anymore. Still a nice game though, if you're looking for a singleplayer game."
76561198139183336,Recommended,209650,14301817,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MaxSlemmer,I was accepted into FaZe by getting a headshot with a sniper 10/10 -IGN- Needs more♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209650,22967261,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Hentai-Kun,"What about Advanced Warfare ?first of all, it is a great game, good balance, great movement system, love the guns.Singleplayer is AWesome, good history, great idea with MP rewards from SP.Zombies, sad to say, havent played it much but it is goodSupply drops, love them, to bad they didnt bring to let us buy Advanced  Supply drops on pc.all in all great game, to sad there is low player base atm, but havent seen much hackers the past month i have played now so thats good :Di would say buy the game if you want a great game, it will boost the players if alot buy the game and actualy play it, but yes i tottaly understand why people hate on it aswell, some says to future, some say the game mechanics, etc etc, some say because of exo suit, but we could atleast pick normal gameplay with exo or play orginal without exo.so why complain on the exo suit when u could pick how to play.all in all i enjoyed the game and i know players out there did aswell, i respect your reasons of the game either positive or negative and hope you respect my opinion of this review aswell.i have around 400 hours of gameplay so 9.8 hours are for the singleplayer :PThere is a soldier in all of us."
,Not Recommended,209650,12929197,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ZxLUKE NUKEMxZ,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !I knew COD games were bad but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is beyond a joke i only bought it my self to see if sledge hammer could turn it round but unforntunatley there are way too many cons and not enough pros for me to recommend , the campaign is not bad but un-skippable cut scenes get on my nerves aswell odd crashes just ruin the fun factor. multiplayer with exo suits makes the game feel like a dumb downed version of titanfall and doesnt match well , without them its more enjoyable but still has its massive balancing issuses. as the first assault rifle ( bal -27 )  and smg ( KF5 ) are sooo insanley OP not much else can really beat them in a fire fight.LMG 's are pointless soo much soo they should not be in the game and there is not much going for snipers either, thus online gameplay is riddle with the same players using the same guns on the same couple of maps very little variety all of which is what they were boasting their game on !  one nice feature to name is the supply drop which offers different varients of weapons that buff the stats of the gun whistle also implementing a penalty other than that this game is crap.3/10 better than ghost's , but there are many shooters out there that are far better and cheaper"
76561198152315533,Recommended,209650,12846208,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,tweek,RECOMMENDED
,Recommended,209650,12844835,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,TeMpErAti0N_IL,♥♥♥♥ THE HATERS LOVE THIS COD
,Recommended,209650,12853139,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,catty9,possibly the best call of duty ever!the story is amazing and tons of enemies to kill :)
76561198045145306,Not Recommended,209650,19378670,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Spicy Meat,"By the end of the campaign, I couldn't remember what the campaign was about because it was such a cluster♥♥♥♥ of destroy this kill him go here."
76561197964171643,Not Recommended,209650,14655156,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,*=IMA=*Beezer63,"This is the worst cod game ever just get a ps4 and play destiny and save your self from all the hackers in this pos game ,i would have been better off lighting the hundred dollars on fire ."
76561197998231236,Recommended,209650,12804179,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,kenundrum,"Great job by Sledghammer. It runs very smooth, and the controls are spot on. The graphics are amazing. I see people complaining about the graphics, and I have no idea why. If you like COD, or Titanfall, you will probably like this. I think it blows Titanfall away. Plus you can play with bots only if you wish on MP maps, which is a major plus for me.Good story in the SP, although at the time of this writting, the voices did not sink up in the cut scenes. A patch will fix this I am sure. I am having a blast with this game.The only major problem with the MP is you cannot hear your enemies footsteps. They can be funning full bore behind you, and you will have no clue. Enemies action seem to be muted. I hope they fix this. It is annoying."
,Recommended,209650,12804249,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cakebread666,Best COD since MW2
76561198095059841,Recommended,209650,13058690,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,tomkoto,very good game awesome
76561198010798358,Recommended,209650,12843612,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Weihnachtsmann,"Better than ghosts, maybe even on par with Black ops 2 but in it's own way. Needs more players, and maybe a little more Pc support.I don't play campaign. ♥♥♥♥ it."
,Recommended,209650,12858618,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Evie,Really fun and fast peace... :) Run smooth with no frame drops. (for me)
76561198089667034,Not Recommended,209650,14095610,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,julek.89 (Busy with gf <3),welcome to call of duty advanced crap.hnd ere your game keeps crashing and u cant play multiplayer.you need to wait ages before u load a lobby and it always kicks u out.wanna waste your money?well here u go this is a perfect game for wasting money.btw valve u better fix this crap or just give me my 99.99$ back
76561198062665743,Not Recommended,209650,31338138,Posted: 24 April,all,GameFace_GTX,The campiaign is really fun and has a good story but the multiplayer not only got boring but very stupid and nothing like a real Call of Duty. If it's on sale i would get it just for the single plater modes.
76561198084723427,Recommended,209650,14194236,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,StarNate,1st good COD in a long time
,Recommended,209650,12811421,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bubba,Honestly im making this  review to hopefully balance out the haters ONLY hating because of dedicated servers.
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,209650,13572157,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"THE GAME IS DEAD. Played a lot. But it's dead. ESPECIALLY Ranked matches.UPDATE: The game is SO DEAD that they introduced a Game Mode called ""MOSH PIT"":Mosh Pit is a MIX MODE of ALL game modes. In other words, if Teamdeathmatch is so DEAD that you can't find enough players to start a match, you take some from CTF or Hardpoint or something.They even force Mosh Pit upon players, using the ""Daily Challenge"". A daily changing challenge where you get extra XP for doing something. And HALF THE TIME the Challenge is:""Do XY in Game Mode Mosh Pit""Like ""Get 10 Kills with SMG in Mosh pit"" or something. The game mode almost always is Mosh Pit where you have to do something.And again: THE ONLY REASON TO CREATE A GAME MODE THAT MIXES ALL GAME MODES IS WHEN THE GAME MODE ON ITS OWN (SAY TDM) IS _SO_DEAD_ THAT YOU CAN'T FIND ENOUGH PLAYERS TO START A MATCH AND NEED TO MERGE PLAYERS CROSS-GAMEMODE.Anyone owning a game and disagreeing with me: Click ""Ranked Play"" - The mode with best exclusive loot and E-Sport Rules. It's so damned dead, if you get into a match below 3 minutes of waiting time, you are LUCKY!Last edit here: I'm back to BF4 for the holidays - they have double XP the whole christmas until new year. See you there."
,Not Recommended,209650,14609595,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Oh là là,this game crashed more times than planes in Bermuda Triangle.
,Recommended,209650,12894784,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zach,10/10 its not ghosts
76561197971518374,Not Recommended,209650,14594842,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Rikku,just another cod game just a bit different...
76561198090304443,Not Recommended,209650,24018021,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Master V Envy,The online multiplayer doesn't even work so dont buy it.the only thing able to play is solo zombies and solo exo survival.and the campaign has no replay value.all in all its the most useless buy i did on steam. and they won't even refund it.
,Not Recommended,209650,25371123,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,sgtrecker78{Sybr & TDMC},First and only call of duty game I will ever play.
,Recommended,209650,13116009,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,HollyWood14181,"The best Call of Duty game ever! I love the future stuff and especially combat in multiplayer. The campaign was great, it was like a movie actually. I haven't seen any bugs or hackers, except a few crashes but thats alright. No game is pefect."
,Recommended,209650,12911195,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,utengineer,"Excellent refresh to COD series.  I love the Exo jumping mechanics in Multi-Player.  Adding the verticle movements really ups the intensity in MP.   Getting a kill while battling someone in mid-air is thrilling and gives you that ""I just owned you"" feeling.  I think the die-hard COD players that have done really well in previous COD games will have to up their skills and learn to fight with the Exo movements.  This game has the same feel as Unreal Tournament, and that game was a gmae that dominated the MP industry for a while!"
,Recommended,209650,14576393,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Soviet | Getting new PC cant pla,This game has great graphics and intence gun's to battle with. However i don't like the exo-suit systems i think they wreck the some gameplay experience on multiplayer itself. Another thing i don't like is that people are hacking very annoying thing.Apart from my opinions on this game i give this game a 8/10Great
76561198174401058,Recommended,209650,14579532,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,PePe,"i dont like how i shift and tab and the fact that i ""dont have enough ram"" but i do like all the guns, rankings, and the maps ect.i do recemmend this game to others!TRY SOMETHING NEW"
76561198063539698,Not Recommended,209650,31388121,Posted: 26 April,all,I'M THE CooK NOW,I rate it 10/10 Cant get refuned even can play the game and no one plays mp anymore lol what dont get this game.
76561198136348231,Not Recommended,209650,15144480,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,GL9106[Now with New HDD!(yay)],Never be grate
76561198086868722,Recommended,209650,13186701,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,tsunami,"i recomend this to people who like cod alot multiplayer i havent tried but i love story's in games, i loved some of it and other bits made the game fun and at times frustrating, as cod games are and well good experence to play and enjoy. it's a game of it's own and does not really have to follow along in warfare 1-2-3 but it is fun um don't get it cus it was on the news though and the advert made it look better than it is, as always!"
,Recommended,209650,12759331,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,УБИЙЦЫ,"Мне игра понравилась, конечно долгая прогрузка текстур в начале игры, но геймплей позваляет этого не замечать т.к все происходит очень быстро. Физика, графика все есть. Мультиплеер понравился. В общем игра прикольная. Прошел одиночную игру, такого сюжета не в одном CoD не видел. Хочеться узнать что будет дальше поэтому и прохходишь игру, конечно жалко что всего 7 часов прохождения, но они того стоят. Графика шедевральна, Battlefiield с ней не сравниться!"
,Recommended,209650,12820637,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dérak,"This game deserves more than to be calledCall of Duty.I bought this game before looking at reviews, which I did afterwardsand I got really skeptical on my purchase because it was essentiallyjust negative review after negative review.I started the game, not knowing what to expect. Some reskins, maybe?The menu itself is absolutely gorgeous and at the same time not overkill.I was in love with this already, I didn't even care how♥♥♥♥♥♥the actual gamemight end up being, I just wanted that menu to be in every other game.As for actually playing, you can clearly tell several teams have beeninvolved. It starts off by blowing your mind to atoms and silly string, andthen proceeds to blow  it a little more just for good measure. About 30minutes later, though, you can tell it wasn't the same team as a lot ofglitches started popping up, especially at the stealth parts. These bugsweren't just occasionally, they were easily reproduced and almostunavoidable entirely. I was losing faith at this point as it seemed to justget worse, but then I was blown away by the next mission right after theone I would nominate as the worst. It was beautifully crafted without takingaway any of the gameplay. From here and on, it's just glorious. The first10 seconds you spend in a mech are beyond words, out of this world.It feels truely epic to wield a chaingun on your arm, and spew lead atpeople who has spent a few hours being a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with their ownoverpowered armor.The charachter design is fantastic. There's really not much to say about itbesides that.We all know that First-Person Shooters generally have a cluster of HUDelements. Not this game. It visually shows you where to go, and that'sit. Everything else is attached to your arms or guns, and only shownwhen you need it. It creates this beautifully, nearly seamless transitionbetween cutscenes/loadingscreens, and the actual gameplay. It'sjust perfectly executed.The grenades I have to mention are really wonky due to not reallyobeying tradtional Call of Duty grenades (these home on your targets)but thankfully you don't have to use them much, and when you do youwon't have much trouble as you'll probably be behind cover anyhow.It is worth mentioning that the new movement mechanics are nice, butalso not something I recommend to new gamers. It can give you somebad habits that might translate into other games.Edit: I've been asked to elaborate as to what I mean with bad habits:For example, you can tab A or D to dash in either direction, doging.You can also jump, and then sprint for a forward boost. You get usedto these things, and they become muscle memory. I tried to boost inMinecraft right after playing this game. That was a weird moment.Take a look at the reviews on this game, man. It's pathetic.If this didn't haveCall of Dutyslapped on it, that wholesection would be full of awesome reviews.'ASUS OC'Nvidia GTX 7802GB (at stock clock speeds)Intel i7 860@ 2.80GHz (hyper-threaded 8 cores, 4 physical)8GB of RAM(aprox. 5-6 were used, 7 at peak)Samsung SSD at 100GBA review of theSingle Player Campaign.The multiplayer is pure garbage."
,Recommended,209650,12827359,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Danny Phantom,"There is:Guns!Explosions!Betrayal!And Kevin Spacey.I really enjoyed singleplayer, when I was able to play it. Thoes 5 minute cutscenes are just ridiculous. Completely takes you out of the game. You can't pause or skip during these even if you are doing a second playthrough. And not only that, but the cutscenes lag a bit as well. Overall, it was a really strong campaign, and instead of your typical 2-3 playable characters through the game you play as one. The secondary characters are decent, a few feel generic and typically what you would expect from them. As in they will tell you to throw grenades, do objectives etc. etc. But for the most part the story was satisfying and well worth it.Multiplayer.Yikes. I get that it's the first week and what not. And no game that I have played is perfect in the first while. BUT, it is very fun and Optimized to my liking. I have a GTX 560 Ti at the moment and the game is very friendly to it, however there are no dedicated servers. Ping is bouncing everywhere and it can make the multiplayer experience a mess. If something like this were to be added, it would be a different story. I do enjoy the multiplayer alot, do not get me wrong the maps are good, and the exosuit in multiplayer makes this game a blast to play, if the exosuit isn't to you liking, there are playlists without it.Again with the loading though, I sit there for maybe 2 mintues sometimes waiting for the screen to throw me in the game. Thats IF it does. Other times it will throw me back into the multiplayer lobby. But again, that happens so little it doesn't bother me.Exo survival.It is just how it sounds. You wear the suit. They wear the suit. It's survival with suits. It's very fun to play, and seeing an enemy AST makes me crap my pants. it's a 4 player Co-op survival mode, where everyone can try to team up or get so lost in the action you are all on seperate sides of the map. There are mini objectives so you can get drops in between and during rounds for better gear to get rid of enemies. Overall, very fun!Do I recommend this? Absolutely. YES, it has flaws. It's up to you if you want to go through with them or not, but I find the game too enjoyable to really notice them. I get too caught up in the game itself to care.Great graphics, sounds story, missions, multiplayer, And co-op. Many things to do in this game.negatives, lack of dedicated servers. Multiplayer is capped at 90 FPS, but that doesn't bother me. And long loading screens. Other than that, one hell of a game."
76561198143621753,Recommended,209650,13010068,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Rolloden,great step up
,Recommended,209650,12822352,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,hella cl0ut,"This is a big improvement over some of the other COD titles.  This was my first COD launch on PC, used to be an xbox gamer, and i knew about the Ghosts optimization, but this game is really well optimized.  The only issue I encountered was lots of lag and thats really it.  Im already Prestige 1!My specs:I7 4770k 3.5 GHz8 GB RAMGTX 760 2 GB"
76561198108916323,Recommended,209650,12810789,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Moist_Sushi,The loot system is really good and it plays really well. Alot like titanfall but it's a completely new game.
76561197962324468,Not Recommended,209650,26155342,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Crispy,"This game is so hard to run. It won't even run smooth on medium graphics settings and this is what I have in my PC:Intel i5 quad core 6600k 3.9 processorAsus 170-P motherboard32 gigabyte RipJaw RamMSI GTX 950 Afterburner Graphics CardCrucial 275 Gigabyte SSD (Solid State Drive)And it still won""t run smooth!!! DON'T BUY!!!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12807796,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Captanfox LundstrØm,KASIYOR AMK OYUNU KASIYOR
76561198078090701,Recommended,209650,13080003,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,HortoniusMaximus,"Right then, let's clear some stuff up.The servers are a bit dodgy occasionally but when you do get into a lobby, which is most of the time btw,  the gameplay is great. And no, there aren't actually any more hackers than you'd expect from a new CoD game. There's just scrubs who are complaining because their KD is dropping below 1. Plus, a couple of the guns are a little overpowered but that can be fixed in a patch anyway, and by the time you've read this it probably will have already!The Exo-Survival is a great addition and Sledgehammer have done a great job at stopping sweaty campers by adding objectives to complete, not just mindless wave after wave of samey bad guys. The campaign is short but very engaging, not to mention absoloutely stunning graphically. For those who are complaining about framerate issues: you should have checked out the minimum specs because it runs fine on my PC along with several friends, none of whom have monster gaming rigs.So basically, it's a great game and most of those who are complaining are just slating CoD because they're salty Battlefield fans.Besides, it can't  be worse than Ghosts can it?"
,Recommended,209650,12841095,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DYNAMIX_,"Advanced Warfare [MP] is the hardest CoD i've ever played. The enemies always appear behind you and move so fast because of the Exo-Abilities. Yes, AW is a skill-based CoD now but games are made to be fun and i don't have fun with AW atm. :/I will give this game a thumb up because the story is awesome and i like the graphics :)"
76561198219828259,Not Recommended,209650,23815170,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tommylt98,"people buy a game just for multiplayer, instead of playing campain. Nobody play online and then realize u just threw 59.99$ in the trash can"
,Recommended,209650,12812716,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sins,"GAME IS SOOO FUN AND AWEOSME! The only thing that can ruin it and is ruining it atm, is lag issues..FIX this and this game will be the new COD4/BO28.5/10"
,Recommended,209650,15810343,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,...,You down with COD (Yeah you know me) 3XWho's down with COD (Every last homie)You down with Kevin Spacey (Yeah you know me) 3XWho's down with Kevin Spacey (All the homies)
,Not Recommended,209650,23688090,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Slajden,Worst call of duty game ever in the series. 0/10
,Recommended,209650,12833838,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The Creed,"Honestly, best Call of Duty sens Modern warfare one. It plays just like all the COD's, but with a whole new element that changes it from your normal COD to a diffrent game all together. Single player was breath takeing and in depth i loved every moment of it.Multiplayer: It has its issues, but it just came out in a week or so all the major bugs will be rubbed out, other then that. This has to be the best multiplayer FPS sens COD 4.I would say more but there is no need other people have covered it, I vote BUY IT!(sorry for spelling)"
76561198033133255,Recommended,209650,13012649,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TheZohan,"very fast gameplay, great graphics, go get this game"
,Recommended,209650,12825870,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Frostytsb,"TL;DR Game's fun (multiplayer wise) except for the unbearable lag issues happening right now, there's a semi-fix to it though but at the moment wait for a patch for the multiplayer portion, single player wise, i havent played yet, i will updtae this as soon as i do!so, a new year, a new CoD, at first i found myself making fun of this title, expceting the same old cookie-cutter pattern of a Call of Duty game, especially after the slow motion car crash Ghosts was (i didn't even pay for it at full price and i regreted its purchase). so typicly, the game was low on my radar of releases but after i saw all the positivity surrounding this title i decided to pick it up and go in with an open mind and hell am i glad I did. this game is just what the Franchise needed, a breath of fresh air.Now, most of this review is about the Multiplayer, since for most players its the meat of the game but i will get around to playing the single player and review that as soon as i can.Anyways,  you may be asking what makes this title so unique compaired to other games in the CoD Franchise, well thats the addition of the newest mechanic in the series, the EXO. the exo is basicly an exo skeleton that grants the user with the ability to double jump and straif in all directions. aswell as the adition of the new energy/futuristic guns like a shotgun that uses energy instead of buckshot or a railgun sniper, which add a cool differation in guns. they also kept guns that use bullets in but thoes are boring, except the one that prints ammo into the mag, thats pretty cool. while the addition of new weapons inst really gonna change gameplay, the exo will, with the exo abilities and the exo launcher which let you do things like cloak for a bit or hover or even allow you to spot enemies behind walls. also the exos ability to jump farther and straif can turn a battle in anyones favor. the new verticality of the game makes it a blast to double jump onto a platform and straif enemy shots, it's no longer a battle of who spots who earlier, its a battle of skill and who can spam space bar faster. while there are some major flaws with the serevres *ahem*peer to peer no dedicated *choke*, i'm pretty sure sledgehammer will be patching that in the next few days (fingers crossed).as for the single player, i havent played it yet! but i will soon hopefullyfinal verdict? Pick it up if you wanna play single player, but be cautious with multiplayerif you wanna pick it up for exclusivly Multiplayer, wait a bit"
,Recommended,209650,12846192,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,KiritoBurrito,BEST GAME EVER1!!!!! OMGGGGG IM LEVEL 35 AND I PLAY IT NONE STOP :) Good Job
76561197972192954,Recommended,209650,12824149,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Raptor101,"Nicely Done, Great Graphics"
,Not Recommended,209650,13105245,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Pat Fenis,"7860x1600 looks like garbage because of the locked FOV. The default FOV is set to 65 which makes any widescreen gaming resolution look horrible, it IS unplayable. The downloadable FOV solution on Steam forums no longer works. If it did have a decent FOV, the FPS seems to fluctuate between 45-65 fps with my x2 Titan Black SLI, Intel x5960 @ 4ghz, so it would be playable. Devs, PC gamers want OPTIONS. What options? EVERY CONCEIVABLE OPTION.Hey game devs, respect the PC community before the more lucrative Console community for this one reason...we're already sitting in front of a computer, we'll just open up a tab a write a horrible review, then share it on social networks, before the fat drooling console kid ever figures out how to turn their e-machines/dell/acer/hp/insert crap computer manufacturer here/alienware/Lenovo  on. That requires the COO, CMO, and the CIO to simply do their jobs, or whatever little kid pretending to be an exec...which wait...that's probably the reason behind the craptastic port job. exaaaactly.There have been several instances where the game doesn't trigger action points needed in order to proceed through the game. The UI is indicating that I should ""Activate"" but pressing the required key does not render a response. How I tested that this was in fact not a personal hardware or software issue was simple...I plugged my PC Xbox USB remote in and voila, the game now allows me to continue by using a controller. I haven't even made it out of the beginning tutorial and there have been several times where I have had to either restart the game in order to get to the point I am at now, or plug in the remote. While I could easily continue playing this way, I don't believe as a customer who paid $70-90 (I bought the season pass or DLC addition as well) that I should have to be inconvienced when I bought this game to play when I would like to RELAX.I have decided to not play the game until a few months pass and a few more patches come out. Because it is such a pathetic port and there are too many buggy issues and the nazi control over the FOV (in SP), I can't recommend this game at this moment and i would advise you that if you're on a high end PC with a multiple display setup, hold off on buying this game. Finish your other 5000000 steam games you've purhcased but haven't played yet, and wait for positive results on Google for the longtail keyword search ""Call of duty FOV fix"".PS: All the NPCs in game seems to have a plastic condom looking layer wrapped over them that is visible when they move at certain angles, I'm not sure why. I hope it's not intentional. That is not an exageration or an embelishment. I'll upload screenshots.Graphics: (1-10) = 8Gameplay = 9Buggyness: 10 (unplayable)"
,Recommended,209650,12804221,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NODER BAROSH,"This game is amazing. I played Call of Duty since CoD 4, and I have to say, this is my new favorite Call of Duty.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare introducing a new, and exciting content, amazing singleplayer and multiplayer gameplay, epic weapons.It is a unique game.People: ""Ah Call of Duty never changes do something already!!""Devs: *brings new exciting fun and interesting concept*People: ""Call of Duty changed!! too much!""Come on people, this is nothing like old call of dutys but the fast of the multiplayer. This one is even faster.People who say differently, either new Call of Duty players, or just losers."
,Recommended,209650,12820881,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,💀 N E C R 0 💀,"Divekicked a sniper in the head 10/10Serious review; The game is really fun. I have a pretty sub-optimal PC and it runs fine (although I am using an NVIDIA card and Intel CPU). The problems I can list are that the P2P networking makes for some laggy matches, and not enough people play the fun modes that most utilize the new exo-movement capabilities like CTF and Uplink. If they add dedicated servers and patch the game up a bit I think more people will realize this is actually a great CoD game made fresh with the new abilities and faster paced combat.Pros:- Fast paced Multiplayer with varied play styles- Beautiful graphics (if you have the specs)- Solo campaign one of the best I've experienced in a CoD game; very cinematic and interactive- The ""Supply Drop"" feature keeps you feeling rewarded- Lots of customization but keeps the game balanced by having trade-offs for certain perks/abilities (e.g. if you want to take 3 attachments on a weapon you have to sacrifice a grenade/perk/secondary)Cons:- Multiplayer P2P might turn some people off because you WILL experience laggy matches from time to time- Is very CPU/GPU intensive. If you do not meet the Minimum Requirements you shouldn't expect a good time.- Not enough people playing the Objective modes like CTF and Hardpoint (King of the Hill)"
,Recommended,209650,12815296,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ゴーストドッグ,"I like it,"
,Recommended,209650,12991155,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,NovaKane FTW,Pros:Actually.. Kinda Fun.Moar OPTIMIZEDNOT GHOSTS.Vertical Gameplay Introduced Makes You Check YO CORNERS AND ANGLES / Surroundings.Cons:Feels Like  Halo  With The Exo'sWay They Advertised Zombies Had Me Pretty Pissy.Feels Like MW3 & Black Ops II  Made A Baby. And It's Half ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. ( Launch Bug Joke )FINAL THOUGHT:  Just Buy It. Campaign Only 3 Levels  ...Maybe 4..Yes..4 Levels In.  I'm Digging It.MP Is Solid..Fast Pace.   See Yuh In 3 Years. :D
,Recommended,209650,13353702,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,er0ck,10/10 This is the future of FPS
,Not Recommended,209650,20622508,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,✠ NicoKuroKusagi,Only for MLG Jumping and Sliding pros.. Go play BO2 its better.
,Not Recommended,209650,12874543,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cartof,"Very bad PC port, better than Ghosts but almost unplayable with less than 4 (four) gb video ram.The netcode is one of the worst ever put in a multiplayer game, it's almost impossible to connect to their Online Services and almost all games are very very very laggy.Also hackers seem to come as a usual CoD feature with wallhacking and aimbotting once in a while.Don't buy this unless is cheaper than 10 usd or the lazy developers fix the mess of this game."
,Recommended,209650,12838349,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,monochrome,"I just finished the Campaign, and granted I haven't adventured into the MP yet, but the SP was great.  Good graphics, dope weapons and overall not as stale as Ghosts.  I leaft the COD family after MW2 and moved towards better things (BF) and was skeptical about Advanced Warfare, however it suprisingly was entertaining.  We'll see if I end up editing this review after I mess with MP.  For the Campaign I would def recommend it."
76561197987581723,Recommended,209650,12824179,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Xeon,"It is a good game, I like it very much 10/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,209650,29462709,Posted: 24 January,all,Irish Creem,Pretty much sucked butts. Do not recommend.
,Not Recommended,209650,25340660,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sn413per,"Advanced warfare, why why in the duckin world are your exo suit so bad. It's like playing cod but as a fishing bunny on soft drink and while being on the smallest bit of land to fight on. Yay for bunny hoping/ gun fights on a 5m by 5m island."
,Not Recommended,209650,23191211,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,IdanMx,Oh wait I forgot to review this amazing ♥♥♥♥ing ga.... jk this game can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥and even if it was the best blow of my life I wont download this♥♥♥♥♥♥again.10/10 would rate again
,Recommended,209650,15672433,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,♡Animuulover♡,"If you buy this, it has lots of compliments added:1) masturbating 4 year olds2) gay lag3) some random jetpack on your back4) a 69 hour server searching engineand finally5) a link to gay porn"
76561198078528716,Recommended,209650,13005966,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Robinosch,Nice
,Recommended,209650,12804561,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,fetto,i make the single player than less than 7.1 hours cuz my computer was on and its done i love the story i dont want too spoil it :D
76561198046675266,Recommended,209650,17448430,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Dustin,"A spin-off to the Modern Warfare series, and honestly... probably one of the best Call of Duty games I've ever played!The action, cinematics, characters and story are so addicting, it plays just like the original MW games but better!New weapons and gadgets, exo-suits that offer different abilities, open range interactive environments when playing, the whole works, very impressive!Now of course they make your best teammate (Gideon) sound and look just like Captain ($) Price, and the leader of your future army an exact replica of Kevin Spacey (Irons). But this game is super exciting and fun to the end!10/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,14598910,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,treefroggy10 idolizer,hurhuhruhur... We need to make money. Why don't we add kevin spacey and to make the campaign look longer we will make it where you cant skip cutscenes. No one will care anyway.LATER ON...Dang! We havent been getting many preorders... Any plans? HURHURHUR LATS ADD THE GAEM TO TEH LAST GEN CINSILS EVEN THO DER GRAPHUCS DONT FIT THE REQUIRMENTS HURHRHUR. GOOOD IDEA!EVEN LATER...Wow! Were making way more preorders. I bet no one will notice.AFTER THE RELEASE...Everyone wants zombies. But after treyarch left we cant do it.. LETS NAME EVERYTHING DIFFERENT AND MAKE IT $50 TO PLAY ONE MAP. We also have to say that were working on deicated servers while were rubbing our faces in a bubblebath of cash.NEVER. BUY. THIS. GAME.CALL FOR MONEY SIMPLE NOOBFARE
76561198060880822,Not Recommended,209650,29432295,Posted: 22 January,all,supercraniu,It's a crashing fest!
76561198004811566,Recommended,209650,12832975,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,=TRA=Punjabi!!®︻芫═一,after long time they did some good changes....game look pretty cool fun to play...
,Recommended,209650,23717167,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ЭЩКЕРЕ,This game is the video game version of the holocaust.10/10 - Hitler's Grandson
,Recommended,209650,13113153,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Snort Cannon,"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is the new installment in the multi billion dollar franchise. But after the mess that was Ghosts will you want to play this game ? In Call of Duty Advanced Warfare you play as Jack Mitchell. After you join the army with youre friend Will you get sent into South Korea to help them fight North Korea, After an accident with explosive charges youre best friend dies and you lose an arm. After the funeral you meet Jonathan Irons the father of Will who offers you another chance to work for his private militray corparation Atlas. Jonathan sets you up with a prosthetic arm and you get new squad mates and youre main objective is to fight a terrorist group leader by the name of Hades. But there are twists and turns which i dont want to spoil in this review. So how is the game ? This is the best Call of Duty that came out in ages and without a doubt is worth the asking price. The gameplay is what you know but now its on a whole new level and the game is without a doubt alot of fun. Even though the story is kinda meh. The gameplay is smooth and faced paced and thats because of youre new abilities provided to you by youre exo suit which lets you double jump and use incredible strengh to fight youre enemies. The game has a few issues. The game stutters alot when theres alot on the screen and it might get annoying. A few minor bugs. But now for the main reason you might buy a Call  of Duty game. The multiplayer. The Multiplayer has a ton of issues at the moment but alot of it can get fixed in no time. Biggest problem is there are no dedicated servers so thats already a big minus. Alot of connection issues and of course the biggest problem hackers. But for these issues i wont give this game a negative review because the game is alot of fun and definetly worth the full price. I give Call of Duty Advanced Warfare a 8/10"
,Recommended,209650,14785233,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,gemineye,"I can truly say, this game is absolutely phenomenal. I spent $90 dollars to play a game with my friend, and I can't even access the servers, I would recommend playing this game because it gives you time to bond with your friends and not have fun at all! Best Game 10/10"
,Recommended,209650,14066137,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BOI,9/11 - IGN
,Recommended,209650,12841206,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,VeMeLoN,"Best CoD so far, right after the MW's."
,Not Recommended,209650,13324603,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Morty,♥♥♥♥ this. IT was a scam because it keeps shutting down non-stop WHEN I AM PLAYING CAnT EVEN PlaY IT!
76561198082736200,Not Recommended,209650,12803517,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,de penetrerende oma aka Raikov,worst game ever
,Recommended,209650,12812863,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Old Kate,"Super narrow 65 FOV in singleplayer. I hope you don't get motion sickness easily.P2p servers in multiplayer. I hope you've got a high BS toleranace cuz you're gonna need all of it thanks to the lag comp net code.I highly recommend this game if you're super desperate for a multiplayer fps, and you're tried of everything else currently out there."
,Recommended,209650,12798070,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Arxy,I actually cant stop playing this one and I usually get bored with CoD in 1 day. Very well optimized for PC unlike ghosts.
,Recommended,209650,12965567,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,KANG0211,พูดถึงในเรื่องเนื้อเรื่อง ทำออกมาได้น่าติดตามไม่ผิดหวังกับเนื้อเรื่องเลย ในส่วนของเกมส์เพลย์มีลูกเล่นต่างๆเข้ามามากมายทำให้มีความตื่นเต้นและแปลกใหม่มากขึ้น และตัวเกมส์ที่ไม่ได้กินเสปคมากกว่าที่คิด สาวก cod ไม่ควรพลาด
,Recommended,209650,12870815,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,Better than Ghosts BY FAR. Well optimized (if you have a medium-high end PC) Worth buying if you're a fan. Preferable while on sale.
76561197991242723,Recommended,209650,12796925,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,gooseVPC,Some stupid @#$&%@ killed me.8/10
76561198090717816,Not Recommended,209650,15627026,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MPOfficial,No more.
76561197968323212,Recommended,209650,15626643,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,WOOLLARD,do i now have exo zombies
,Recommended,209650,12853198,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,dogrunes,"M-MUHH PRIVATE SERVERSGet over it, even when the other games had them nobody ever used them."
76561198070668940,Recommended,209650,15627390,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,PeePoh,goud
76561198126661364,Recommended,209650,15627965,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Fat,jumping and stuff...
76561198019640031,Recommended,209650,23727239,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zerno_the_wolf,pobably one of THE BEST GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED1. you look epic with cool armour2. new and EPIC GUNZ3. epic sights for your EPIC GUNZ4. very good gameplayPOWER CHANGES EVERYTHING}}]]//
76561198150520910,Not Recommended,209650,14584234,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,$wagzilla6969,this is a good game... but it lags way to much I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!
,Recommended,209650,13024576,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TheBonezKat,"Lol look at al lthe autstim in this comment section,autstic complaint: ""im laging omg bad game down vote peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;solotion: Get a better ♥♥♥♥ing internet connectionAutstic complaint: My fps drops bad game omg lolololololSolotion: get a better computer inbreed stop playing on a tosterAutstic complaint: OMG CAMPERS WTF lolololololololSolotion: Threat nade,uav,exo ping get better at the game inbreedthis game could use more maps however and zombies. otherwise its a good game and iv been playing it sense launch, don't let the massive ♥♥♥♥♥ vergins below turn you away from the game.Things it could use: Better done class system i would love to see some of the ablitys from campain get used in zombies or exo survivel, i want my sonics and grapleing hook :pit could also use more knife options futureistic balistics knifes come to mind."
,Recommended,209650,14548779,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Suggs,welcome to battlefield of halo:Advanced Warfare It's Cod like you have seen it before
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,209650,12919957,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Conspiracy Theory,"RE-EDITED Feb 2017.After 10+ years buying CoD games....I WILL NEVER EVER BUY ANOTHER CoD GAME EVER.Game is Incapable of being played now.Cannot get a game going with someone close by. Tried the usual fixes; butERROR MESSAGE AGAIN & AGAIN""too many weapons 670 error""......means its been updated to become a brown floater.No Probs... Get some great online games with my bro in STAR WARS: BATTLEFRONT.Their Devs didnt ♥♥♥♥ that up Like Activision did this.EDITED2016Great game sent to the trash-can by the Developers.........Due to them Not sorting out matchmaking. I can barely EVER get a damn game online... ever. I maybe get one game every 6-months and 400 attempts at trying..(Still recommend it due to the actual game itself only...)OLD REVIEW(Shortly after the game came out)...+++Call of Duty: Modern Warfare came out today, November 12th 2014 in Japan.First off; let me say that if this game was not on Steam, I would not have bought it.However; as it was both Sledgehammer GameCrew and Steam who brought me here; I have to say they made a darn fine effort; more particularly Sledgehammer coders and their bankers; of course.If you have a Haswell i7 PC with a GTX 780 then you are among the Criminally Insane if you do not buy this game.As for me; I already had a $1200 Sound system ready to rattle the fillings in my teeth with the massive soundsetup this also has.Titanfall has had some great updates; but this game is sprinting straight off the blocks. And I am luvvin every second of it.I really am thinking of looking at a GTX 980 for the absolute best experience though; such is the level of graphical capacity available on tap.Need wife and tissues during gameplay. Ah; and as if my magic, here she comes with my medicine and cocoa. She has that sexy look in her eye; but I just need another shot in game."
,Not Recommended,209650,26133294,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Johashes csgoroll.com,bad
76561198069811261,Recommended,209650,12839583,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Malnutrition,"Mindblowingly sharp 720p textures along with a blistering capped framerate of 70 frames per second. This game is for that loved one who always strives for epic 65 fov shooters that utilize engines older than the average high school freshman. I give this game a final score of 20 out of 10, because the overall is so good, I just happened to break the grading criteria. I highly recommend if you enjoy activities like; Playing Titanfall reskins, throwing away money, or playing the same game as you did for the last decade, only with shinier guns. All in all this game is a beautiful work of art, and the pinnacle of gaming in the year 2015.  ( ͝סּ ͜ʖ͡סּ)"
76561198096211822,Recommended,209650,12798057,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,TGBx Armageddon,The gameplay is new and exciting yet still has that Call of Duty feel. I surprisingly love this game and I think it is worth every penny
76561197996632596,Not Recommended,209650,13598828,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dragnak,i have to play it on low on fx6300 and hd7850....
,Recommended,209650,18222176,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Chris Columbo,"Obscure, but this is charming. This game is not for weak-willed as it is hard to understand. Forgotten, underrated gem."
76561198055048572,Recommended,209650,12801506,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MDT_KinKin,"its been a long time since I last played COD series and I stopped playing COD series for a certain reason, first of all the previous series does not really suit my style of playing and its lack of certain mechanics which makes me bored easily, but when I start again buying the advanced warfare it totally blown out my mind and this series is totally epic and I suggest to anyone that want a new and freshly made games, you will not wasted your money if you buy this game. I totally agree with this game."
,Recommended,209650,13690633,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jon snow,it is good game multiplayer is fine and exo is good but some weapons in multiplayer are a bit overpowerdbut singleplayer is awesome i recommend it but if you dont like overpowerd weapons in multiplayer dont buy it
,Recommended,209650,12802173,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,cyberpepe,bretty gud. and i hate COD but this one is good. MP is real fun with the exo suit.
,Recommended,209650,12802421,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sieg Roblox,Bish123
,Recommended,209650,12801136,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Apexgun,"Having fun, makes a difference to what ghosts was, performance is great the PC port has very little to moan about."
,Recommended,209650,12830081,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sheckles| краб,It makes a old call of duty player like me want to play. I stopped playing call of duty after Black ops 1 and boy. is this good. i personally LOVE it. having played most of the other call of dutys you should give it a spin. Update your drivers before playing and always check temperatutes! Dont need a Computer meltdown!Happy Hunting
,Recommended,209650,12798671,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Cereal.Cat (●—●),"Wanna skip school / work? Go play campaign mode with high quality and get a guaranteed motion sickness by the end of 1 mission. Other than that, much bouncy bouncy smack smack in multiplayer, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bunny jumping teammates and titanfall wannabes. 9/10 + 1 for Kevin Spacey."
,Recommended,209650,12796777,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mojo Risin,I love personalities in each game. I felt that personality in the MW2 characters. After MW2 none of the COD games didn't give me what I want. Until this game. I felt again that personality in our main character. Definetly it's not the game of the year. But it's pretty good. Actually very good after that Ghosts♥♥♥♥♥♥ And graphics. It's next gen. But not have the best graphics. But not bad. Though graphics are 100% better than Ghosts. Buy it or if you haven't money then download it  by using illegal way (I'm sure Activision got a lot of money) and see that if you will work hard on the game then you can make good stories even in FPS genre. And yeah Kevin Spacey is god.Didn't try multiplayer yet. After trying it I will update my review and my score too.For now: 80/100
76561198065306478,Recommended,209650,12847908,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,caLypso,i love this game
,Recommended,209650,12797891,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,HeatCliff,"This game is Awesomereccomended to all my friend buying this gamebut make sure you can run it,or your PC will getting overheat"
76561198018388232,Recommended,209650,12797323,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,lllLegion,"a good amount if  options in the graphic setting, and the single player had good mechanics and a  good story despite the weak ending. (also kevin spacey)multiplayer is fun, but laggs every now and then, dedicated servers would help a lot.not perfect, perhaps not worth full price, but is worth getting during a sale."
,Recommended,209650,12798183,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gittons,"one of the best CODs in years, the single player does things a little differently and is very enjoyable,the multiplayer, the meat is better than ever, with full character customization and unlockable clothing bits and weapons ragining from sonic shotguns to energy cannons how can you not love it,the main change, the exo suit allows for mid air boosts, double jumps and other movement based abilties that only enhaunce the run gun fun that is COD.worth the full price and has renewed my dead faith in the COD series, here is hoping to more CODs like this one."
,Recommended,209650,12797735,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Seventy-Three David,This game has revived my love for the Call of Duty franchise. The new verticality adds so much new excitement to the gameplay and the gunplay is better than ever. The campaign is so well done and the technology used in scanning the actors makes it seem *almost real. The number of features in this game is amazing and I promise you that it is NOT like Titanfall. This is a must have game!
76561198026193469,Recommended,209650,12800262,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NcK Venomous,BEST SENCE COD4!love the game! The exo changes everthing! the mobility is diffrent. Its the same classic formula with a twist that pushes it tward sucsess.
76561198055030140,Recommended,209650,12800338,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TapTap,"UPDATED: The game play on this version is so much better than CoD: Ghosts! The interface is manageable, the movements are varied and there are plenty of movements to keep any gamer satisfied for some time. However, there are a couple of intolerable effects to this game, also.The most predominate issue is when connecting to a game server... 40% of the time, following a excruciatingly long delay, the connection times out. Or, ""Session is full"" over and over again. Or ""The service is currently unavailable"" (in which case I retry, retry, retry... and finally, connect). I am an IT guy with a fast network so it is a lack on the server side. (NP connecting to Black Ops II at these times, for example.) On Day 3 of the release, the scoring has become worst! I counted 9 kills and 5 deathss during my last Team Deathmatch, but at the end, my tab showed 2 kills and 14 deaths. Scoring is a joke and sort of blows the entire idea of ranking within the game. The other intolerable effect is to look in a direction, turn and be killed by an enemy that just spawned into the area that you looked into and turned from - how ridiculous.I am recommending this game for the time being. Hopefully conditions will improve. Ghosts was SUCH a disappointment; perhaps Sledgehammer has done a better job. Then again, perhaps this shop (Steam/ActiVision/Sledgehammer) is dumber than a box of hair..."
,Recommended,209650,12798114,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,S|LvΞRL|NiNG,Smooth like baby skin
76561198014721105,Recommended,209650,12797250,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ItzJustAGame305,"Apparently all this negative comments from this ""veteran"" so-call call of duty players dont know that call of duty just came out. There is many updates to do before the game can become more suitable for players. This happens in all call of duty games. The game is amazing. Better than the few call of duty games that came out. If you suck on it don't blame the game and enjoy the campaign then. The game is fun and is the cod we been waiting for"
,Recommended,209650,12797736,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lily The Kid; Ophelia the Killer,"Absolutely phenomenal.This is the best Call of Duty game since MW1, possibly even better. The multiplayer feels great, it's smooth as all hell, and it just is so much damn fun!"
,Recommended,209650,12799681,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,GHOSTZ,"My hole mutiplayer experience is excellent with no lag or any bugs so far. I just began playing this game half  a day after the game is released and the problems told by previous reviewers are probably already fixed.I had some ocational freeze when I played the campaign at first, but it got a lot better when I installed the newest Nvidia drive for the AW. The 6-hour campaign experience feels a little short but it provides a good story and a fine experience after all.There are a whole bunch of new features in this new COD, new tactical equips, new amor ability, different moves and so on. The entire way to play this game is totally different from the previous CODs. It's definitely a great game."
,Recommended,209650,12797180,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,what animAAL IS MUTTON,"It's finally hit me, i've always loved COD, MW2 was probably my most played game on PS3, and I own every single Call Of duty Game ever made in some way shape or form. The only thing i didn't enjoy with previous installments was playing the same game over and over again. Heres where Advanced Warfare Comes in, Its done enough to refresh the Franchise to the point where its like i'm playing MW2 in High school again. Its so incredibly strange that something as simple as changing the way the player moves makes one want to dive right back into the auto-aiming nonsense that is Call Of Duty. If you share my fond disposition for previous COD titles, but just were getting continually dissapointed every year since MW2. I can safely assure you, the tight controls, excellent map design, and fond memories are certainly found in generous amounts within this Title.TL;DR: CODAW blends together all of what made call of duty good previously, and adds just enough to make it feel new."
,Recommended,209650,12798178,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ParkPants,Color me surprised because the latest installment of Call of Duty is amazing.
,Recommended,209650,13604444,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NEEBZ,"Despite many bad reviews that have come from many people, this game is a very fresh and exciting version of the worn-out title known as Call of Duty.  The new Exo movements and abilities give a fast-paced gameplay that no game today can truly match.  I can't wait to see the awesome DLC that come from Sledgehammer, and I hope to see many improvements, such as DEDICATED SERVERS (hint hint) come to this game.  It has great promise."
76561198012218021,Not Recommended,209650,14058471,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BillyH,Bought the game and thought to my self if only they could recreate that cod 4 cod 2 experience with new weapons. The exact same game movement and game play quick paced but not to quick you cant defend you're self. This game is complete utter trash and ghosts is even worse I will not and i recommend you do not buy the next COD or anything to with call of drug addicts: modern Addition. This game is complete TRASH.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As all ways wanna see what games I am playing now then follow and view my stream @twitch.tv/spitroasted
,Recommended,209650,13159240,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,B17zack,this game is awesome i just need to get a RAM chip for it and then i'm good to go that's it nothing else
,Recommended,209650,12802279,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,UFC FIGHT MILK | Regular Dennis,**only about mp** When I think back about past Call of Duty launches after MW2 I remember all the negative things sticking out right away. Bad spawn points. Progressively worse map design.If there's bad here then I don't notice it yet. The movement options that have been added with exo abilities are really a lot of fun and it feels like there's another layer of skill involved. The maps kind of feel like old version maps that got heavily modded to fit in this game. To give a specific example: the map Greenband seems like it is the MW2 map Highrise. You'll be getting that deja-vu feeling a lot if you've spent a lot of time with previous versions multiplayer. I don't think that's a pro or a con but it's something that I appreciate.
,Recommended,209650,12765480,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Face Hugger,"One of the best CoD games. The story is fun, a return to the form of Modern Warfare 1 and 2. Great characters. The exosuits add great dimension. Game looks superb running at 1080p, 60 fps with the settings jacked up (i7-4790s, GTX 660, 12 GB RAM, no frame rate drops or other graphical issues). If you were turned off of the franchise by recent entries I'd say give this one a try. It is awesome."
,Recommended,209650,12796763,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mithril,"First off, this is a good game.Much better than Ghost. While Ghost certainly is enjoyable as a game, it's story is incredibly weak. Full of plot holes so large they are filling up the screen. But enough of that. This game is much better, and having Kevin Spacey doing a main character certainly lifts the game up. He is a terrific actor. No doubt they took plenty of House of Cards notes when they wrote his character. It certainly shows, but that's ok. It is a really good story too, so watch it (the TV show) if you haven't.And by saying that you no doubt get I like the story? And you'd be right. I do, it is miles better than the previous installement (which I won't miss at all if they bury, and never touch again) That said though, there are some issues with the game. Notably technical ones. They are using a heavily updated engine, with much improved graphics. I'd be willing to say it matches CryEngine 3 graphically. It (when it is fluid) runs better too. However, it's when it's stalling, preloading content, compiling shaders in the background that things break down. It stutters, stops, skips and is downright unplayable in sections. Many of the cutscenes, also drop sync with audio way too often.This sort of issues *should not happen at all* these days, but this ... wow.. I can't imagine how rushed they were to let that slip. And that is something completely avoidable. Let the artists do their job properly, don't rush things. It is a disservice to your team, your IP and your company. But most of all, it is disrespectful of your customers. Shame on you. That said, this *is* a really good game though, and I'll happily recommend it. The story is good, the game plays good. But I really wish they would stop with the railway tracks. Come on, it's nearly 2015 now, and you already make games with open areas. Use that knowledge you already have surrounding this, and create levels that can be more freely explored.Still, if you got the money then by all means. Play it. I doubt you'd regret it :)EDIT:I haven't touched multiplayer in this review. Because I spend more times playing games for a good story. That said, the game mechanics should be intersting enough, but I've heard there are issues with connectivity, and again, stuttering and such. Similar to that I mentioned happening in the single player part. You may want to wait a little until a patch comes, if that it important to you. I reserve myself for writing this out of what I have understood others having issues with in multiplayer, and this was at release too. If you read this a few patches down the road, things might already be ok."
76561198058785136,Recommended,209650,12798641,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Escolik ツ,"Call of duty: Advanced Warfare is not ghosts, it is one MILLION times better, People may say it is Titanfall but i can say it is not. AW feels refreshing from when ghosts did, there are no frame stuttering that ghosts had. The graphics are great In the max settings i would say they compeet with BF4, The gameplay is alot of fun it feels like a call of duty game should. it has awsome score streaks that are like the ones we had in BO2 and MW2 and they are customizable, the weapons are awsome but some dont make sence like why would we still have an AK-12 when we are 50 years in the future but other than that they are great fun and not OP. The weapons are like BF4 the Assualt rifles do verry simillar damages but there recoil and acuracy's are differnt you just need to find the one you like. Snipers are awsome, If you like to quick scope then your in luck you can in AW Most snipers are a one shot kill there are like two that are 2 shot kills, SMG's are bad. they do not do much damage and they have a large ammount of recoil. LMG's are about the same as the assualt rifles but they have more ammo and recoil, In the LMG catagory there is a lazer gun it is preaty OP it has Infinant ammo the only thing you have to worry about is it over heating it takes about 2-3 full seconds of shooting it at some one to kill but when your getting shot with it it distorts your screen and makes you flintch... alot making it allmost imposible to kill the person using it ohh and it has no recoil so you can snipe with it. the shotguns are only good if the person is RIGHT in front of you if they are 10-15 feet away you will do no damage unless you have slugs. Many people think that Because the game has jump packs its titanfall but its not. the game feels nothing like it, if i were to compare it to something it would have to be quake and cod mized perfectly the quake like action and the cod feel its perfect.  The game is also a great PC port no stuttering and not to many framerate issues, the only thing i would say that is bad is the 91FPS cap in multiplayer and the lack of dedicated servers if you can get over the fact that its P2P and your 144Hz monitor isnt getting used to its fullest the game is great its alot of fun it is the BEST cod sence bo1."
76561198021180931,Recommended,209650,12797734,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Give me cigarettes.,First CoD game properly optimized for PC and it really shows. In depth graphic options along with an FOV slider that goes up to 90. Multiplayer truly did change this year with the Exo movements. It's like Quake or Unreal tournament that still feels like CoD. My only issue is FPS drops but after updating my GTX 770 driver it has seemed to go away. The Campaign is great too. 9/10
,Recommended,209650,12798925,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,R4DFIELD,"Must admit I was satisfied with this title, after getting the shaft with Ghosts, Sledgehammer delivered a good quality game. The exo ability is definitely something refreshing, though I won't be playing it as often as I stick to ""classic"" gameplay, but making maps that work in both exo mode or classic mode is nice.The sound in this game is one of the best I've come across in a CoD title, sounds strong and beefy. Port is very well done, really good performance with probably the best graphics in a CoD title yet, it really looks pretty. Campaign is the classic action blockbuster, cool to go through.All in all a really good experience and I can see myself playing until the next one is out, unlike Ghosts."
,Recommended,209650,12800502,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Blex-ブレック,Nice game
,Recommended,209650,12798760,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,iRøbot,"Big improvement over the previous Call of Duty games, multi player is alot of fun with the exo-suits and it changes the play style up."
,Not Recommended,209650,28733613,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,vBata,"This is my favorite video game purchase of all time because of two things, Supply Drops, and EXO DOGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HIGHLY RECOMEND DONT OWN IT WHAT SO EVER TREVOR TMARTN HERE CHECK OUT THIS NEW GAMBLING SITE FOR A CHANCE TO WIN $6,000!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12825746,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,0ops sorry,lag
,Recommended,209650,12799382,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Grits,"I have not played the multiplayer yet, but 2 hours into the Campaign and I am at loss for words on how surreal the experience has been so far. Seriously... 10/10"
,Recommended,209650,12800542,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dujiansia,tbh at first you get that 10 second lag through out the game on the first start. sometime it can last 30 second in a short period at a time. right after that you're good to good.story mode: 3*5 starmultiplayer: 4*5a lot better than cod ghost.storymode loading cutscene takes a little bit will a lot longer.
,Recommended,209650,12797467,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RedicL,"Fun game. I dont understand what problems people are having. I have had no problems with the game yet. Graphics are very nice, gameplay is fun, maps are very neat and fun to play. I have to say this is one of my favorite COD games in a while. The different things you can make custom to yourself are super cool. My favorite has to be that you can choose how your player looks with different clothing styles and unlocks! I have been playing COD since WaW and I think this is in my top 3 favorite! I recommend this to anyone who loves COD or hates ghosts. I will update this review with more detail as I have it. I have so far only played about 5-10 minutes single player, and more than 7.5 hours of online.Update 11/6/14:I have  encountered one issue. Sometimes I get stuck on loading screens for online games, I am not sure why this is, but it makes me want to punch something! Overall I still recommend this game."
,Recommended,209650,12797877,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mosan al-hallam,"Call of Duty was in desperate need of some rejuvenation and Sledgehammer pulled it off.I wholly enjoyed the single player campaign, and have been enjoying multiplayer so far. It feels good to have a good CoD game again. Plus pewpew laser gats.Although getting rid of the CoD-stigma will be pretty hard, basically everyone I've recommended it to has responded with ""lol cod"" or ""nice joke"". I hope that some will actually give it a shot. It's some fun arcade-y twitch shooter goodness.Port info: I had generally great performance on my rig...only a few issues presented themselves:1. The sun shader option makes all of the textures look like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥2. Screen tearing in the pre-rendered cutscenes.3. Audio sometimes de-syncs in those same cutscenes."
,Recommended,209650,12799321,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MaX,its nice thats it .. :D
,Recommended,209650,12799398,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,JIN.7787,One of the best cod ....i love it ...:)
76561198063841672,Not Recommended,209650,12884484,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Buccomatic,"if you want to waste $60 on a broken game that won't connect, buy cod aw."
76561198042153026,Recommended,209650,12885621,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BuzzardBee,"While it's heads and shoulders above Ghosts, it has its flaws but overall the game is loads of fun. The campaign's story leaves something to be desired. The current trend for video games to try and become full-fledged movies is troubling. If I wanted to watch a movie, I'd go watch one instead of play a $60 game. And I like Kevin Spacey as much as the next guy, well, maybe I'm growing a little tired of him these days but the campaign kind of felt like the Kevin Spacey Show after a while.But for all the time they spent doing motion capture and slaving away at all the facial detail work, they took time away from creating realistic trees, cars, my God, the damn things looked like yellow cardboard boxes for the most part. I've never seen such pathetic vehicles in my life in any game.Okay, you don't play a FPS to look at the scenery, I get that. But then why bother putting them in at all? It was distracting and sad. The trees, rocks, all looked like they were made of plastic, half-finished and just rushed along without a care.Multiplayer though is a blast. Love the Exo Survival stuff but seriously, please don't come off like it's so original. It may be new to the CoD world but it's been done before and way better by others. The Exo suit is fun, I will give them that. Some of the weaons are way overpowered but that's the name of this game. Blast the hell out of your enemy because given a chance, he sure will do that to you, in a heartbeat.A couple of the maps are pretty awful. Nearly everyone, myself included, has major issues with Defender. The lag is incredibly bad every single time it loads up. That is, IF AND WHEN it can actually load up. Most times it just freezes, stutters, lags to the point of disconnecting from the server.Dedicated servers are desperately needed. It would reduce the number of hijacked lobby games, reduce the hackers and aimbots. And it would greatly improve gameplay because the old standby of choosing a host amongst the player pool has never ever been an ideal situation. Lag compensation, for lack of a better word, is crap.I'm enjoying the hell out of Private Matches against bots. Sometimes they can be hilariously stupid but most times they're pretty challenging and fun. The Exo Survival thing was fun too although allowing for upgrades to go with you as you flip through 25 rounds into the next just makes it way too easy to mow down your enemies. Fun as it is, it's pretty much a joke the further you go.Looking forward to seeing what Sledgehammer has planned for the Zombies in the DLCs. So bottom line, would I recommend the game? Yes. It's way better than Ghosts could ever hope to be. It's not original by any stretch of the imagination but the biggest reason I like it is because to me it doesn't feel like a CoD game at all. Ghosts made me realize how tired I'd become of the whole franchise. Maybe what I really needed was a Crysis/Just Cause/Titanfall/Halo-wannabe to punch me across the map for a wake-up call.Oh, by the way, really was hoping to have that grappling hook from the campaign in multiplayer. Was sorely disappointed that it was left out. Oh well. Please get the dedicated servers up, I""m begging you."
,Recommended,209650,12846660,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Pakundo,"This review is brought to you by someone who plays Arma, Battlefield, and a little bit of Call of Duty, amongst hundreds of other games of different genres.tl;dr This is a decent Call of Duty game with a fun campaign and great gameplay.The exosuits make the game faster paced, which is good because Call of Duty IS a fast paced shooter.Most different gameplay-wise since Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.So I've played the campaign completely from start to finish on Veteran, and while I haven't played the multiplayer all that much, I have watched alot of gameplay of all varieties, so I feel confident enough to write a short review.The graphics are a very welcome improvement over previous titles in the series, and I actually wish to positively note the high framerate I get even when running the game maxed out, though it's telling to note that the console versions (PlayStation 4 and Xbox One) have near identical graphics to the maxed out levels on the PC version.Either way, the game looks very well and maintains a very high framerate all throughout gameplay, and I like that.I'd like to give props to the sound team's work on the campaign.My first positive impressions from the game were all the way back from the gameplay footage that was first released, where I enjoyed hearing the game's sound which reminded me alot of action blockbuster movies.In general the sounds are all really nice, and I have absolutely nothing bad to say about the voice acting either, which in itself is actually a high complement.Obvious standout performances from Kevin Spacey and Gideon Emery are really good (Troy Baker is, as always, a dependable actor for a protagonist).The PC port is above average for a Call of Duty game, where the large amount of graphical options are a highlight, making sure less than high grade gaming PCs can still play the game.Well, that was all well and nice, but what about the actual campaign itself?Well, while I still hold Black Ops 2's campaign (In focus on story and actual story-changing choices) a bit higher than Advanced Warfare's, I do appreciate all the varied set pieces in the game, and the general good gameplay and pacing offered by it.While I wasn't as deeply engrossed in the characters as I am in Treyarch's games (particularly from Black Ops 1 and onwards) or even the Modern Warfare games, I do find the main characters to have just enough personality to still be a bit interesting.Essentially, I find Advanced Warfare's campaign to be better for all the gameplay variety and fun it offers than its story and characters, but only just slightly so, which isn't, from certain perspectives, such a bad thing.As for the gameplay itself, which, tied with the multiplayer, is the main draw of the game for most people, well...I like it.I actually like it alot.The added mobility provided by the exosuits really feels like just what I felt I wanted from the mobility in Call of Duty.Add to that all the different futuristic guns, attachements, smart grenades and gadgets, all balanced and implemented in a way that still stays true to Call of Duty's fundamental gameplay, and you get a positive, sweeping gameplay change the likes of which has last been seen in the franchise all the way back in Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare (Similarily, Black Ops 2 offers glimpses of this, though it's set in the nearer future).From the gameplay footage I've seen, but rather more importantly from my (admittedly, at the time of this review, short) experience with the game in multiplayer, the faster pace afforded by these gameplay changes elevates the fun and excitement you feel when playing the game to levels I felt last when playing Modern Warfare 2.The added mobility also makes the game feel closer to an arena shooter in certain cases, which isn't a bad thing in my opinion, seeing as the game's relative arcadiness and fast pace lend themselves to that, though I like how that can and is contrasted with a more tactical pace of gameplay in certain areas of multiplayer maps where there isn't much room to maneuver.Add to all of this the survival mode, which while I haven't experienced myself I have seen enough of to think is definitely a decent time waster and fun enough when played with friends, and you get a Call of Duty game that does change the way Call of Duty is played, even if just a little bit.I am still personally interested in Treyarch's next Call of Duty, but I do believe Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, as a whole, is a better and more enjoyable $60 Call of Duty game than Ghosts, and is overall a very fun Call of Duty game to play, which translates to it being an enjoyable, fast paced, futuristic military FPS with aracdey gameplay mechanics."
76561198172077702,Recommended,209650,14577181,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Endstationx3,Way better than Battlefield4.
76561198135503814,Recommended,209650,12796958,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,NifftyMittens97,"yes, very fun"
76561198087775682,Recommended,209650,12759212,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,King Yolo,"Solid game, runs smooth, fun.Enjoyment 10/10 would play againServer quality 1/10 do not aprove - feels like im playing people who are on the moonBalance 9/10 - only op thing is the exo punch"
,Recommended,209650,12766465,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Her Pussy Bald Like Caillou,"TL;DR It's one of the best cod games I played especially for pc.in my opinion I think only if you really like the cod series (kill streaks, run and gunning, an arcade shooter) and want a fast pace game then you should get it. This is the best pc port out of all the cods. Also the map sizes are decent and it actually takes a while to kill people unlike cod ghosts. The weapons are alright, there's a lot of different weapon forges so you and your friend could have the same weapon but your version of the weapon could be different (more damage with more recoil or some other combination). The kill streaks can be customized A LOT it looks like there's a few but each kill streak can turn into something else when customized or it can be made better but it takes more points to get. The new exo abilities are pretty good and not over powered since it can only be used once per life, the perks in the game are not over powered cause if the way you set them up and they took out things like dead silence. There's also a DNA bomb at a 30 gun streak which is the moab of this game if you're into getting that. New game modes were added as well as old fan favorites returned such as war from world at war! (now called momentum) The new game mode is really interesting as well you might want to check out a few videos on it. The single player is the longer than most cod's so it may actually be worth playing being and playing the single player helps you in multiplayer. Finally there's exo survival which is basically mw3 survival mode.At the end of the day it's up to whether you want to spend your money or not on this game, I personally believe it takes the best out of treyarc and infinity ward for it's mulitplayer, basically everything has a counter to it, even the suppressors/silencers are not op since it can now be countered. If you want you can wait for a sale, I don't think you have to worry about this game going dead just like cod ghosts because black ops 2 had A LOT of people always playing and this is takes all the goodness from black ops 2. ﻿"
,Recommended,209650,12764888,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,☆Showtime☆™,"A lot better than Call Of Duty Ghost , So far the gameplay is smooth, unlike Ghost. It appears that they abandoned PhysX. If the multiplayer plays anything like the campaign its going to be an enjoyable experience.I recommend this game to all my friend  who want to feel real combat, but if your pc is bad dont buy this game. 10/10 best forever ,Cod :)"
76561198121507675,Recommended,209650,12765757,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Brobocop,"Fast paced action, beautiful graphics, interesting storyline, fun multiplayer with customization and a good optimization.This game really save the COD serie from dying"
,Recommended,209650,12766333,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,HokiHoshi,"This has been a happy return to Call of Duty Multiplayer.  The game runs very smooth on my mid-level rig, the graphics are on-par with other ""next-gen"" titles, and the combat feels as tight/smooth as ever.  The biggest change is obviously the movement, no longer do you run ""paths"" around a map and attempt to strafe all your opponents.   Although I was worried at first, the movement is serioulsy on-point with this game, the ability to move freely about the map just feels good.  Now its much more on-the-spot tactical decisions with good 1v1 firefights instead of shooting your opponent from behind.  Natural 2-3 man ""squads"" seem to naturally form much more than in previous titles.  The game feels much more action packed and intense, while at the same time slowing down the pacing.  Players take a good amount of time to kill and have more chances to get away, but the wider range of movement means you'll always be on edge.  The customization has a few new changes but is nothing special, its good to see nonetheless.  My only major gripe is that there is no theater mode, meaning no re-living that lucky headshot you got last round.All in all this is a solid CoD title that has breathed enough fresh air into the franchise while still keeping the same familiar feel and addictive multiplayer we all know and love."
76561198018405880,Recommended,209650,12760525,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gypc,Just love COD ADvanced Warfare   game seems to run smoothly on  high / extra thats the graphics    and its good game play  single player  its a great game so far played for 2 hours  well worth the money  hope it keeps going no Hiccups yetfingers crossed
,Recommended,209650,12761798,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Salted Peanut,"110%would recommend this game to a friend. The campaign was probably the most intense story-line yet there were so many plot twists I couldn't handle myself. The vehicle controls could use a little work but hey this is Call of Duty not Battlefield. Multiplayer is kind of laggy with the player collisions but I'm assuming it will improve. Guns so far seem fairly balanced and the exosuits are so much fun to jump around and juke people with. All in all I would say this game Is the BEST CALL OF DUTY TO DATE (1,000,000X better than ghosts)"
76561197986890559,Recommended,209650,12759067,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,CVW-11,"So far the gameplay is smooth, unlike Ghost. It appears that they abandoned PhysX. If the multiplayer plays anything like the campaign its going to be an enjoyable experience.The game is like Crysis, Unreal Tournament III, Quake III, Ghost Recon Advanced Warfare, FEAR etc. all rolled into one very fast moving game. The weapons are high tech and the exo gear is awsome. I highly recommend this game if you love FPS games."
,Recommended,209650,12766468,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Flak,"I really love the game so far! The movement is really fantastic and is everything I hoped it would be and more. The only complaint I have is the FP weapon size. It's so big, it makes it hard to see the enemy. Other than that, this COD is a winner!"
76561198078170021,Recommended,209650,12763815,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,☢✡CODE.Madarth666☣☠,"I've bought, i've download, I've played and i've finish it.. and what can i say is this is one hell of game. Great stories & awesome environment. I recommend every player to buy this game.."
76561197972877450,Recommended,209650,12765463,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Palazar,"So much better this year!! If you like FPS's its a must buy! Takes a lil time to tweak the settings "" just the way I like it"" but I was I able to get it running smooth and it's campaign is very good.. Multi player review up later in the week!"
,Recommended,209650,12762171,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,//pandaey3es,"I got a different look on the COD series after trying this, even tho ive played since Black Ops 1, I Highly recommend this game, full of action, adrealine, and the graphic is sure amazing too, can't wait to test this on a Titan Black Edition!"
76561198042994980,Recommended,209650,12762911,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,TheHydraShot,"Amazing game finally something new, i really enjoy it"
,Recommended,209650,12763444,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,m0rbs,"The first proper CoD since Black Ops 2.  Amazing graphics, and amazing counter-play opportunity with the exo suit.  I highly recommend to any FPS enthusiast.  10/10."
,Recommended,209650,12764278,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,TheLivingKing2,Looks Nice Plays even nicer! I using a GTX 850M 4GB Laptop.
76561198046873275,Recommended,209650,12762385,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bubbles,Play hardpoint and your addicted
76561197999240939,Recommended,209650,12763424,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gordon,"Finally a $50+ game that I do not regret buying. I was a Battlefield guy for a while, but that series turned into crap. Thus, I thought, why not give this a try? So far no regrets!"
,Not Recommended,209650,12796400,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,【 ＶＡＧＲＡＮＣ 】,So many ♥♥♥♥ing cheaters!!
76561198033019560,Recommended,209650,12764923,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,^4Click^1r^3Boom^1r,"Best COD in awhile. I still have the tweaks to fix but once in the game, it's 90% stable. Have only been dumped out of the game once and very seldom am I getting lag. I love the return of the ping stat."
76561198103188707,Recommended,209650,12763304,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Shadowpat,"Really recommend. redeemer after Ghosts and while it is a work in progress I only have a few problems with the game, the rest is amazing and not a let down. A must have if you like future combat and Call of Duty combined."
,Recommended,209650,12761438,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Millions of Peaches,"Outstanding mechanics, but multiplayer seems to be player hosted instead of via dedicated servers.  3 games so far have failed to connect and start.  Single player: Kevin Spacey...  need more incentive?"
76561198032423645,Recommended,209650,12766087,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dam^7on ^4Salva^1tore,I love this Game
76561197962412567,Recommended,209650,12766347,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ryann,True COD Title ReturnedBuy it.
,Recommended,209650,12764221,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Frank,Best Multiplayer since Modern Warfare. 10/10.
,Recommended,209650,12764631,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ariesius,"Such a great Cod, Most games are quite quick (About 5 mins) The exo suit plays very well not over powered at all. Lots of guns are great, Some are under powered, Some seem to kill too fast but its still good none the less.Requires a fairly good PC to play without lagI have a Radeon HD 8400 and have all settings as low as they go and some maps (with rain, fire or just alot of particle effects) lag quite a bit so you want about a $600+ computer to play this game,Overall the maps are fairly good sized and easy to navigate.The only problem i found is that you tend to lag out when joining a game, Well thats what happens a lot to me. I basically just join a game load in pick a class then i loose connectionCampainI only played campain a few mins since it was very laggy for me so i cant say much about it until i get my new graphics card."
,Recommended,209650,12761897,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Geremy Tibbles,I did a sick air dash and lasered a man in the face.10/10 this is actually super fun.
76561198080583092,Recommended,209650,12762783,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,0KillEmAll0 Gaming Youtube,its moving a little slow on my PC so its really hard to play missions and multiplayer..... and it is not HD
76561198151589692,Recommended,209650,12765676,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,stlaurel26,niceeeeee..........altho my 2 mnth old pc need a better graphics card
,Recommended,209650,12761788,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dr. Volter,"A lot better than Call Of Duty Ghost (well, anything is better than cod:ghost). This game is enjoyable so far, requires skill to move around and avoid being shot which means that you have a chance to get away from anybody that is aiming at you by double jumping or moving to your sides really fast. Really fast pace (like any other cod)...So far a really good game."
,Recommended,209650,12766220,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,FatalityWolf,i was highly surprised at how much am enjoying it i am finding both single player and multiplayer to be pretty awsome.so far its prob the ebst call of duty ive played in years.
,Recommended,209650,12762302,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,milK,"Games looks incredible fast, I you loved Titanfall but got bored too soon, this is for you."
,Recommended,209650,12759689,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Nephesh Soul,"i think this is a really good game.  everything runs smooth, and looks really good."
,Recommended,209650,12760608,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Doctor_who,Havent gotten into a Call of duty game since world at war but have seen and tried the terrible ones and refused to buy any oother COD. until i seen this one. from playing it it is quite smooth looks beautiful the story mode is pretty decent. plaiying online is great until you realize the matchmaking kinda sucks right now but i guess thats what you get for day of release. also sometimes the game for multiplayer will run amazingly one second for a game then the next youve got everyone jumping across the screen and input lag along with spinning around in a circle for no reason. and when you hit that lag spike it SUUCKS havent gotten killed yet so its all good lol. by far the best COD released in a LONG time.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,209650,12763409,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[>DDoS<] MoD_Mike,Ive only given this CoD a quick try and already i can tell its much better than CoD Ghost which isnt hard.Pro'sgood graphicsthe Exo suit is funmultiplayer fun so farCon'sits MATCHMAKING WTF (im not a fan of matchmaking can't you tell)
,Recommended,209650,12761440,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awesome
,Recommended,209650,12763223,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,POWERUPPER,one of the best stuff in this year !
76561198062381154,Recommended,209650,12766889,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,WonderousHippo,10/10 would enjoy spending over a day to download and 100$ to play with no1 again
,Recommended,209650,12764611,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,archaznable,"Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Battlefield Killzone Shadowfall Titanfall Homefront Crysis edition need I say more,I skip COD: Ghost and went over this instead that suits my taste. Great Job Sledgehammer I give this 7/10."
76561198039359027,Recommended,209650,12764782,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,David's Rock,"Great piece of work, good effort... Not like COD Ghosts..."
76561198062859385,Recommended,209650,12765331,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Hitman_Actual,I'm totally shocked and surprised how good this game looks. Haven't done MP yet as I bough the game just for the story mode. I'll leave MP for Battlefield 4.On gripe so far. NO FOV CONTROL in CAMPAIGN> This needs a fix STAT!
,Not Recommended,209650,12766141,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Big0littleo,"GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ i was told they were gonna make the campaign longer and more memorable.............. but then whats with this 5 hour bull im hearing?  Better then ghost? ....... what cod isn't better then ghost. Worth it? NOOOOOOOO not unless all u cear about is multiplayer, the campaign i was told is a HUGE let down."
,Not Recommended,209650,12766543,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,I want to sleep god hwy,hahaha
76561198089359624,Not Recommended,209650,12766682,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,DayZgoBy,well all these reviews look great but i still cant play. Getting a directX error that i cant seem to fix...and as of now no hope in fixing it..just GRRR
,Not Recommended,209650,12759533,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Space,"Do NOT buy this. Terrible graphics, clunky gameplay, timed loot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, awful animations, bad map designs, must use their optimal graphic setting in order to avoid constant FPS dips, player models look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ gunplay downgrade from any other shooter ever made."
,Not Recommended,209650,12759441,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,its K to be greedy,dont buy this game until they give svr
76561198045415114,Recommended,209650,30384182,Posted: 7 March,all,9volt,This game is pretty fun.
,Not Recommended,209650,26323073,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,✪ maketzone,"fps drops, sounds not working, 90fps max, bad gameplay. 10/10"
,Recommended,209650,19217235,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Nic,"(Multiplayer only) I loved the movement and fast paced gameplay, hated the netcode issues and lack of players. It was fun for as long as it lasted. Don't buy this if you're planning to play online multiplayer."
,Recommended,209650,19227411,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,wired4fx2028825,I like it
,Not Recommended,209650,19225215,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Korean Jesus,"I unlocked a variation of the ohm lmg in a supply drop and can't even use it because i need to buy it... if i didn't buy it why would i have unlocked it in the supply drop, its a waste, why shouldn't i be able to use it if i unlocked it in the supply drop, this is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,209650,16140545,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kira,hate this game cause you can only play team death match and it takes forever to get in a mtach
,Recommended,209650,19149642,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dangling Injector,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198037535707,Recommended,209650,18988156,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Theeghostman,Played this for hundreds of hours!
76561198151828509,Not Recommended,209650,14690531,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Brain L.,i can.t download THE ♥♥♥♥ING DLC
76561198040645251,Not Recommended,209650,15743406,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,HS_SnakeDoc,No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...No games foundSearching for best experience...No games found...FML
,Not Recommended,209650,16651408,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,no
,Recommended,209650,16859921,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,JuanDeagle | hellcase.com,I actually change my mind this game is actually really good if u get in to it!
76561198098916941,Not Recommended,209650,19136517,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,XXXRichardspencer,Press F to refund.
76561198034805734,Not Recommended,209650,19154653,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Infernal Gunner,"WARNING!!!The MULTI PLAYER is dead. You will not find anyone playing the multi player. You will sit in the lobbies for hours. However, the single player is fun. But, not worth $60. Obviously, no one buys COD for the single player."
,Not Recommended,209650,12810092,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BUHREHYED,"SINGLE PLAYERIf you're going to buy this for the SP portion of this game, have fun downloading the MP portion, and no, it's not an option. Also the story isn't worth remembering, other than seeing Kevin Spacey  in a non-movie role. Plus, Spacey did a great job playing his character.MULTIPLAYERIf you're going to buy this for MP only, look elsewhere, nobody is playing this game. The only game you'll ever find is Team Deathmatch, and that is just sad.Overall, this game is great at launch, but died quickly in the following months. Also the game is poorly optimized and you will experience a few frame rate drops and lag spikes. Oh and did I mention the game will crash during gameplay, and has no dedicated servers?"
76561197990127954,Not Recommended,209650,19045846,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,EL KURTO,"This game at first looked like it was going to bring back the Black Ops 2 type of gameplay in multiplayer that I loved so much.  However the maps and guns sucked, the movement system was only fun for about 10 min and then it was annoying.  Also the campaign was the most linear thing i've ever played in my life.  The only thing this game had going for it was the graphics and kevin spacey.  What a waste of 100 bucks."
76561198053505056,Recommended,209650,17121331,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,chronic,Just dont get it
76561198048308168,Not Recommended,209650,18872480,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MizzBrah,Not gud. Not buy. Not look at it. Not think about it. Not. Is not gud.
,Not Recommended,209650,19026490,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SpoDEy,Online just doesn't work like it should. I'm sad I wasted money on this. The game is fun but broken.
,Recommended,209650,19024146,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,U-Cleis,Epic game!
76561198092215760,Not Recommended,209650,18898618,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Gusino,hnngg ergggg ahak
76561198030073413,Not Recommended,209650,18899477,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Trinity,o helll naawwwwwwwww disss ♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198051613377,Not Recommended,209650,18912827,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,artificial intel,"I wa-d to pl- t-is ga-e but -t wa- r-ly ch-py and tttthhhhheeeee ggggggrrraaaaapppphhhiiiiiccccsss wwwwweeeeerrrreeeee ssssmmmeeeeaaaarrrrdddd aaaaccccccrrrrroooossssss ttttttthhhheeeeee sssssccccrrrrreeeeeeeeeennn..... come on i don't know if that second one is due to my graphics card or not but seriously, COD ghost ran better and even that had its problems."
76561198160915017,Not Recommended,209650,18923472,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,PeanutBudaBaby,i cant buy supply drops
,Not Recommended,209650,18924347,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,вражеский танк,"I loved Call of Duty up through Modern Warfare 3, but the formula is starting to get seriously tired at this point. There's nothing here that you haven't seen or done before; the plot is nonsensical as usual, and the characters are paper-thin. Multiplayer is nothing to write home about."
76561198041405314,Not Recommended,209650,18888878,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Spinosaurus,"At this point the game is dead, also a poor effort at a pc port, if you are going to get this, dont bother with PC"
76561198174399249,Not Recommended,209650,18851391,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Leafy Isn't Here,"I'm not basing this game on how fun it is to play, I have no problems with how the game plays out. But, due to an extreme amout of low reviews, there is nobody on multiplayer. I have sat in a lobby for several hours and only seen two other people. I still got my money's worth out of the bots however. I spent many hours playing bots and had some fun still. But i can't recommend this game for the multiplayer. As for the story mode, I wouldnt even bother."
,Not Recommended,209650,18851560,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dominator,"This game was one of my favorite games during the 4 months after release. But after the release of Advanced Supply Drops, the game started to become really bad. There was little to no PC support for this game. It was super laggy at release and buggy, I had to run it at a low resolution for it to run smoothly. When Sledgehammer Games added 15 more prestiges to make a total of 30. I gave up. I didn't want to play it that much longer after being so close to prestige 15 which used to be the max rank. This mad me mad. Another thing the added was the ablility to purchase supply drops, although PC was never able to. They added a bunch of free DLC that must be required through these paid supply drops called Advanced Supply Drops that PC players could rarley earn and never buy so it was pointless. Especialy when they started releasing 1900's guns in a future game. It made now sense. Overall, this game was good in the beginning and it was ruined in the end. I would not recommend it anymore."
76561197970402615,Not Recommended,209650,18945777,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DeathWarrant,"Do not Purchase for PC. Multiplayer seldom works and Steam does not back it up. Even after waiting for months for a patch to be released to fix the multiplayer connection issues, still nothing, and not even Steam will not refund the game. Thanks for nothing."
76561198015530991,Recommended,209650,18937341,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[NRP]Steve,the whole game is brilliant
,Recommended,209650,18883226,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,CYBORG |aqwe|,"No players found...but hei at least i got a season pass....well removing it sometimes lets me find a lobby or 2....and this is after one year.Well at least i can go back and play MW3 now as it always has plenty of lobbys...3 years later.Well after playing now black ops 3,this AW actually looks so much better now LOL"
76561198118999726,Not Recommended,209650,18942744,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,EchoCraft12,Crashes
,Recommended,209650,18999537,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Jacen,meh at least they tried to make something good 6/10
76561198167309663,Not Recommended,209650,18125564,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Zen ヽ(☯ヮ☯)ﾉ,Vavle Give my money back now
,Recommended,209650,19317730,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,JakeFlit,"on a sale its a good game, otherwise, id look elsewhere for FPS action"
76561198090018055,Not Recommended,209650,17193669,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Avander.D Studio@Youtube,I can't get online.
76561198027429031,Not Recommended,209650,17194043,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,FC1(SW)PAPPYS,"I wish the rooms had how many players are in them! Going to each room looking for a game and nobody is there is a waste of my time. But, the fact is nobody seems to be playing this game. The only room anybody I can find in is (hardcore is where I look) team death match. I like S&D but nobody is there, it's like there's nobody playing this game (my perspective)."
,Recommended,209650,17195774,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Ahzeal,well this game is not superits alot diffrent then the previous call of dutywith exo suits and its olny about how hits first beacuse your dead in 1 -2 hitsand i hope call of duty black ops 3 is alot betterif u still play call of duty black ops 2dont buy this gamei advise you dont buy advence supply drops(cases)if you are not a hardcore call of duty fan
,Not Recommended,209650,17195863,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,b00mbastic,..COD is dead on PC!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,17196295,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Triscuitable,"When you've got a broken weapon like the EM1 and you let that go unfixed for six months straight, you may notice your game's population drop significantly.Advanced Warfare is a failure on all fronts (except for its fantastic campaign), and that's a shame."
,Recommended,209650,17197417,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,EpicFu5iOnZ,This Game is Awsome Im getting a small amount of connection problems though 9/10
76561198154495838,Recommended,209650,16433601,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,HaZardNight,I love this game but I CANT play at all liek It is VERY VERY laggy please if anyone has suggestions please feel free to tell me!
76561198035682678,Recommended,209650,17198131,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Fenris83,Excellent.  The suit mods are great
,Not Recommended,209650,17277873,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,VeteranZero,"It really breaks my heart to say this cause i've been a call of duty fan for YEARS.  Since the very first one.  But I have to say Devs you really sh*t the bed on this.   First of all (I'm talking strictly about multiplayer here), if you have the patience to wait 30-45 minutes to even find a match (cause no one plays this on PC anymore).  You'll be lucky to find one without hackers (You can try to report them, but it would just be a waste of your time because it literally does nothing).   Even after the fact, It still takes me 5 minutes to load into a match after it puts me in a lobby.  9 times out of 10, I'll be stuck on the loading screen for 4 or 5 minutes before it kicks me out of the lobby again....then I have to wait another 10-15 minutes to find another lobby.   (This problem can be EASILY solved with dedicated servers...however, the devs refuse to give us them.)This is my advice to anyone thinking about buying this, or any FUTURE Call of Duty title.   DO NOT buy them for PC...EVER, Devs don't give a sh*t about PC gamers anymore because the majority of us (not including myself) are a bunch of imature, good for nothing hackers who spoil the game for everyone.  Not only that, but making us piggy back off of someone elses connection will just make for one huge aggravating lagfest.PC Gamers are becoming aware of this issue....and less and less of us are continueing to play this on PC.  My advice, if you have PS4 or XBONE get it for that.   Stay away from all future PC Call of Duty titles please....or you will just get let down like I've been since MW3."
76561198111527035,Not Recommended,209650,17279003,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,houseofcosta,This game is alot of fun for campaign and multi playerAs for Zombie fans... best Zombie yet. POOREST SERVERS I have ever come across.Zombies barely works if at all.If you buy this game for ZOMBIES.. DON'T!Atleast the new Batman game; steam is honest with their server issus. Not just trying to collect you un-refundable dollars plus download time.Next time COD release a new warfare please make sure it works before starting to sell game plus individual DLC's.
,Recommended,209650,17286513,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,equalizer,not bad just kinda dead on pc
76561198153927969,Not Recommended,209650,16591761,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NicoletteBlizzard,"This is my first CoD experience on PC ever since MW2 where I played all the CoDs on my consoles.The singleplayer had many cool moments, faithful to the series.However the connection in Multiplayer is terrible due to this Peer-to-Peer nonsense in 2014/2015.I have a pretty good internet service and yet I can't even remember a game where my connection was at 4 bars.I played enough to get to prestige 1 just so thta spending $60 on this didn't feel like such a waste.If you are interested in buying it, buy it on the consoles.Never buy CoD on PC."
76561198015614038,Not Recommended,209650,16726501,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Killer_Wez,Really wasn't impressed with this game I've owned all the CoD games on PC and I think this one has sealed my fate of never buying another!!Graphics are marginally better than the previous games but not anywhere near other games.  Load times are longer than they should be considering the game and i have a top spec PC.Bought the game on Sale from steam and completed the single player which was worst iv ever played just very boring and a load of cut scenes and slow mo bits to take any possible fun out of the game! I tried returning but was unable to as I have played 6 hours which annoyed me cos even though i bought it on sale it cost me£35 with some expansions that came with it.This is the first game review I have ever done and the first one I have really felt compelled to!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!
76561197990466909,Not Recommended,209650,16728005,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,sizz,does not work with my invida 760 video card
,Recommended,209650,16735459,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sephiroth313,"I've been waiting for a COD game to be the next best thing next to COD4 and here it is, some people may not like the game because of future approach, but i love the new style and direction they went with."
,Recommended,209650,13382397,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sir Fluffybottoms III,i have alwasys loved the call of duty games but this one is good but bad its better then ghost but not as good as black ops 2or 1 for that matter the worst thing about the game is they are still runing a peer to peer match making they need to get decaticed server and there is a bit of server lag and they did rip off tf2 alittle with the profs so this is a game is like but some may not
,Not Recommended,209650,16771836,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Flaming Dragon,"If I had known that the COD multiplayer wasn't going to work, I would have purchased a different game. Very disappointed with this game. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy playing cod with my friends on ps4 and think the gameplay is fantastic but pc is just horrible. Why show videos on youtube of multiplayer gameplay when it doesn't even work.I will no longer be purchasing any cod games until you guys fix the multiplayer on pc (this includes ps4- sorry guys I can no longer remain loyal to someone when they dont care about their customers). Will be looking at other fps games like Battlefield."
76561198014406565,Not Recommended,209650,16784178,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sonja,Really regret buying COD Adv Warfare as constant lagging has ruin the game. This game could have outshine the rest of the COD series . I would not recommend this game as there are better quality games out there at resonable price.
76561197987069565,Not Recommended,209650,16785364,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,GIGALYFE,"JUST ASK FOR MORE MONEY WHY DONT YA?? GOOD LORD, FORGET YA. NOW ZOMBIES COST AS MUCH AS THE GAME. NICE."
,Recommended,209650,16664477,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rezznow,Anyone want to 1v1 me? I'll bash you ♥♥♥♥en cuntz head in. I am a 420 quickscoper since 1987 just to let you cuntz know lol.
,Recommended,209650,18167380,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Xxplatano,"I actually really enjoyed the campaign, but I might be one of the few who did. Finished it pretty quick but had enough meat for my liking."
,Recommended,209650,13211958,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Verwi~Nya,After playing for while and getting used to it i really enjoy it
,Not Recommended,209650,18260990,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,none ya,The online in this game is dead almost all the time if you want to buy this for the online play don't buy it. Get it on a console your more likey to find a match on consoles
76561198114340529,Not Recommended,209650,18262655,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,wangkalifa,Cant connect to any online games idk why
76561197971247705,Not Recommended,209650,18268492,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,AgentX,"I'm going to review the Single player portion of the game since the overwhelming number of reviews here appear to be for the multiplayer and are already negativeConsidering how poorly the multiplayer has been reviewed here it is unfortunate the Single player cannot help to prop this iteration of the series up.The GoodBeautiful, diverse, eclectic, detailed mapsFantastically detailed character models and excellent animationInteresting & novel new weapons & enemiesSuprisingly robust video/control customization optionsThe badExtremely linear game playNo character customization  / exo suit power selectionRelatively shortWeak moralizing / increasingly weak storyNo weapon stats / infoOccasional complete crashes / extreme FPS dropsLet me elaborate. Graphics look fantastic, character models are fantastic, most primary voice acting is very good too. Unfortunately prepare to be nagged to death by your NPC team mates. Deviate from the script for more than even 2 or 3 seconds and except to either be insta-killed, insta-fail the mission, or have your teammates remind you incessantly in an angry inpatient voice what you should be doing.Maps look great however you never have the option to explore them, if there is anything to even explore. Either your shown a very pretty but elaborate on rails corridor or are hit with the Leaving Mission ZoneExo Suits, drones, crazy weapons wow right!? Except you never get an opportunity to pick your load out during the entire game. Its pre-picked for you. Even still you do not have control over all your exo abilities usually only be allowed to use certain ones at the scripts insistence and never again.Had some technical glitches, of course these vary for everyone  - running a 980 GTX  32 gig RAM  SSD. Usually framerate with most high settings was very good though occasionally it would crawl to almost a stop but then be fine on a subsequent or previous play through. Occasional hard crashes also.Advanced Warfare Single player feels like an extended demo for what could be a truly awesome game. Of course what it really is a demo for a multiplayer game that at the moment is lacking strong numbers of players on servers. It is still disappointing though that after so many sequels in the CoD series that the story is still relatively lacking if not weaker then previous installments.I recommend waiting till the game is well on sale, the current Season pass cost of $50 plus $60 for the base game is insane unless you are a hardcore COD multi player."
76561198134924375,Recommended,209650,18168241,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Swiisher,"Heres a honest review.......Cod AW....Well its good game graphics , Connection , Smoth gameplay , Everything that we should expect from a game of the caliber and pricce . Theres everything from New guns Exo movement , Old guns , New maps , Old maps (Upgraded) , Bunch of customizations , Purchasble and Unlockable though IG gameplay.Know we get into the game , Beautiful arkwork , Cut scenes for campaign if your into that , 10/10 Campaign , or maybe i just love Cod w.e . The Next thing is the MULTIPLAYER , OMg , this is were the game is messed up , MAtchmaking is a pain if you can actually find a match ....Seriously...its ridicoulous , So if you do intend to play TDM all day long with little to none matchmaking as in No Player or Something they have to fix . I can go on an on about this BIG failure but well theres just issues that need to be fixed or people need to purchase the game...lol, No other games in ANY other playlists (other than TDM).....Seriously...Every playlist is dead. OR Broken that is yet unkown to me. Cod also has Zombies gamemode , which is really fun , new small maps, proper matchmaking.  All in all I would recomend a purchase of this game , It needs a bigger player base. Just expect to wait a bit for matches somedays.  8/10Zombies - Fun and interesting ,"
76561197970300025,Not Recommended,209650,18191849,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,EasyGravy,"WHY WONT ANY ONE PLAY ON MULTIPLAYER!!!! NO ONE IS THERE, START PLAIN BOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198019132560,Recommended,209650,18197605,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,AndrySS,"Сюжет кампанииотличается лишь действующими лицами,местом и временем событий CoD 7 Black ops.Мультиплеерне уступает своими особенностями всей серии CoD.Но игроков в сети нет.Игра слишком дорога для себя.Я бы купил ее за 700-1000 рублей и это включая экзо-зомби. Поэтому мультиплеер пуст и многообещающь.Это странно. Я думал доступ к информации и культуре в течение времени должен только упрощаться,как опыт в жизни.Ошибка.Разрекламированый экзо-зомби мод не входит в комплект ""Gold Edition"". Экзо-зомби стоят дороже золота.Экзо-зомби модноваторен так же как в свое время мод зомби в CoD 5 WaW,но не больше.Он стал частью игры,стал традиционен.Но эту традицию разрушили,продав мод,ребенка игры.Итог:Сюжет кампании позаимствован из CoD 7 Black ops,Мультиплеер и мод зомби из предыдущих частей игры. Оправдывает все это экзо костюмы?Они бесплатны внутри игры,но игра стоит 3000 рублей или в три раза дороже чем любая из предыдущих частей."
76561198042415569,Recommended,209650,13256598,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Chr1st4W4lk3n!,"its the best game EVER! graphics are crisp, no stuttering; multiplayer just friggin works! no bs ratatattat and no hits even though you lead your target just right. the story line works. wait this is the DYING LIGHT review, right ok...? oops review in the wrong spot should have been COD is crap and DYING LIGHT is BEAST!"
,Not Recommended,209650,13239983,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,HolyDataDemon,"This game is very enjoyable to play. Yes lag is very abundant through only certain maps. Its because of all the moving backgrounds and the interactive occuranses through hese maps. I see no true error in  buying this game. Although i use an xbox contoller due to I hate a shooter using a mouse and I switched formats with this one from xbox 360 to PC. The game itself is great but, like the community it is a normal ""pre-school"" whining actions from killing the poo 40 year old man claiming you hack. Honestly I love even the exo survivial and the zombie map on the last trier is AMAZING! I am impressed with this game. Ill claim this is way better than ghost. Ghost was a waist of mony but this game kicks it in its teeh. I recommend anyone into buying this game.EDIT: After not playing this game forever because i started to realise the updates and patches were making this game absoutely trash, i then turned to many other games and played betas for months because this game disappointed me to the point that i have even opened up its artetechtures and screwed this game beyond repair to stop me from furthering trying to attempt to even get on the game and find a match. This is poor gameplay guys. This game is so much trash that my dog even sniffs around the tv because the msic starts playing at the menu screen. Believe me my dog loves eating trash. So please befopre u spend the money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Think of buying a coke and drinking it and walking away from this sad attemopt of the COD franchise."
76561198098438990,Not Recommended,209650,17669088,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Tallis,Worst No Games found Ever.....
76561198145282617,Not Recommended,209650,17677709,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Abe Froman,I actually enjoyed playing the  game all the time. I stopped playing fo a while only to come back to crap. I cant ever find a multiplayer session its always telling me no games found. if i do find a game its only about 4 fo them and as they try to connect they fall off. They failed big time with this i dont know what happend......... I want a refund they ruined my purchase. I'm also glad i didnt by the DLC that would have been a big waste. If they would fix the server issue i would recommend but for now this is a don't waste your money
76561198202750116,Not Recommended,209650,17677767,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,shushu | i eat crayons,"it is ok i must say its not the best and theres one reason why it is terribly optimized for the pc you name it it has it.Crashing,fov changes,bugs and a whole bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think you shold not get this game and rather get somthing like bo2.  If you have like a milllion dallar pc go ahead but even tho I have an intel core I7 and a gtx 750 I am still not empressed by sledge hammer. I thought the game it self was ok, cough cough spawns suck. but I wuald not recomend this game to you and my friends"
,Not Recommended,209650,17657648,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Seven,"The single player is decent but nothing revolutionary and very short, the multiplayer is dead.  Not reccommended for the price tag.  Maybe if it drops to like $20."
,Not Recommended,209650,17658058,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Solitude,"In the last 16 hours or so, since getting the game installed, I've experienced 5 Display crashes, and 13 Application Termination errors - I've tried to get the game to run in a stable condition both without and without Sli, I've gone through the list of fixes held on both your own forums and on the games own product forums. The graphics engine is buggy beyond belief, the audio engine carries background noise and routinely repeats with a microsecond delay (typically 3/4 loops at any given moment) and at this juncture I've not even bothered trying to play online. I'd hoped the gold version would have corrected most of these issues, but from what I'm reading now, most people are still having a hard time getting a pleasurable gaming experience.I am, once again, sadly dissapointed by what is claimed to be a 'AAA' title.For the record, system spec: i7-4770K, 2x 780Ti OC. 16GB DDR3 @ 2400, O/S & Steam on separate SSD's.Suffice to say I don't experience this level of problem on other current or recent titles."
,Recommended,209650,17664333,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,wizoz1984,Awesome Multiplayer.
76561197999838554,Not Recommended,209650,17665438,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Cait Sith,Dead multiplayer and the worst single player i have seen in any call of duty game with tons of problems like enemies that take more than 3 magazines to kill or 4 grenades and still survive and then instantly kill you by shooting you through walls
76561198048984702,Not Recommended,209650,16983341,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Wezzo4Reals,NO DEDICATED SERVERS. WASTE OF MONEY
,Recommended,209650,14270306,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Seven.,fun
,Recommended,209650,16985720,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Psy,Not perfect but fun as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209650,18747676,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bakastian,This is sorta good but it's full of hackers because the anticheat is crap other wise it's a good game 5/10
76561198056920498,Recommended,209650,18115985,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Violablecrab074,"Multiplayer still dead, i should have bought bo 3 :/"
76561198055559052,Not Recommended,209650,18967606,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,GramTurizlo,"poor matchmaking,cant find players even for team death match,rest of the mods are basicaly dead..."
,Recommended,209650,18966120,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nack,"It's good, buy it"
76561198050341267,Not Recommended,209650,18966246,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DarthCriterias,Multiplayer does not work at all so only good for story.
76561198160393896,Not Recommended,209650,30572576,Posted: 17 March,all,[HSOWA] Trashmaster,"got bored just thinking about this game enough to write a review.  Atlas did nothing wrong, etc, etc."
76561197990177391,Recommended,209650,18647389,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kolshamen,good game Best  CoD since B02
,Recommended,209650,18645328,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,LaroStar007,"Really like the game, but its a shame that completed challenges dont stay completed after prestigeing.85/100"
76561198119678677,Recommended,209650,18558180,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Alpha,THIS IS SWEET
76561198052846180,Not Recommended,209650,18751909,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,^5CatBugCat,WONT WORK
,Recommended,209650,18756453,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bambwe,BUY THIS FREAK GUYS
76561198086492202,Not Recommended,209650,18755344,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,mojo_185,the game lags and takes too long to load and my pc meets all of the system reqierments  please dont purchase this game save your money for black ops 3 im sure it will be much better oh not to mention the servers on advanced warfare are dead past 11:00 pm
76561198084597445,Not Recommended,209650,18666702,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,La Moo,do not waste you time buying this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥game it is not even worth it
76561198060711455,Recommended,209650,13735664,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DocHitchfly,Its like ninjas with guns
76561198008518214,Recommended,209650,13737075,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Moletang,i dont no what all the fus is about ??? this is the best cod iv played in years!!! and iv played all of them.
,Not Recommended,209650,13775294,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kim Jong Un,"Dont' bother with the multiplayer. All you will find is people running around with lasers that kill you within 2 seconds of hitting you, with infinite ammo might i add, and a single shot gun that ALWAYS insta kills you. This is probably the WORST CoD multiplayer i've ever played."
,Recommended,209650,13775641,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Syrade,this game is pretty friggen sweet
76561198118217500,Recommended,209650,13776510,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DeadAccuracy,i do recommend this game but ca u fix shadow bug so game doesnt freeze
,Recommended,209650,13776713,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kubasio,"Call of Duty Games have always stuck to the tried and true formula: on-the-rails level design, endless enemies, and a cult of personality storyline that always ends with a Hollywood-style final fight scene.  In these respects, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is no different, but it manages to perform this repetition while still being fresh and fun.  The new exo-suit (while an obvious response to Titanfall) brings an exciting new dynamic that improves the gameplay experience.  Unlike Titanfall, with it's sweeping futuristic vistas, you get to use your exo-suit in familiar settings like cityscapes, and office buildings.  Everything feels possible, which I cannot oversell as a necessary element to transmitting intensity to the player.  I feel more engaged because my character is vulnerable, the scenarios are true-to-life, and the equipment makes sense.  It actually feels like a storyline that is possible in the real world (unlike the Black Ops franchise).  Fresh, fun, and innovative; I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,209650,13777918,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gary Oak,BEST CALL OF DUTY YET!
,Recommended,209650,13762364,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SilentBob,"You can definitely tell there's a new team involved in the COD franchise. The new mechanics also hearken back to classic shooters with double-jump and custom grenade types (Sticky, threat, etc). Avatar customization and constant item drops also keep things interesting. Definitely a refreshing change for a series I'd abandoned long ago."
,Recommended,209650,13765068,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Fox,Fun multiplayer. The mechanics are great. The exosuit makes the game enjoyable. Other than that typical CoD.
,Not Recommended,209650,13779636,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,爪卂乂ㄖ,just trying to make a quick buck basically COD advanced titanfall i loved BO2 but this just sucked
,Not Recommended,209650,12823088,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,"Shna Batakha <(""   )","no dedicated servers , Random fps lag in some maps.Game is good but need optimization."
,Recommended,209650,13688399,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bob,Very good game well engineered runs smoothly great game
76561198097469315,Recommended,209650,13681616,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AJ,"well pretty good so far but I can't get onto the multiplayer, I've tried over 20 times but it keeps giving me a message saying that the Advanced Warfare Services Aren't Available, I've also seen other players have this issue."
76561198014056724,Not Recommended,209650,13695918,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Xenok,"I do not recomend this game.I bought 4 copies of it so our family could play together.  Installed and started to play single player to get a feel for the game.Single Player:There is no way to skip the cut sceens and the first mission is more than half cut sceens or interactive cutscenes.  Single player's primary reason for existance is to practice the game mechanics and get a feel for the game.  In this version, unless you wish to spend a bunch of time sitting around waiting you cant do that.Multiplayer:Feels a lot like the old Unreal Tournament game.  I loved that game.  This game is fast pace with no reall hiding or sniping like in past Call of Duty games.  Its a run and gun game like the old Unreal Tournament serries.  The game has none of the ""power ups"" that you ran around and collected.  You do not manage your life to live, you just kill a couple of people die and run back out.  If the past call of Duty games were twitch games, this is a twitch game on steriods.OverallThe game can still be fun, but frankly it attempts to go to more of a fast pace ""Quake"" or ""Unreal Turnament"" play style but lacks the character of those games.  The additional twitch effects without the management of health, weapons and ammo gathering simply makes the game inferior to both play styles.  Its not bad, but its not really good either.  My suggestion look for something that plays like  a war game or something that playes like an arcade game.  This blend of the two really simply plays inferior to both game types that are more focused."
,Not Recommended,209650,13697906,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,wolfblue20,"This is a good game, and amazing game next to the cluster-♥♥♥♥ that is ghosts. However for a $60 usd asking price it has serious problems. The campaign is short as hell, but most cod's are and aren't what you buy cod for...the multiplayer is fun however, the biggest problem is the fact that on pc this game is dead. Unless of course you have some weird fetish for team deathmatch, because that's litteraly the only game mode you will find, not even domination!. After less then 2 months this game is already dead, and as such is not worth the asking price at all. If you have a ""next-gen"" console maybe buy this game on that, but if not just avoid this one"
76561198134179182,Recommended,209650,13663509,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ALIENS ARE INVADING,The game is good but there are sum gliches in the game and zombies is not out yet
,Recommended,209650,13664716,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SirPotsAlot III,"Look we all know this is call of duty. I think this time though the new ways of gameplay bring in some breath into the game. Would I play full price? No. But if you can it at a discount, it is worth the try."
76561198066681716,Not Recommended,209650,13664887,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Garbage Man,This PC port is as bad as North Korea's ability to take a joke. 0/10 would give a a pint of blood to get a refund.
,Not Recommended,209650,12895671,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jordee,"My first review was positive but after a drawn out process of lag, disconnections and not being able to connect at all, sometimes for days, it gets the thumbs down. Company too interested in console folk at Microshaft .A lot of players are using the laser guns which kill competitiveness, they just wave them around and get multikills with ease, dont even need to worry about aiming too much.The PC folk are an after thought so unless they fix the problems with this game I wouldnt buy it."
,Recommended,209650,13667020,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DribDribs,"This game is very good but try to not go against higher rank players on mulitplayer at the start, the campagin is very good a intresting. The Techongly in this game (in-game) is quite cool to play with and also what i like about this game is that i can hook up a xbox 360 controller very easyily without a mapping tool.I give this game a 8/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,17898028,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,XeNoN,"More money,Low gameplay"
76561197998417076,Not Recommended,209650,17871714,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,IrishFarmer,"This game sucks.  The PC community is already dead, so multiplayer won't be happening.  Apparently, there were problems that Activision made absolutely no effort to fix.  I paid $110 for this game and haven't been able to play for more than a dozen hours or so.  I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER COD AGAIN.  I haven't been burned this badly since that time I microwaved bacon for 5 minutes and pulled the plate out with my bare hands.  Don't get this game!  Unless you want to spend $60 for a mediocre single player campaign that barely lasts longer than a virgin on his wedding night.  I'm done with this series and anything else this developer makes.  They've scammed me hard enough."
76561198000631258,Not Recommended,209650,17872886,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Iamretorted,On the verge of blops3 and the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067800477,Not Recommended,209650,17881496,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gumby,"How do game designers continue to get away with this on steam. The only multiplayer experience truly available to pc gamers is zombies, but that wont stop them from letting u pay 80 dollars for about 30 maps ull never even get to see. In addition, the service barely even works correctly, and the only variant available, zombies, literally takes about fifteen minutes to find a lobby. I've port forwarded, changed ini to block false lobby listings, and now im fed up with this. I guess they could blame the community, but in the meantime nothing is being done about this situation. Ive played since i was 14 and now that ive switched to pc am i just unable have the cod experience even though its available here on steam? If thats the case should this game be on steam in the first place, because in a sense (that probably doesnt have legal implications) this is false advertising?"
,Recommended,209650,17803749,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,KID RAYN,"Amazing game when it first came out, but as I explored it it seemed to be a little to 'Advanced.' But, I still enjoy it alot. It doesn't really feel like a Call of Duty game, but rather it's own genre. Still a great game, would be even better if more people played and the community broadened. Personally I find TDM games instantly, but all other game modes are impossible."
,Recommended,209650,17802330,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SaLoKinG,"I was not a fan of call of duty since it was my rival because I was playing counter strike games.But this one suggested by one of my friends named Mr.AssA66 that you can find on youtube facebook steam pretty easily.I started to play, at the begining it was very hard and tough for me because the futurisme gameplay with the exo boosters were like wtf this is for kids lmfao. Anyways after playing and understand the game I started to enjoy it and obviously I got fired up and started becoming better and better.I used to be the kind of people that blame one game just because of rivalry with other games that we prefere but I clearly recomend this game that is a little bit hard to handle but really enjoying when played with friends and at a proper level."
,Recommended,209650,17803407,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Alijacup29,Good Game Love IT
76561198035796218,Not Recommended,209650,17820006,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Prototype__,Fun but No games found
76561198056376020,Not Recommended,209650,17822155,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,beep beep,YOUR SERVERS SHOULD BE UPGRADED AFTER ALL THE MONEY I SPEND
76561198050548617,Not Recommended,209650,17827198,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,xDeh,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SLEDGEHAMMER YOU DONE A GREAT JOB OF ♥♥♥♥ING UP PEOPLES LIVES\\\\!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198033240744,Not Recommended,209650,17827694,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Stazorm,This is probably the worst piece of s*** game I've ever tried in my life... do not buy this!its filled with bugs and locks up my computer till i have to restart. OMG why did i buy this :(
76561198106450637,Not Recommended,209650,17971237,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Loony,"Oh. I have to pay for the game, then spend anothert £30+ to play the rest of the game? What a money grabbing scheme. Can't play zombies without buying the DLC, that's complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,209650,13781388,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Weedomaker,soo many damn cheaters-sometimes lag-dying quickly-no gun game-infected glitch you can kill your teammates-i dont like this game!
76561198193873666,Not Recommended,209650,16939670,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Roz,Cant find a game so gay.
76561197988267624,Recommended,209650,16954309,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,kcwill2,"A lot of fun but, REEEEAAALLLY buggy. I mean insanely buggy. As in every mission has a level killing bug. holy crap! did they even test this thing? yet I still play it."
,Recommended,209650,16960469,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Stephan NL,its a good game but many hackers:(
76561198093506108,Recommended,209650,12925119,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,PunMate,The best game ever ı love it
76561198204566389,Recommended,209650,16936337,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,a.a.alkahlout,Great game :)
76561198045711360,Recommended,209650,16937616,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,N3GRODAMUS,"This is a real good game. Story line is good, multiplayer action is good. The only downfall this game has is lack of support from the PC community and dedicated servers."
,Not Recommended,209650,12922066,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,my name meme,"Why, why would you play an inferior game like this!!! There are so many games out there that are much betterGo buy terraria, Borderlands1or2, or, ANYTHING OTHER THAN THIS PEICE OF CARPYes i said carp... stupid censoring filter."
,Recommended,209650,14476994,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,StaticSpookler,"Has fluid gameplay (in terms of player locomotion and maps) and decently balanced gunplay. But it has one major flaw -- the multiplayer. You can only play TDM or FFA due to the lack of players. This may very well be an issue that only applies to me (I doubt it), but I haven't been able to find a Momentum, Uplink or any ""objective based"" gamemode match."
76561198125453465,Recommended,209650,14503754,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,♫◄SanTa CaPe►♫™,ok so this is very very good game!! i am playing this game only one year and i have so much fun! (: i am recommend you to play this game...
76561198041199475,Not Recommended,209650,14504367,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,◄▲ Illuminati▼ ◄,"The game is a mess. There are more errors, it crashes, won't read graphics cards well and to be honest, I am mad at myself for dropping 70$ on a giant peice of garbage. I was able to go trhough the campaign at unsynced voice acting, dropping frame rates for no reason. The multiplayer? The game won't even run anymore, can't go 1080p can't go fullscreen and crashes alot. Its the same CoD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but this time there is even DLC, not only for maps but also your character. This game is a scam and not worth nearly half of what it costs right now.PS Its not like I have a weak system. Nvidia Graphics GTX760, INtel Core I7 @ 3.5GHz, 15.94 Usable GB, windows 8.1, 1920x1080, 60HzIts medium range custom Built PC. Other games run fine, so its definately not the system failing, its the game."
76561197979354524,Recommended,209650,14506541,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Antares,"Barely recommend it for most of the same reasons that the majority in the community complain about. If you're looking for something new to play until something better comes along, pony up the bucks and you'll have fun with it for awhile. Just be willing to overlook a few issues and it's not that bad of a game. Hopefully they'll support it a bit better and patch it a few more times, including providing some DLC map and weapon packs. It's definitely better than MW2 and Ghosts...IMO."
,Not Recommended,209650,14506678,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Turtle,"Great game, but a huge lack of players on PC.Can rarely get a good SnD match together lately.Would not recommend buying unless you plan to grab DLC season pack causethere probably won't be many players on till then."
,Recommended,209650,14507778,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bambi,Great Game. Like Always Great Cause ITs COD
76561197981128156,Recommended,209650,14508224,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Halcyon,Game is avarage cod so its okay but PLZ fix the server is not available at this time please try again later thing cos it is really anyoing :/ :/
,Recommended,209650,14509035,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,PCMasterRace242,"This is a great game I love it and always have a great time whenever I play it. The graphics are amazing. I love exo survival mode, and all the other parts of the game are great too. The only bad thing I could say is that multiplayer games take way longer to load than they should, and its hard to find a game online in game types other than Team Deathmatch."
76561198076558250,Recommended,209650,14591920,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,KnAs,very nice game and it have a nice multiplayer
,Not Recommended,209650,14614520,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Argonauts,Single player = 8.5/10Multiplayer = 5/10The matchmaking is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!!! especially on Rank.How come bronze players meets a full team diamond player?SO BALANCED..
76561198173195789,Recommended,209650,14616815,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,patriick 40FPS,Good !
76561198022282438,Not Recommended,209650,14601922,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Funkymonkey0073,"Never in my life have I had so many issues logging into a game, it would be a high score but hey gotta play it to love it!!!"
,Recommended,209650,13816596,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,vacaneboy,In comparison to my NBA 2K15 review I do not have much to say about this game. I have one thing to say: meh I got this game for $45 on sale and you should wait for a sale to buy it too. Not worth $60. 7/10 get it on sale. :/
,Recommended,209650,13899320,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,KrytRus -_^,Греат Гэйм
76561198011302960,Recommended,209650,13902331,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,capt carnage,Great gameplay and smooth graphics. For me there is occasional lag but not dealbreaker.  But if you're into multiplayer and on a pc forget it.  Rare to find matches any more since no dedicated servers.
76561198137323175,Recommended,209650,13879384,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,theFrozenSquid,amazing game. well done sledghammer games. get this it is amazing. no problems exept a little lag
76561198150058380,Recommended,209650,13879438,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Daylor,good game
,Recommended,209650,13880660,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sky,Nice game.
,Recommended,209650,13911909,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,yzguM[bk],Best COD in my opinion! Tons of fun!
76561198080207340,Recommended,209650,13903009,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lonnie,"Gameplay is quite fun.  The lack of dedicated servers is problematic.  The lag is Killer.  I have mediocre high speed, moderate ping, low down/upload speeds.  Can be frusterating to be killed by a bullet that appears to travel through walls.  Honestly, I wish I had bought it for my Xbox."
76561198039820964,Recommended,209650,14390500,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,davisshoots,"Started to give up on the Call of Duty series but this game brought it all back. Fantastically fun, love it."
76561198064474224,Not Recommended,209650,12877578,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,MJShooter,"Edit: This game is effectively worthless at this point. In prime time, there is one game of Domination and maybe 5 of TDM, most of which are filled with hackers and/or are complete lagfests. Can no longer recommend.Overall 8/10Campaign 8.5/10The only reason I purchased this game was because I wanted a CoD for PC and heard there was zombies. However, it turns out this game has much more to offer than that. The storyline is actually quite interesting. There are very few choices during the campaign, more like following the footsteps laid out; still entertaining though.Exo-survival 7/10Exo-survival is fun, not great. It gets very repetitive. In order to unlock new maps, you must get past 50/75/100 rounds for each tier. No rank system like MW3 survival. Still a good mode just to mess around and have some fun quickscoping bots.Multiplayer 8.5+/10Multiplayer has a lot of potential. With the addition of exo-suits, the gameplay has gone vertical. All the maps have many layers and the combat is often times more vertical than horizontal. I personally have not had the issues with lag that so many others have complained about. Only one map seems to lag consistently. However, I do have my complaints. The gun choices seem limited, only a few guns are actually usable, and those are unlocked immediately. It really takes the variability out of the game. No bomb based gamemodes, besides S&R/S&D. No gun game or one in chamber or any similar party game mode. Basically, its TD or Domination because none of the other game modes which do exist ever have enough players to get a decent game. Overall, I do enjoy and recommend this game. It is a step in the right direction for the series. If they were to fix these minor issues in a DLC or Patch, I would recommend 100%."
,Not Recommended,209650,14403056,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Stannis Baratheon,"It's fun enough but seriously no dedicated servers, wot. Can't truly reccomend it, but would still play as I already have it."
76561198039802500,Not Recommended,209650,14404428,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Actuosity,"I would not recommend this game for two reasons, its a call of duty game and the only reason its worth buying is multi player. Thats reason oneReason number 2, unless you're trying to play call of duty late night on friday, there is no one on. EVER the multiplayer will often take 20 - 30 minutes to find enough plays for one game, by the time that happens some people would be out of gaming time.Do not purchase unless you enjoy wasting money."
,Recommended,209650,13879554,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fucking Ninja,its not always login to the game for me ): i payed for a game and its not working properlysometimes i need 5 times to start the multiplayer until its log in and work
76561198113548218,Recommended,209650,14432049,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,FallOutGamer,good game
76561198093977948,Recommended,209650,14420111,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,kevinguo2476,IS OSM
76561198066752035,Not Recommended,209650,14421031,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ChiTownTino,BUGGY as Hell! but i like it when i can play it
76561198071832722,Not Recommended,209650,14423163,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Teambringit,"After playing this game through two whole prestige tiers and seeing updates that literally have fixed nothing, I've finally been prompted to write my first ever review on Steam. Simply put, this game is a mess. No dedicated servers, terrible hitches and lock ups. Certain maps just won't load at all (Looking at you Recovery and Defender.) A week ago they would load but took longer. I've tried all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t workarounds people have posted here and other sites, they don't work. This game is an unfinished piece of garbage I wholeheartedly regret spending money on. Instead of trying to spark people's nostalgia with bunny hoping moves ala Halo, you should have focused on what actaully makes COD enjoyable. Varied maps and weapons, different play styles, and the classic exp per kill mechanics. Instead you tried to reinvent your own wheel by adding in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ exo system,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor kill streaks, and weapons such as the laser rifle that stray too far from the COD most people prefer. I'm sure fanbois will argue otherwise, but this game is already empty. You literally CANNOT find a game mode other than TDM, and once in awhile Mosh Pit if you're lucky. No one is on this scrap of junk. After pouring 250+ hours into Black Ops II this is certainly a step in the wrong direction. In before different publishers. Sledgehammer shouldn't be allowed to develop anymore games, let alone COD. Save yourself the time and money and play this on Xbox where it is at least probably optimized and maps load and there aren't blatant cheaters. This game sucks."
,Recommended,209650,14441089,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Pablosky101,I love this game!
,Not Recommended,209650,14443331,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,OsteoPerosis,"Definitely not worth $60 USD. The multiplayer was rushed and it took about 2-3 bullets to kill people, not a good idea with a game with such a lack of recoil."
76561197987418290,Recommended,209650,14489937,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,|KoF|reaper|rs*,"This is by far the best COD i have every played. Dont get me wrong it could be a lot better, but i find this game to be extremely fun"
,Recommended,209650,14492195,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Feelin Fine,Love it but it is really laggy sometimes
,Not Recommended,209650,14435981,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Specter,"Pros:The campaign was very fun to play (but short).  The graphics are good, animations are good.  No crashes for me.  I`ve played ALL the CoD so far, and I enjoyed this one.Cons:This game is sadly short.  $69 (CAD) for a 6 hours long campaign?  Are you kidding me?  It's incredibly scripted, not leaving me a choice to make even once.  Also, multiplayer looks meh.  Played 10 minutes and wasn't interrested in more."
,Not Recommended,209650,14435983,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,SeveralGecko,"The game has been out for months now and still I have inexcusable performance on three of the maps (the others all run smoothly at 40-60fps). The frames on these maps dip at random points to below 10 and make it unplayable.As for the game itself, whilst I can appreciate the mix up to the CoD formula, I really don't care for it. I find I cannot adapt to the pace of the game, mostly because I prefer to play on lower sensitivity and that just doesn't cut it with people flying about all over the place. I guess that's my issue but all the same I can't recommend this game both from a personal preference standpoint, as well as performance-wise."
,Not Recommended,209650,14436303,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Huabbada,It has the potential to be great but fails with laggy servers and terrible pricing. 4/10
76561197993434912,Recommended,209650,14139117,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,irateogle,Best COD game since MW2.  Needs MP servers!
76561198019574087,Not Recommended,209650,14481520,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Chris,"Slightly uncertain about this game. It is fun, but the huge and unskippable cutscenes take away from replay value. I find that I need to take a book with me to read while I wait for them to finish to keep away boredom. Also, the constantly shifting key mappings (/ additional skills) mean that you will never feel completely in control. Also, there is that deeply frustrating gameplay component during action sequences in which you must be passively swept along, except for the occasional prompt to ""press F right now."" This does not add to the game, takes no real skill and could easily be automated. Overall, it is okay, but really not amazing."
,Not Recommended,209650,13385792,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sylvie,"max perstiege (15th + level50) edit.If PC would actually get patch, then I would say its one of the best CoD since MW series imo.If they do decide to get dedicated server one day for PC, that be great.I got my money worth out of the game by time wise though.Gameplay changed quite alot with new Exos and exo ability, some are useful and some are just fun to use.Guns are not that well balanced, in every patch somehow theres one gun that gets buffed to the next level and becomes the new OP weapon.Although guns are not balanced, gameplay itself is quite fun, specially Uplink. Although sadly nobody plays it on PC, aaaaaand everyone plays TDM in uplink for some reason.Only stress Im having over this game is the loot system. As mentioned above, some guns over power other weapons easily but sometime its not the weapon itself but the varient that will stump on every other weapons.Since the game have loot system giving varient of gun and equipments, its easy for me to get stressed getting a useless stuff from the loot box which you earn by time played in game (one box around 30~40minute).It seems they advertise to have 1000+ items in the box but it just seems that people only get 100 items repeatly over and over and over they dont want, its just not fun for me with this box opening.They give you NO reward for how much time you have put in the game, perstiege after perstiege and look at me, still using a burst rifle I got from 3 or 4th perstiege when I want to stop using a burst rifle they give you even MORE burst rifle.So, if you are like me who stress over items you get, you may not find the game so fun after playing match after match, box after box trying to find that ONE FLIPPING GUN that you want.Im still using ARX I got from 3,4th perstiege, and I got an Elite ARX around 13,14th perstiege thats just worse in stat wise compare to the one I've been using. Dont even ask how many AMR(4shot burst ""SMG"" that cant kill anyone with one burst unless you have one of Elite which happend to have one of the worse rate of fire in SMG) I got so far. Wtf, game."
76561198083073891,Not Recommended,209650,12988638,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ba$ed Nate,Just like borderlands the pre sequal-Butt slamming-Reused weapons-Awful servers-Huge let down-Had potential
76561198161938431,Not Recommended,209650,13289109,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,JmyZna,"Im very disappointed in this new Call of Duty.The graphics are decent, but the gameplay is horrible. If you enjoy the ""pick one of three weapons"" games, where there are about 40 weapons to choose, youll enjoy this. There are a few guns that are stacked as far as viability, the rest are horrible. I personally enjoy sniping, there is no way you can snipe and end with a positive score in this game.There are hackers in almost every game. I have reported multiple amounts of them, yet see them a few days later in another game.I have played through to prestige just to see if it got better, well there are more hackers thrown into those games than other games.Not too happy about the 60$ I just wasted on this game, but I will move on, and hope within the next month they fix the water effects to dull the lag on multiple maps, and ban the hackers.The worst part is the actual hits on other players dont even truely have to hit them half the time. If you watch the last kill replays, half of the time youll see someone spray and praying, but shooting over the guys shoulder but blood splattering.This game was very poorly designed, very disappointed because I used to fully enjoy CoD"
,Recommended,209650,13143052,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kirbstompo,"Very fun multiplayer expirence, actually msking a GOOD CoD game for years. Some maps howver are higly unoptimized and very stuttery."
76561197998890537,Not Recommended,209650,13064029,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Wabafet,"This game has so many performance and latency issues that it is frustrating trying to play it.  Sometimes it runs fine other times it locks up and stutters heavily the entire match, even in the between game intermission.  It is fun when it works but it just as often doesn't.  It may be better than the past Call of Duty PC ports but it is still a broken mess.  Don't bother with this until they put the effort in to fix it."
,Recommended,209650,13064248,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sethisto,"Way better than the last few.  Hopefully they keep it up! Lots of interesting additions, from the sci-fi style weapons to the suit powers. It's still completely on rails, but I got a good 8 hours out of the campaign."
,Recommended,209650,13064992,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,BlastedChutoy,Good game. Better than Ghosts. Plays a lot like Black Ops 2. Not mcuh more to be said. Lazers.
,Not Recommended,209650,13065049,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Realfolkblues12,this game sucks
76561197970560985,Not Recommended,209650,13066380,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Groon,"It's terrible! Did you like the bits in MW2 where you fell off a roof and had to run though market places without a weapon?  If you didn't then don't buy this tub of sh*t.  You play the dumbest ""super soldier"" of all time, your ""hero"" has the dexterity of a 2 year old as such you spend much of the game falling off everything in cut scene after crappy cut scene.  Your ""game immersion"" comes in the form of occasional button mashing to try and stop you clumbsy as f**k character from dying every second because you failed to complete a double jump at the right moment.After falling and mashing your way through the cut scene you might get to play a brief mission where crappy weapon design, dodgy blocking, awful collisons and frustrating AI await at every turn to make this one of the worst gaming experiences you'll ever have.  Don't buy this turd it sucks and you'll hate every second of your purchase.  Instead wait for the inevitable sequel ""Call of Duty: We're really sorry""."
,Recommended,209650,13068282,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Amun Khonsu,Good game but campaign is a little short.  Typical COD playstyle.
,Recommended,209650,13068668,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,BiN,"A very solid multiplayer that is both fast paced and engaging.As far as the singleplayer goes, it's about what you can expect storywise from a call of duty game."
,Recommended,209650,13068890,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Beastmode,"Very good single player, good idea, the multiplayer just needs some updates with the deticated servers and needs anti hacker stuff"
76561198014161619,Recommended,209650,13157779,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,PewPewMcPants,Fun arcade style time. The fun experience could be more consistent if there are dedicated servers. The current maps are well designed to take advantage of the fact that there are boosters with the exo-suits to increase vertical mobility. Advance Warfare definitely strays away from the cover to cover style of a first-person-shooter game and has fully embraced the run and gun shoot'em up. The ability to dash in all direction creates a sense of speed and agility to become very manuverable; it creates memorable moments of dodging enemy fire and dishing out new angles of attack than previous Call of Duty games.Much pew pew's were had and I look forward to pew pew'ing some more.
76561197989092985,Not Recommended,209650,13103070,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Slinky,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ end of.
,Recommended,209650,13107886,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,gelno55,"It's a whole lot better than Ghosts, but it's still a Call of Duty."
76561197961357588,Not Recommended,209650,13047923,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ImpureFreak.tv,Last Call of Duty I buy. Terrible hacker ridden garbage. Lag compensation issues STILL after 5 years.
,Not Recommended,209650,13047925,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Raging Over Rocket Cars,"I dont write a lot of reviews but here goes.This is probably my favorite COD in the series next to BOPS1 and MW2Pros:- Great graphics- Game runs great with AMD FX 6300 GTX 760 8 GIG ram and SSD drive no stuttering or computer  lag at all max settings- Always feels like youre unlocking something new, its fun doing those little challenges every now and       then- More balanced scorestreaks- Menus are neatly arranged.Cons:- Unbalanced Weapons - Everyone is using the BAL for a reason.- Network issues/Lag makes the game very frustrating.  Some matches will show a good ping for all  players but its not really like that.  One minute your sprinting through a door and see a guy coming at you, you start to shoot but then youre already dead.  you see the Killcam and you see that he was already through the door and you didnt even shoot the gun. Wtf?  It needs to be fixed releasing the game with no dedicated servers was a terrible idea I really wish they didnt treat paying customers/fans like this.- No anticheat system?- Stability issues when loading matches.  Some maps will load and some maps wont.  Sometimes when you connect to a bad host it will sit and ""synchronizing game settings"" for about 5 minutes before kicking you back to the lobby. having to Alt-F4 everytime this happens is a chore.When these issues get worked out i could recommend the game but right now I can't recommend purchasing or supporting the PC version because it seems as though Activision doesnt even support the PC version or the players."
76561198067437877,Not Recommended,209650,13048144,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,GhettoTrout,"Nothing new here, more of the same twitch combat you have seen in the past. The main problem with this years edition is the same problem that has plagued every game in this series: Lag. There is no excuse for not having dedicated servers, for a game that requires split second reaction times.The community has been loyal to this company for too long, we have been asking for dedicated servers for way too many installments, the guys at Activison/Treyarch/Sledghammer have given us their answer year after year... a giant middle finger...Don't make the mistake of buying this game if you have played any in the past... Personally I have bought one every other year in hopes that it feels like COD4... I have been dissapointed in this franchise and feel Ripped Off."
76561198147502214,Recommended,209650,13048623,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,DONNY DON,well worth it for a cod
,Recommended,209650,13049192,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sky,"Good game for CAMPAIGN, Have not tried Multiplayer or online. 9/10. If you like Halo 1. this is your game. Play style is 10/10, graphics 9/10 and only issue is mini stuttering which with a 780 and a 4790k shouldnt be an issue.Optimized well.Downside is price as well as long intro every time you log."
76561198015632324,Not Recommended,209650,13154515,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Frank The Punk,every game hack watchhttps://www.youtube.com/user/200xxl
,Recommended,209650,13018426,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,zzericzz,"Its a good game to kill time.Its fun, havent experience unplayable lagwish the game was more populated."
,Recommended,209650,16191700,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Matarah,"Great physics and graphics, fun gameplay.  Wish maps were a bit bigger and more players were allowed in multiplayer, but very good game anyways!"
,Not Recommended,209650,16191897,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TheRedOne27,Su8ck
,Recommended,209650,16192773,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,♫Pαωχιє♫,the best CoD version so far
,Not Recommended,209650,16177256,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Weed Smokage,I would recommend this game for any console. not for PC. to many try hards. and devs dont care about the lag. worst 60$ spent on PC game. will enjoy on console....
,Recommended,209650,16550762,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Wolf,"It's a great game no doubt, but there is one thing that make this not live up to the standereds of the play. The probelm is the spawning, with all other call of dutys you always had a 20% chance of spawning next to an enemy for them to kill you, or the enemys spawning infront of you at the start of the game so they can kill you, oh and also the set spawns don't have the biggest probabilty of changing to give you a chance, as i was playing the otherday and i got spawned in the same play 6 times and killed instantly by the same person 6 times and this always happens. So gameplay, physics and respons = good, spawning = very very very bad"
76561198111382127,Not Recommended,209650,16537630,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ironcookie,6/10AWESOME CAMPAGIN MODEbut theres no servers to play on for muiltyplayer
,Not Recommended,209650,13153792,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,^2IaMtHaTdUcK,"Press ""F"" to pay respects to this game."
76561198151581986,Recommended,209650,16549886,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Haruhiro - ハルヒロ,this game is good but you need 8 ram :((
76561198008332342,Recommended,209650,16357830,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CHIEF WAHOO[DSC],Best one yet........
76561197972631979,Not Recommended,209650,16358037,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Durt Reynolds,decent game. too many hackers
,Recommended,209650,16359876,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zombie,the best game of all time
76561197973400019,Not Recommended,209650,16267139,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,{GOB} Jet Lag,"NO- Great Game but server rarely works properly and updates have caused massive problems with getting into games. Avoid this Game unless you only want to play the sinlge player campaign. Multiplayer was great until they ""updated"" it until it no longer works - very few people play and have the time you can not get into the few games that are running."
,Recommended,209650,16393518,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TechOFreak,Better than ghost
,Not Recommended,209650,12872606,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,BAWB.BAGET,Kevin Spacey GFX makes me moist ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198077309258,Recommended,209650,16071254,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PeanutButterSlut,Pretty good
,Recommended,209650,16079161,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Biggsyboy,"Don't know why most people write a bad review about this game, the story obviously is a bit hit and miss and they added exosuits which they did before titanfall and more diversity within the game.the multiplayer is okay not bad again the jump system in this game gives the map more explore-able, snipers are downgraded which is good and a big improvement from other CODs *Cough* ""Ghost""overall i give this game 8/10"
76561198081917899,Not Recommended,209650,16116132,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kush Energy,Online is Garbage... That is why i bought the game but can't play search and destroy.... call of duty is a joke i want my money back...  I bought the dlc for this game.... console has better online you get your money's worth.... pc you don't have only played 4 of the maps on dlc.... zombies yea works still doesn't make it feel ok to get screwed out of bout 100 bucks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t You know why steam is so cheap cause there games or not that good... alot early access. I went from console to pc im begaing to think its a mistake.... so if steam goes down or out of bissness what happens to our games we bought? are we screwed out of money ?
,Not Recommended,209650,16326535,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Chris Hemsworth,"It's a great game, but quite literally no-one play's on the PC version, so if you want it, get it for the Ps4 or Xbox One. If your alright with the campaign and bot's well then go ahead."
,Recommended,209650,16330011,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,PRINCY,"do you want to be Fallow, fellow and FASTER; STRONGER THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR U!!!"
76561198189256701,Not Recommended,209650,16297594,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ryanator,I do not like the amount of jumping in this game and the game plays way too fat for my liking. It all boils down to personal prefrence. If you like super fast paced games advanced warfare is for you it's just not my thing.
,Recommended,209650,12799273,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,WaShEDBuRnEd14,eh. its bf4.titanfall.cod.halo. all wrapped into one. pretyt cool.
76561198021048320,Not Recommended,209650,16322874,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,кภคєqย g๏l๔,One word♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,16273925,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Legend,updates & patches♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my game
,Not Recommended,209650,14722118,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,skeetons,"Constant lag, bad fps, and to get the other half of the game you need a season pass! 10/10 would buy if I had enough money to wipe my♥♥♥♥♥with $100 notes"
76561198113475618,Recommended,209650,16316074,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BruciferX,Bought Gold Edition was not givin all the DLC that was supposed to come with it
,Not Recommended,209650,16316773,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Biggie Cheese,"Don't bother buying this game, Unoptimized, barely any players. Go buy black ops II instead."
,Recommended,209650,16447951,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Каха,Hello My friend
76561198149405663,Recommended,209650,16365591,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,R@G!,good
,Recommended,209650,16369493,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NIGHTHAWKZGHE,it's good but some of the maps arent loading.
,Recommended,209650,15717306,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,[XCR] SiLVeR.RoG,"EXO means true 3 dimensional gaming, I like it.They should soon fix the synchronize-issues tho ..."
76561198188461218,Recommended,209650,15718817,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,uWot?,NICE GAME
76561198135024857,Recommended,209650,13028537,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,aronaza123,so... i have 101 hours on record... that explains this whole review in afew words...
,Not Recommended,209650,15695348,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dave Mustardstain,"All around fun. The graphics are awesome, and the cutscenes are awe inducing. The exo suits really spiced things up this time around. Unfortunatley the game is EXTREMELY prone to crashing without any explanation. Another bothersome issue is random and sometimes game wrecking FPS drops in both single player and multiplayer. In the 48 hours I've owned the game its crashed about 15 in single player and 4 or 5 times in multiplayer. There were also multiple times when playing online the controls (both keyboard and mouse) would become completley unresponsive. With a 3 year cycle there should not be any crash issues. Feeling a little ripped off about that. Tried multiple fixes including turning graphics down as low as they go and the problem was still just as frequent. Online matchmaking can be frusterating at times and it would seem the PC community is much smaller than the console community for this title. Activision really needs to patch the crash issues, as well as the issues in controls, FPS drops etc. I know these issues aren't caused by my drivers or my PC because I've updated ALL my drivers and clean installed them as well and my PC more than meets the minimum system reqs (optimal settings are high in both MP/SP."
76561197983216686,Not Recommended,209650,15361468,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Sponge,Call of duty has become unplayable it has more problem then any other CoD and is not worth the time aor the stress
,Recommended,209650,15367168,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,lostfile,this game seems a bit better then the othere cod games ive played
,Recommended,209650,15370959,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Codeman91,This call of duty game is a lot of fun. Only downfall is that it takes forever to get connected to a match online at times. Other than that the game plays great and it looks great!
76561198174840190,Recommended,209650,15371387,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Bloody_Breeze,great game. story mode short but makes up with competetive muliplayer
76561198188288813,Not Recommended,209650,15385255,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,andrei.restea1994,it wont run on my radeon graphics card and everytime i switch it it turns  off plx fix return my money
76561198001100749,Not Recommended,209650,15403144,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Feli,this game is crap !  Do not buy it !
76561198019190026,Recommended,209650,15434491,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,bneklia,"Can't run the multiplayer COD AW, message says there is a memory problem? why!!!!!!"
,Recommended,209650,13299522,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,.kaleid0sc0p3,Need community-run Dedi servers like COD4 and COD Black Ops.Exo movement is a groundbreaking. +10 c:weapons aren't great.energy weapon is cool.
76561198093605814,Not Recommended,209650,13441888,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,XKriegX,"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is an exceptional game – in theory.  The Campaign is well written, spectacularly visualized, and challenging to complete.  Following the story of a young Marine fallen on hard times, the player comes into their own through extensive practice opportunities built into the campaign storyline.  Call of Duty Advanced Warfare sports new weapons and armaments that allow a more vertical player experience that redefines the Call of Duty brand.  Strong character development and stunning visuals allows the player to control a game on par with a summer action blockbuster – in theory.However, the game has drawbacks.Due to the graphics intensity of this next-gen title, the Campaign load screens for a computer like mine that just meets the recommended specs are anywhere from 45 seconds to 5 minutes longer than the cut-scenes placed between chapters.  The game lacks a way to interrupt a cut scene to save and quit, leaving the player trapped at a loading screen waiting to safely exit the game.The Multiplayer experience is expansive and very fun to play – if you can gain access to “Online Services.”  Overall, the connectivity experience falls well short of my expectations.  With a PC setup, I would have expected much better connectivity to online matchmaking in Exo-Survival and normal Multiplayer formats.  A shortage or outright lack of dedicated servers cripples the number of available matches in obscure game types and opens up lobbies to be unfairly dominated by the P2P host.  I tried to play Exo-Survival tonight after today’s recent patch and gave up after 54 minutes of receiving “System unavailable” messages.  Perhaps recent attempts to remedy the matchmaking system’s poor performance have instead exacerbated the initial problem.All in all, Call of Duty Advanced Warfare is somewhat fun in Campaign mode but unattractive as an online Multiplayer FPS.  I hope that the developers of the franchise will fix the multiplayer issues that have plagued Call of Duty games since Modern Warfare 2 and earlier."
76561198061554388,Not Recommended,209650,13442271,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Chowdah,Average FPS pooped out every year around the same time. 5/10.  I would not recommend this to other people.
76561198110689699,Recommended,209650,13568943,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,76561198110689699,"found a 9 year old kid, said he is mlg"
76561198018920652,Recommended,209650,13569007,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dirty Harry,"This game would be brilliant if it wasnt for cheating turds on multiplayer, it absolutley can spoil a game completely.  You report the player but what actually happens?  I still recommend the game but just be aware of cheating scum bags."
76561198104078267,Not Recommended,209650,13572942,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Left Shark Papaya,Cant even load the campiagn or multiplayer up
76561198086055600,Not Recommended,209650,13593206,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PuSSy_MasTer,why i didn't get  early access  Havoc dlc early access  ????where is my AE4 gun :(
76561198061701567,Not Recommended,209650,13595497,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,LostWon,"This game would be the best COD if it wasn't for the issues that plague it. Connection issues left and right. Lag, video micro stutter. Extremely poor optimisation for PC. I'm running a GTX 980 Super Clock and this game lags like I'm running a 6600GT. The game only seems to run when you use the ""optimum settings"" config which renders the game to the xbox one graphics and 65 fov. It still lags and video micro stutter happens even with ""optimum settings"". Do youself a favor and skip this one. P.S. it's filled with aimbotters/wallhackers with no way to properly deal with them as the report systems does nothing at all."
,Recommended,209650,13596668,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MaryBeHere,"I like that the game has greater kill streaks and not many over powerd guns,and that some maps from black ops 2 i think came back (Sorry if i said wrong game)"
76561198064313200,Not Recommended,209650,13581732,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,AlexH,"Singleplayer is decent if you can get past not being able to change the fov. it also has very predictable story.Zombies i got hopes that this will make the game worth playingMulitiplayer:pros: -loot creates drops.  ( provides a much needed diversity in customization of your character.)cons:   -no dedicated servers-uses NAT type control on pc (makes it hard or impossible to join friends) ^ router may not suport port forwarding- LAG (sometimes so bad it makes the game unplayble)- most of the guns are almost useless (sniper rifles all but the railgun, rocket / grenade launchers, handguns)- some game modes are almost unplayable because not there are very few people playing most people are play team deathmatch (at the moment it is the 35 most played game on steam with around 10.000 people playing at the high point today)"
,Not Recommended,209650,16852907,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Desperado,this game sucks
76561198130484671,Not Recommended,209650,16853842,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,flashstunned,No one plays this game at all. Huge waste of time and $
,Not Recommended,209650,14303158,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Yawanoc,"It's been months since I made my review, so I decided to update it :PThis could've been the best CoD yet, but it just isn't.  The lobbies are scarce (I hope you like TDM, that's literally all I can ever find), and learning curve is huge (most people still playing have invested hundreds of hours in the game... it just isn't the same for a casual like me).  Everything feels unbalanced, the meta doesn't ever change, people write bad reviews because launch was bad.So what's the problem?  Sales.  PS4 sold over 4.1 million copies of this game.  Xbox One sold over 2.7 million copies.  Last-gen consoles sold over 2.5 million as well...PC sold under 200k.This would be agreatgame to play on console!  Really!  All of the problems for this game exist because nobody plays it on the PC.  If you're thinking about getting it, buy it on a console.  I mean, even last-gen has more players than pc does!:P  There's a great game waiting in here that you won't possibly find on the PC."
,Not Recommended,209650,16864517,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Crow,"At the beggining, this game was ""good"" (more or less), the maps where not optimized and the lag was pretty disturbing.... but at least the game was playable. I stopped playing when the release of a patch (I don't remember which one) dropped pretty bad my fps, making it more unplayable. Now, I give it a second chance with the release of a new patch..... but there are no players in the game anymore. The game it's abandoned now..."
76561198037257716,Not Recommended,209650,16228182,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tarzan,"k so i bot the gold edition when it first came out and there was no zombies included or maps and it cost the same as it does now and it says i own it so why cant i get the maps and zombies ? if its really because i bot it before they changed there minds to inclued zombies thats a load of bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ i paid the same price, it says i own this exact copy, should i not be able to get the maps and zombies can anyone help ?"
,Not Recommended,209650,13995860,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Redot,I used to like this game... well now its♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game has no honor.this game is MW2 noobtubes THE ENTIRE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME.Just buy MW2.
76561198080488325,Not Recommended,209650,16233197,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,AssEater696969,No one plays it
,Not Recommended,209650,13198611,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DumptatiusDiabolus,Lack of dedicated servers ruined what would have been an excellent multi-player experience.
76561198086747436,Recommended,209650,15848736,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MARINE588,"Hammer's COD, well, I still expect more on next incoming. graphic indeed improved."
,Not Recommended,209650,16224899,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Marlette,Nuttin' but hackers now!  Neither Steam nor developers take responsibility.  Just give 'em your money and they give you a hack-a-rama game.
,Not Recommended,209650,16605182,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DJWAFFLE,why isnt this game local co-op i want my money back this is the worst game to download beacause its not two players you guys should make it local co-op for online it would be better what call of duty doesnt have that if u guys were to do an update for local co-op oline that would be amazing
,Recommended,209650,19657285,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SmAXTy と,ภาคนี้ น่าจะดีที่สุดล่ะ ในซีรีย์ call of ต้อง รอ ลุ้น cod 3 จะดีเหมือนกันไหม
76561198324966916,Recommended,209650,26424758,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Scar | Bling-Bling,"I love this game. It's my favourite COD game. Really fun and love Exo Zombies, but nobody plays or not enough have the game and it's hard to find a multiplayer match. I suggest lowering the price or advertising it more. If you have the game and want to play add me: climbinsimon"
76561198122282710,Not Recommended,209650,13984406,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Dat Wookie,"This game is a big pile of sh*t, I've regret buying it at all"
76561197973311137,Recommended,209650,22463036,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,FleshyMammal,"looking for people to play exo zombies with, PLS RESPOND IM LONELY"
,Not Recommended,209650,30867829,Posted: 31 March,all,TheMacauOne,this is the first cod that dose not looks like a game from 2007
76561197965504710,Not Recommended,209650,25662903,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[Dex]Pantysh0t,"I played for 1.3hrs, it sucked."
76561197995113654,Recommended,209650,27365723,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archibald Askins,Yes for the single player campaign but a big thumbs down for multyplayer.There are no  games to be found.I have jumped through all the hoops to make my way easier to find games but as yet have failed to find any.To say nothing of the sipport for the game it's completely non-exsitsant.It's like they made it for consoles only and pc is just an afterthought.!!
,Not Recommended,209650,24821353,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,CubaCobra,"This game was pretty good except that if you do not have the DLC then you cannot join a game at all, like not even team deathmatch. Not too bad of a game however, it is practically dead."
76561198124868811,Not Recommended,209650,24811123,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,You Have Nothing to Live For,I disliked this game. The combat was too random and way too fast paced for my taste. I prefer the boots-on-ground style of black ops one and two and the cods before them. The game was also a money-grabber that would have you spend hundreds of dollars on microtransactions than actually playing the game to get better gear.
,Not Recommended,209650,13095447,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Godvernment,"If you buy this, the terrorists win!"
,Not Recommended,209650,24799650,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Dj CSGO,This Game Sucks. And it crashes non stop
,Not Recommended,209650,18293994,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NSJayJay,"IMPOSSIBLE to find an oinline game! Excellent gameplay and weapons but terrible servers and game matching. All the Advanced Warfare games online seem to be terrible, with the new one being equally bad for Game matching...."
,Not Recommended,209650,24833110,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The_Panamaniac,"Right away, the issue here is that you have a big price tag with half of the game being dead.  That's the multiplayer component by the way.The single player delivers nice on the campy action movie thing the CoD series has been living in the past few years.  It does that well.  But it does not do that well enough to warrent the full price if thats all you want.Hell,...unless you have some really dedicated buds, thats all your gonna get.Grab it on some fantasy sale that may never appear, as you can have fun with the story."
,Not Recommended,209650,25000486,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,"Muskrai, just Muskrai",where is the non vac dedicated servers?
,Recommended,209650,13780181,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alostic!,this is one of my top CoD campaigns.  I rank it just under black ops one which is by far my favorite FPS campaign to date.  (in CoD franchise).  I recommend playing on veteren for the full experience rather than just a normal run and gun.  Took about 7-8 hours to complete.  Excellent story line and kevin spacy did a pretty good job.   They keep it pretty standard with different combat style rather than just guns which kept it fresh the whole time!  This is just a single player campaign review.
,Not Recommended,209650,24763225,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Obst4cle,Online multiplayer resumed at : NO GAMES FOUNDsdont buy this game if you want to online play.
,Not Recommended,209650,24946475,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,thrill-ki1l,"What a mess.  I can't play the game for longer than 15 minutes before it crashes.  Not to mention every time you load it up there is a 3-5 minute unskippable video (it changes depending on what level your on).  I'm mad I can't return the game.  I spent too much ""play"" time testing fixes to get a refund.  With a game this old it's obvious they won't fix the bugs so don't waste your money like I did."
76561198142139979,Not Recommended,209650,13539974,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hughhefnerd,"multi player: i like the part where i shoot someone 5 times (no im not missing) and they have enough time to turn around pick a daisy and shoot me 2 times, every single time... i dont wanna say hacker but... ya...Single player: story line is dull, something that you would show a kindergardener to put them to sleep, if u have a hard-on for CoD prepare to cry urself to sleep.... only wish is that the CoD devs could lower me into my grave so they can let me down one last time"
,Not Recommended,209650,19944545,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,empix!?,Sledgehammer games should be sued for robbing me of $60
76561197978672995,Not Recommended,209650,16221984,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,CheddarKing,NEVER WILL I BUY A MULTIPLAYER GAME ON PC THAT DOES NOT HAVE DEDICATED SERVERS!!!!!Game would be like pretty good if it had dedicated servers but because it does not you wont be allowed to play it. Because its a ♥♥♥♥ing ghost town. Seriously they need to call thisCall of Duty Ghost TownBecause it will be you and some other♥♥♥♥♥sitting there stairing at each other for eternity while you wait in their match making purgatory.If this was a purgatory simulator it would be the best 70 ♥♥♥♥ing dallors I ever spent.Thanks Corprate game making machine
76561198000627700,Recommended,209650,16237805,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,M0arMatt,yes
,Not Recommended,209650,12844250,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Little Shibe,How do you get refunds again?
76561198048499690,Recommended,209650,15990297,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Indrid cold,i think the game is awesome and all gamers should play it
76561198171816978,Not Recommended,209650,15977308,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,TW1ST3D,"way too many hackers....totally ruins the game, you think they would come up with something to stop this but no nothing at all, put all the hackers in the same lobby or something not saying ban everyone just figure something out to make matches fair"
,Not Recommended,209650,15982277,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Squareman,I like this game alot. But it just allways crashes when I start the game. plz fix this
,Recommended,209650,15546138,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Symphony Of Death,"this potato is  agood potato, sure its like the others but it's just a tad better :)"
76561198027713838,Recommended,209650,15824768,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Y0UNGZ,Goodgame
76561198082586152,Recommended,209650,16008195,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Jim Reaper,SO MUCH FUN!!! Best game they made yet because of the fast paced d
,Recommended,209650,15968536,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Menogood(uk),pretty good fun
76561198158335358,Not Recommended,209650,15974332,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,stephenev5,"This game, as fun as it was, has been the most disappointing game that i have played in some time.  The cinematics in Career mode were laggy...  the MULTIPLAYER was laggy at times (sometimes i think i just ""instantly die"" in the game... not only that, i found myself up against the same 50 or so people week in week out.  It's as if we're the only ones left playing the game.  that fact alone makes me want to rate the game a 1 maybe even 0 out of 10.  It's really sad to see something that could've been really good fail sooooo badly."
,Not Recommended,209650,16031175,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DragonBigBoss,"Really, Greedy as all hail.  And not worth the money for the packs, poor quality  for the price."
76561198036052586,Not Recommended,209650,16140054,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,blitz,"Still unable to get around the '0"" games found in most match types. Modified my config file, NAT is open etc still can only play TDM."
76561198113233566,Not Recommended,209650,16141051,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Raf 拉法爾,i tryed to play it but i cant i really did but first my pc lags when i load into a match then i do horrible so i wouldent recommend this game
76561197985253545,Not Recommended,209650,16141304,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,™OxyClean®,"Save yourself the Trouble, Don't Buy this game on PC, utter lack of games playable, You'll find at best..1-3 TDM, or Hardcore Dom and nothing else...Multiple glitches since release, Some even making the game unplayable entirely that take weeks, if not months to get addressed..All in all, not worth the money for PC platform."
76561198122173711,Not Recommended,209650,16142658,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Greenwiseman,"Let me go on record saying that the game itself is fun, when it works.... Let me repeat that, When it works. There are only 3 lobbys that you will ever be able to find throughout all of the MP. Most of these are deathmatch. Be prepared for air fighting, Halo Jumping, poor spawns (easily camppapble), and frustration. The game will randomly crash on you from time to time unless fixed in the updates. The updates are few and rare, it might be until the next DLC is released on Xbox one or even until the DLC drops on PC. Customer support is very dissapoining, when this game first came out, my friends and I had several instinces of the Support team attempting to help us, and then just  leaving us with no resolve with the comments of, "" Well, looks like your connection isn't fast enough, If you have already re-downloaded the game and it is still doing this then there is nothing we can do, or That error code doesn't exisit, we are unable to assist you"".  The campeign itself was fun, predictable, but fun. The only feature I believe I have gotten to work for me with out fail is Exo Zombies.  It is a more fast paced (thanks to the exo suits) version of the Blops zombies and I find it fun even solo.Overall if this game were to have dedicated servers and did  not as many bugs I would say it would be very fun, and up there with some of the better Cods. However, thanks to all of the problems and poor resolution. (and the endless waiting and lack of MP lobbies) I have to give this a 4/10.Fix the game and people would actually play."
76561198089647245,Recommended,209650,16143042,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,︻┳デ═—M—═デ┳︻,"*Joins first game in free trial weekend*""It was at this moment that Matty knew...this is a game for noobs.""-BS weapons-BS movement mechanics-BS KDA based matchmaking where you get prestige infinity vs level one kids-BS melee system (fix that s*it up Sledgehammer dammit)-BS attachments-BS variants-BS supply drops-BS Ohm weapon (SUMMARY: ""Y'know what would be god damn stupid? An LMG and a shotgun in one!)And still...Game is addicting. Love it. Will uninstall if another Ohm- like weapon comes out tho.AND NERF THE GOD DAMN ASM1 FFS"
76561198015623269,Not Recommended,209650,16196553,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Smegma,"If we could get rid of steam, the game would be much better.  Too many hackers and steam doesn't do anything about them.  The connections are pitiful."
76561198155425964,Not Recommended,209650,13930026,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kinyaani,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME: READAfter putting in a good amount of time into the game, I will be omitting the campaign review, as we all know that's not what we are interested in reading, but instead I will jump right into the multiplayer aspect of said game. First off, this is by far the most unplayable Call of Duty game I've had the chance to play. Initial gameplay was decent and enjoyable, but that honeymoon stage is over and the game reared it's ugly face. First off, we all know Sledgehammer lied right to our faces with the promise of dedicated servers... Of which is non existent, and because of that, hackers and cheats have pretty much over run the game at this current time. With the new update that came out recently, for pc gamers, the game is in sorts... unplayable due to the fact the the game constantly crashes/freezes after a set amount of time usually less than 30 minutes. Aside from the unplayability due to bad coding and priority issues, the player base for the game has dropped drastically within the last 2 months. To those who are thinking about purchasing the game, either wait, or clench your teeth and bear it with all the current problems plaguing the game. It may have the Call of Duty name, but by no means does it warrant a loss of funds as most will be dissapointed with that fact that they will be unable to play the game smoothly, and as a side note, the only games people will be able to get into is team deathmatch and domination if you're lucky, for the most part, all other games will not have anyone playing due to the loss of players and small player base because of ALL of the issues. At the moment, this game is not recommended unless you are able to deal with frustration and anger with the problems, especially with the multiplayer aspect of which most of us purchased the game for.EDIT: With more time on the game, comes an update, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. The DLC's require you to only play lobbies with people either having the season pass or the separate DLC purchases. Meaning you can only play lobbies with people having the season pass and no others, same with the individual purchases. Conclusion, there are realistically ONLY two playable game modes in multiplayer being TDM and mosh pit, which being the only two game modes with an actual player population of over 20 people.Do not purchase this game for the multiplayer aspect, you will be SEVERELY DISAPPOINTED and in the process of completely wasting your money.Invest in Black Ops III, at least with that you know it's by Treyarch, who at least know what they're doing."
76561197990143921,Not Recommended,209650,15728890,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,MrKrazie,"this is basically Halo Duty....jumping, jumping everywhere."
76561198093228048,Not Recommended,209650,15330991,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ramooo555,"-The lag is so annoying in this game (No dedicated servers)-I have to wait about 5 minutes until I can actually log into my profile (update improved this)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJybTjOaWf0-Guns are really stale and get old really quick, in addition they are unbalancedI don't reccommend this game. Hopefully Black ops 3 will save cod tho :PUPDATE: Well now every so often the game crashes. I heard that if you have a Nvidia card this game will crash a lot. Thx SledgeHammer for releasing a♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Not Recommended,209650,15732655,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,UR7TXQ,I have bought this game for multiplayer. Well... it is okay. If you manage to find someone to play.This game is dead and they even do not reduce the price to attract new players.I’m just waiting for BO III.
,Recommended,209650,15801135,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,MR.Panda,good game
,Not Recommended,209650,15793903,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,♠MW,"advanced warfare is here not a bad game, but just wait until black ops 3 -_-"
76561198033719770,Not Recommended,209650,15867922,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Neo-Rio,"I remember this game. It was called ""Unreal Tournament 2004"" a decade ago.It looks prettier this time around, but so what? It's still an arena shooter with double jump and space age weapons!If Call of Duty hadn't already jumped the shark... it truly has now.I liked Call of Duty before it turned into Quake III Arena....Campaign:Stupid plot, and even Kevin Spacey can't save the writing from cliche, and his character from being undeveloped. Why does his character desire to take over the world? ""Just because he can"" is not a valid reason. Why create mega prisons, torture people, and put them in bodybags? It's just not credible.... but look! Things go BANG! Wheee!!! Who cares when there's things to blow up!Multiplayer:Unreal Tournament 2004Survival:Very unsatisfying. Survival was the best in MW3, with MW2 survival mission a close second, and nothing's come close to those yet.Finding areas to camp in and defend was half the fun in survival, in addition to buying lots of stuff.... but here? No chance to defend against anything because they're coming at all angles and flying around. Then there's stupid challenges that cripple you if you don't do them. Meh....Exo Zombies:Interesting, but ultimately boring. Perhaps I've just played too much of zombies already.It's hard if you don't get the cauterizer early... but if you do, it's a walk in the park.Then it's basically too easy, and once boredom sets in... it stops being fun.All in all... if you like FPS games, this is a non-essential purchase. Wait until it's on special and Steam are flogging it off for peanuts."
76561198084984758,Recommended,209650,15871810,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,cobhc1451,"This COD is actually really fun. The Exo suits give the game a bit more than your standard COD. Recommended if you like COD, Titanfall, or Crysis."
76561198161429146,Recommended,209650,15876680,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Papisito,very good game i love how you get all this action in one game.i love how there are events in the maps too aw is a good game you can get addited in a good way  if you love opening supply drops i love how aw gives you a chance to get an elite weapon in a supply drop aw is a good game i would recommend this game to anyone who love this kind of action.
,Not Recommended,209650,15675043,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sasherz,"Not worth buying, like every other call of duty games, the AI ALLWAYS gets in your way, if you have a cover, you can be sure they want it and will do everything they can to screw things over for you to get it, and allso they allways run infront of you, the AI allways want your space, its like a team made up of Sheldon Coopers ""This is my spot""This is game is anoying and fustrating, and is not worth getting, I regrett getting this game."
,Recommended,209650,12943333,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ZackydakM8,"(Might say I dont have much time playing it, thats because I always play MP)This Game.Is Amazing! I don't know why there are so many hate comments about this game.The game has a few things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, like the Laser Gun.But other than the few things. This game is freakin awesome! Great job SledgeHammer Games! :D11/10 6Star"
76561198070125055,Recommended,209650,15688303,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,The Technokrat,A good Call Of Duty Game multiplayer wise its brilliant storys ok but i felt the story should of been more interesting. lots of new gadgets an perks to play around with if you like that sort of thing.
76561198026923075,Not Recommended,209650,15690994,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Welcome2H3ll,Bought the game and hasn't worked since I bought it and can't get money back. Would never recommend this game to anyone.
76561198013941362,Recommended,209650,15688512,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Wukizui,i dont have gold edition.... But the games good
,Recommended,209650,15539640,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Z9XnX,fine fine
76561198161877933,Not Recommended,209650,15542256,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,alexandreww,"I am more a single player game type, and this game is visually nice, but it is very short. The great thing about Steam, I can recall playing about 7hrs and that is exactly the time require to finish the game. Disapointment would be a word used to describe this game."
76561198169868583,Recommended,209650,15719039,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,hank88jr,best call of duty
76561198012388549,Recommended,209650,15720293,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Snap,"Not a bad game to pass some time, Zombie are cool."
76561198030577241,Not Recommended,209650,15724001,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Levi_jeanz,Waste of money. Multiplayer mode is dead and cannot find any matches.
,Not Recommended,209650,15351711,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Jewbacca,This Whole No Space on Hard Disk Thing needs to be fixed.
,Not Recommended,209650,15353586,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,krazykenny,"So, here is my issue... feels like the game is already dead. I can't find any matches for KC, Dom or hardpoint... only finding matches for TDM. since its all p2p there aren't any people playing much more than tdm it seems. Felt a serious let down on this rinse and repeat CoD series."
76561198100164250,Recommended,209650,13823911,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lozzyklingers,I LIKE it!
,Recommended,209650,13825142,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ghost,"Can't go wrong with this game. Only con I have with it is that it feels like every movement is scripted. I like how unscripted the other COD's feel, but nonetheless, this is a great game, and I recommend it."
,Recommended,209650,13850494,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sate,Second best Warfare series campaign after MW3 campaign. Great journey and storytelling.
,Recommended,209650,13888925,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Spaghetti Officer 3rd Class,"While this game may not be praised for its elegance and deep story, I enjoy blasting the futuristic brains out of my friends. Call of Duty has evolved into more of a party game, such as Super Smash Brothers but with more guns. I wouldn't mind a little more choice in terms of weapon customization, but I do think many of the current guns have a unique play style... Overall, 3/5 for story; 4/5 for parties."
,Not Recommended,209650,13889566,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Zilla,"At first I really liked this game.  But with the crap match making and the Dev lying about dedicated servers, I have no use for it.  Hell, it's nearly impossible to get a game anyway."
76561198074419919,Recommended,209650,13892488,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,☁TTT☁Hellfire,its a fun game although its lag for me but ye still awesome but can u made like country own servers so that it wont be so lag!!!!
76561198031627773,Recommended,209650,13882727,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,mandelsteryo,i love this game so much !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198042703586,Not Recommended,209650,13884763,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,BeefPudding,"Probably the most innovative Call of Duty since CoD4, (I don't consider CoD MW:2 to be greatest cod as it piggybacked heavily on CoD4), alas it is hindered by the once again lack of server browers and obvious dedicated servers. This leads to laggy multiplayer at times, which is frustrating at best.It is for this reason alone I cannot recommend the game for purchase. If the franchise wishes to have ANY success on this platform, they NEED a server browser. Its 2015 now and there's no reason NOT to have them. In fact since the old CoD's had them, why can't the new ones?It is a truly baffling circumstance and it sadly only hurts gamers."
76561197990766081,Recommended,209650,13886546,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Grendel,"Yes it is true there are no dedicated servers, but I haven't had many matches that were laggy...only a few out of 178 or so hours.  The campaign is fun so far although I always end up playing multiplayer and dont think I've ever actually finished a CoD campaign yet.  This one I very well might.  Twitch shooting spray and pray multiplayer continues to keep me ammused and I'm looking forward to the DLC.  Yes its the same old formula, but it's still fun and the exosuit adds some new mechanics to my run and gun style of play.  As far as the CoD series goes I am liking this one.  The biggest downside for me is that everyone just plays team deathmatch and the other game types are often empty.  They've been moving the rooms around a bit and it has helped a little though."
,Not Recommended,209650,13886864,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Chabo Crompton,"The story mode was decent. With a little touch of Kevin Spacey a game is bound to be decent in the story mode. However, the multiplayer was atrocious. Getting killed over and over by the laggy un-dedicated servers. It also depends on luck to get good weapons from supply crates. Sure the rare guns are not so OP but still a player will depend on luck to get better gear than others. This game would be better if there wern't aimbotters and EM1 noobs. I would definitly reccomend not getting this game unless you'r in it for the Kevin Spacey."
76561198009331463,Not Recommended,209650,13168694,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bluenataku45,"Game crashes after about 5 min of gameplay.  tried contactng suport but there chat dousnt want to function.  lesson learned, will not buy another title from this developer for pc atleast.UpdateFinaly able to talk to support and they said that the 8gb of ram in my computer wasnt enough for the game to run.  so doubled the ram now have 16gb but the game is still 100% unplayable"
,Recommended,209650,13400761,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Terpal,"TL;DR at the bottom!Singleplayer: Kevin Spacey pretty much carries the singleplayer, it's super cool to see him both in-game and in pre-rendered cutscenes, and there's much fun to be had throughout the campaign. I want to keep this brief, so I'll just say that the story is nothing completely unique, just another Call of Duty, heroes take down the bad guys, but the gadgets and sometimes unique missions they have can be pretty fun. There's even a jet section, although it's very clunky and arcady, not taking advantage of your mouse capabilities to control, but only to click, firing rockets and whatnot. It also tolerates blatently running into the ground and scraping it for a few seconds, to give you an idea of how arcady it is. The game tries to throw emotional scenes at you, all though it's safe to say they all miss the target by a country mile, although, without spoiling anything, there are some genuinely disturbing moments. Overall, the singleplayer is worth a playthrough, in my opinion.Multiplayer: The biggest, darkest black mark on this year's CoD is the lack of dedicated servers. The whole host-based games works terribly, as someone who lives in the Middle East, finding games is difficult. Once you do find a game, perhaps hosted by someone in Southern Europe, it's still pretty laggy, giving me MAX 3/4 bars (another note, please stop using arbitrary bars, we're not idiots who don't understand numerical ping), that being the highest I've ever seen. Then when that host decides to leave, there's a pretty large chance that the host to which the game is migrated to, lives farther away, resulting in 1 or 2 less bars than before, to the extent that it becomes unplayable and I'm forced to quit and find another game (which I might add, takes forever considering where I live). I don't understand why, with another CoD coming out every year, they have yet to figure out that dedicated servers on PC is the way to go. I applaud Treyarch for having figured it out, but it seriously boggles my mind that Sledgehammer and Infinity Ward refuse to do it. Not only would they fix the problem of having unstable games, with the host being migrated all the time, but as an owner of a dedicated server, you would have the ability to make rules and ban perpetrators, which leads me onto my next gripe with the multiplayer. Lasers are so so frustrating to play against. They have no ammo, so if you're not a 0/10, terrible player, and have the ability to manage the overheating mechanic of them (which is a non-factor if you're any good), you will never lose an extended fight. Secondly, firing from the hip with a laser gun is just as good as aiming down sights, since the cross hair is unbelievably narrow, leaving little room for scatter no matter how much you're jumping around. This allows you to fire from the hip and hit easily in a dogfight, because the other player (who we're assuming is using a regular bullet weapon) has to aim down sights to achieve the same level of accuracy. This is a problem because when you're jumping around constantly and your opponent is too, it's really easy to lose track of them, especially when you're aiming down sights and your FOV is seriouly restricted. The player with the laser doesn't have this problem cause he's happy just firing from the hip, making him even more likely to win the fight. To return to an earlier point, IF THIS GAME HAD DEDICATED SERVERS, AND YOU HATED LASER WEAPONS JUST AS MUCH AS ME, YOU COULD JOIN A  SERVER WHERE THE RULES BAN THE USE OF LASER WEAPONS. That's the biggest thing about dedicated servers, and the biggest reason why Sledgehammer are seriously mistaken for continuing the moronic trend of no dedicated servers. Anyway, so far we've talked about the lack of dedicated servers and the imbalance of laser weapons, which are pretty much the main two gripes I have with the multiplayer. To focus on the positive aspects, the addition of boost jump is super cool, adding an amazing amount of verticality to the game, as being on the ground one second and on the top of a roof the next second is fantastic. The boost pack also allows for some pretty cool dog fights, which greatly increases the skill ceiling of the game, effectively fixing the issue of past CoDs where you couldn't easily seperate the absolute best players, because the truly better player didn't have sufficient mediums through which he could prove his superior skills. The customization is fantastic in this game too, with guns having lots of attachments and with the player even having the ability to customize score streaks, adding additional affects to them. Unfortunately they lock all your gun attachments and you have to do a whole bunch of achievements to unlock the one you want, which I feel like a grind because it forces me to use attachments that I do not find fun, making it feel like a grind for what I truly want. Overall, the multiplayer is a potentially incredible experience, rivaling perhaps even the likes of CoD 4, but the lack of dedicated servers and thus no escape from the frustrating laser guns, anchor it down very tightly, making it a regrettably very infuriating experence in the end. Imagine no dedicated servers in CoD 4, so everyone uses the martyrdom perk. Yeah, it'd be something like this.TL;DR Campaign:- Kevin Spacey is great in it.- Interesting, unique missions.- Unoriginal, lack-luster story (typical CoD storyarch).- Not very long (finished in 9 hours).TL;DR Multiplayer:- Lack of dedicated servers is the biggest let down of the whole game, SP included. Seriously worsens the experience.- Laser weapons are frustrating to play against (which wouldn't be a problem if dedicated servers existed!)- Boost jump adds great verticality and interesting gameplay.- Very customizable.- Lack of dedicated servers. Really, Sledgehammer. Shot yourself in the foot there."
,Not Recommended,209650,13461442,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MahtXL,My review will change when the actually fix this damn mess of a game. AVOID AVOID AVOID. EVEN ON SALE. AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198159428993,Recommended,209650,13464807,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ninjamonk3y10,BEST game EVER :bbcat:
,Recommended,209650,13466489,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jeffy892,Good Campaign Mode and Multiplayer Mode :DIt's the Only COD that i bought because its hella Cool
76561197998237068,Not Recommended,209650,13468802,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[BDS]ANT,"This game is a coppy cat of crysis multi player, LOL. The clasic style but still the same without the jumping would be better. They have the clasic style and no one plays it. It does not feel lik call of duty."
76561198019074948,Recommended,209650,13470656,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Frenchman,"i love this game, i'm doing the campain right now and it's badass !!!!!!!!"
76561197960546948,Not Recommended,209650,13471137,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,zpnq,"This game never works. I have had a handfull of  different times where i have completed games with out crashes. I have tried to join and play online coutless times in desperation to play the game i paid for - no luck. The game either crashes by freezing, or i get ""Platform p2pauth invalid player"" error. I have the latest updated software, my system meets the specs, i have accepted the safe mode option etc etc.This game is not ready for PC, it should never have been released, i am very dissapointed.If you want a game that works, this is not the game for you.Please fix this game."
76561197968551291,Not Recommended,209650,18025472,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,[BDA]Kiwi,"This game worked OK for two or three months after purchase, but it was getting more and more frustrating with some significantly dodgy goings-on by other players, a couple of whom were obviously cheating.  The rest could simply be put down to poor connection matching.  Finally I started getting 'The Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare service is not available at this time' errors.  I spent hours searching for answers, (the same for many other frustrated people on the various forums I visited), I never got a reply from the devs or publisher when I asked the question and they never bothered to enter the official forums to respond.As of last week I can connect again, but so bloody what!!! Hardly anyone is playing any more!!  Even when I can connect there is usually a player with a crap connection that screws the match royally anyway.What a waste of time and money.  Not doing this again, they can shove it up their..."
,Not Recommended,209650,18119643,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,pɐlɐS ɟǝᴉɥƆ,this game is just a joke. even on sales they charge the same for there DLCs.
76561198209033812,Recommended,209650,18120530,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ShrillFire,when i went to play at the beggining the screen turned gray and i couldn't see anythingeven though its  good game is not working on my computer
76561197972753835,Recommended,209650,18123419,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,kjmore,"I recommend this.Some game starting slows, but once, in there is a steady improvement in STUFF that helps your game play."
,Not Recommended,209650,18137172,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dolphin Tiddies,would like refund but dont remember where todo that
,Recommended,209650,18137794,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,xSentient,"I hear a lot of people complain about how the CoD games have terrible campaigns but honestly, i'm the kind of gamer that buys games for the stories. If you buy them for multiplayer, i just dont see the point if thats all you buy em for the multiplayer is almost always all the same. This game's graphics are dumbfoundingly amazing and the story...of course it could've benn a little better but i really liked it. a lot. The combat was fun, the mechanics during gameplay are so good it's addicting. This was innovative and quite a new approach to CoD but I liked it very much. It's got a pretty big motto behind it and society could learn a thing or two from the idea behind this."
76561198032035953,Not Recommended,209650,18138699,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,fdkz,"Movies stutter and in-game cut-scenes and voice go out of sync - how? Aspect ratio of movies is wrong on 21:9 monitors (ultrafat american soldiers.. just gives the wrong image), exo upgrade system UI mouse targets are also wrong on ultrawidescreen (have to click some distance away from the button). And no way to make the FOV wider?! I want an immersive 3D game, not a headache-inducing flat postard view."
,Recommended,209650,18138801,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Puzzles,"Its actually pretty fun, but all the servers are like a wateland so I wish more people would play it."
76561198088042712,Not Recommended,209650,18138970,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ghost18,"The single player to be fair is entertaining, however it is only short and multiplayer is why you buy cod. I have been off cod games for a while but was tempted with this a while back. when I saw it on sale I thought I would have a shot.The only online games I have managed to find are Team Deathmatch. Dependant on the time of day this can be hit and miss as well.  So multiplayer gets old, fast.I will probably keep trying with it for a while but I cant see it holding any lasting appeal."
,Not Recommended,209650,18141177,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,CheckeredCSGOBlocks.ComCS.MONEY,no game found
76561198079099918,Not Recommended,209650,18141576,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,15Thousand,This game sucks. So diffucult to connect. All around crappy ..prefer crysis 3
,Not Recommended,209650,18144090,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Devingames,"I cannot play Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare, I don't know why?From Malaysia~"
,Not Recommended,209650,18144135,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Spookywaddle,"I thought I'd give it chance, but no. It really does suck."
,Recommended,209650,18144722,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,-:John Wick:-,Love This
76561198068474264,Not Recommended,209650,13626785,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,",I,,♛_K_♛,,I,",do not buy this game they dont let you play online theres no fix and its very anoing... COD games are all about the online game play and when there isnt any you dont have much but a 7hr gameplay of campain. witch is also full of gliches like getting stuck in walls and♥♥♥♥♥♥ so you have to restart the mission loseing all of your progress... very anoing VERY ANOING... its a waist of money... it has the possibility of a good game. they should take it back and finish it though... then maybe it would be able to wield the COD badge and be proud...
76561198060421127,Recommended,209650,13629878,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,S1ickReed,Best COD yet.
76561198059481314,Recommended,209650,13619926,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,archcycle,"It's fun. When it isn't crashing, or forcing you to re-watch a obscenely long cut scenes, or first one then the other where you finish a looong level then it crashes during the following cut scene so you not only have to re-watch the long cut scene, you have to redo the level, and then you have to watch the cut scene that crashed and hope it doesn't crash again because it doesn't seem to save when you complete a level it saves after you complete the cut scene for the NEXT level. I have a clean PC with good hardware and the game runs well with settings cranked but other than the very first time I loaded it every time has been to the 'this game did not close properly last time would you like to start in safe mode'. I bought it on day 1 but I'm not very far because i'm sick of re-playing levels and re-watching cut scenes. This time around I made it about 20 minutes before a crash."
,Recommended,209650,13620453,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fuzzy_Wuzzy,I have been a long time call of duty fan since the orginial and recently have been very disapointed in the lack of inovation. Advanced Warefare is the best call of duty game to come out since Modern Warfare. It is the first game since Modern Warefare to change a core mechanic and offer players something new. 9/10
76561197972449167,Recommended,209650,13622647,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,HenryMontana,"Hackers already taking over with Aimbots.  Laser guns way overpowered and exploited.  Despite the rise of hacking so early in the game release, the added Exo abilities and jumping add something fun to the gameplay."
,Recommended,209650,13649187,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DJ Buttslam,"Pretty fun and fresh gameplay as far as Call of Duty goes. Has some connection issues, but as long as you don't take the game too seriously it's pretty fun."
76561198163020252,Recommended,209650,13650130,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,drakeula,"great graphics , great fluid gameplay, short but fantastic story mode  , awesome multiplayer  9.5 our of 10"
76561198016053293,Not Recommended,209650,13655513,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SadSack,piece of crap...can never get into the game!!
76561197982600053,Not Recommended,209650,13607952,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,GoRobotGo |MWD|,The only other bad thing about this game is that Steam doesnt offer refunds for it online.
,Not Recommended,209650,13610128,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mr. Billiam,"This game is beyond bad.  Take the Call of Duty from past years, create worse spawns, more noob weapons, and horrendous lag and you have this ""gem"".  End of Call of Duty purchases for me."
,Recommended,209650,13610656,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CamilaFILHADAPUTA hellcase.com,Good game... but with so many connections issues. Improve that and will be perfect to play per hours!!!
76561197971506346,Not Recommended,209650,13642329,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Physof1C -,Connection probs all the time... sux!!
,Recommended,209650,13644366,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SJSanity,10/10 would Kevin Spacey again.
76561197975504079,Not Recommended,209650,13259024,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,[USEF] Brewer,"This is a good game, as you'd expect from Call of Duty.  The players are VERY mobile because of the exo-suits.  The gameplay is fun and fast paced, as you'd expect.HOWEVER...the online multiplayer gameplay leaves much to be desired.  Online play is always laggy because there are no dedicated servers.  Also, connecting to the online play is often difficult and results in multiple errors which state the the service is currently unavailable.  It normally takes me at least a dozen attempts to connect before I'm able to play online.I cannot reccommend this game until there are dedicated servers for online multiplayer game modes."
76561197999348920,Not Recommended,209650,13855907,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,CinnaBun,"The game is a fun game. Campaign is great, multiplayer is fun to... if you can get into a game. It takes far to long to join a game. If they fix the issue of joining games quicker with better server connections then I would %100 recomment but untill then I do not."
76561198075240079,Not Recommended,209650,13857163,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Optimized Autism,"sure its got some ""new things"" boost jumping ect... but 60$ NOT WORTH IT ON PC.1st reason: not very many game modes are even playable since no one plays them the most you will find is TDM and mosh pit. other game modes are very hard to find most of the time. This was my very first cod and it was a very bad start to a game i have never played before#2 match making -_- ya right,  this sucks some people who just got the game get 1 good round and then matched with like prestige 4 or higher some times because of the lack of players.#3 connection problems. you will be lucky to go through 2 rounds without disconecting#4 the daily challanges are just dumb since it requires game modes that no body plays most of the time .thats it dont get it till its like 30$ at most."
76561198224250264,Recommended,209650,17723785,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Erock,"Good Graphics, and  good storyExo  Zombies is a lot of fun"
76561198133637284,Not Recommended,209650,14749928,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,JoystiK,The game is quite fun but i have no more things to break
,Not Recommended,209650,17307384,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,doommetal,This game should only purchased at the steepest discount levels!The reason is that the single player campaign is fairly short; (took me about 6 hours) and the multiplayer has horrible server technology and its nearly impossible to find a game.In my screenshot library I have half a dozen screenshots showing 0 people availbale in multiple game modes!  Multiplayer is useless if no one is available to play - I blame this on the shoddy server implementation (shared listen servers instead of dedicated hosting)Near the games launch there were games to be found ; at this point (july 2015) I don't even play any more and my season pass is a peice of garbage.
,Recommended,209650,17310912,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TW Crash,"aint bad game, but wasnt for me,"
76561198105641957,Recommended,209650,17313652,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,S4N3T1N,.
,Recommended,209650,17314838,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,thefullarcticfox_,It's like you become some guy and constantly chasing Kevin Spacey.Great graphics. Good titanfall gameplay. But Kevin Spacey's eyes are dead.9/10
,Not Recommended,209650,17261352,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Piefanatic,Yes it is Call of Duty. Yes it has new guns and features. Yes it has pretty graphics. Emphasis on the graphics. Extra emphasis on the graphics. Graphics so pretty it makes a 2015 computer outfitted with high-end graphics cards and ample RAM to overheat whilst being cooled by multiple fans.Thereason they say the game is laggy onlineis because even on thelowestgraphics settings your computer will slow down to compensate for heat.Don't get me wrong this is a good game. But they need to dial back the technology curve to compensate for the economy and what people are able to get.
,Not Recommended,209650,17261449,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Death Punch,"This game is a train wreck! This is the worst call of duty to date! I first purchased it before they said anything about recommened settings, My computer would run any game out there, so I had to build a new computer. That made me mad, then get it built and it is horrible. They have had so many screwups and they keep breaking it. I couldn't play for over a week, because some update broke it. It has been on disappointment after another. It did have potential, but they screwed this one up. SAVE YOUR MONEY!"
76561198015652102,Recommended,209650,17262172,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,REDDOG,"I have played all the COD's,from the start to now,I do my best to score for the side that I,m on.I do not like to be limitedto a ""group"".. some people do not like that,and for some reason they shy away from me.I enjoy being free to use the maps as I like.I DO NOT CHEAT and never have.  XOXOXO   REDDOG.."
,Not Recommended,209650,17274930,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,dotps1,"This game was OK at first, way better then Ghosts, but now, there is just no one playing it, and for the price, thats not cool when there is no one to play MP with.I am still playing Zombies which is fun, but none the less, i don't reccomend it for the money."
,Not Recommended,209650,17338804,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lolzor's Dank Droid#9662,good ish game but there is nobody to play with and the dlc is to expensive
,Not Recommended,209650,13690236,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Filippi,"I wanted to like this game, i tried so ♥♥♥♥ing hard to like it, but it was just too broken to like. I picked this game up for around 40 dollars and played the campain all the way through in one sitting. I bought it because I thought it looked like a revamped MW2 and nostalgia forced me to buy it. The campain was fantastic but also reminded me of MW2 because of the way it was layed out. After beating the campain with only 3 deaths on veteran I tried my luck on multiplayer. The first match I enter, my ♥♥♥♥ing mouse jumps from regular sensitivity to ♥♥♥♥ me in the♥♥♥♥♥sensitivity and then back. THIS GAME HAS A BROKEN AIMING SYSTEM. There is too much acceleration for me to even aim, I cant even ♥♥♥♥ing hipfire without jumping from the middle of my screen to the ♥♥♥♥ing sky. I cant ♥♥♥♥ing aim in this god forsaken game. If you are going to buy this game for the multiplayer: DONT ♥♥♥♥ING DO IT. If your going to play this game for the story, go watch it on youtube or something because there is only one ending.When they fix the mouse acceleration I will give it a better review. Just turn on raw mouse imput or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that SledgeHammer. You could have made a ♥♥♥♥ing homerun but you dropped the soap in a prison and you just dont want to pick it back up.♥♥♥♥ you SledgeHammer."
,Recommended,209650,17341916,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DrShoctopuss,this game is great but the matchmaking finder takes forever
,Not Recommended,209650,17343001,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Destroiner,No GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUNDNo GAMES FOUND
76561197982587661,Not Recommended,209650,17347367,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DeathDealer,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,16281449,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,stormfire,"Ok let's get something straight.  There is no way in  heck that Advanced warfare was ment for PC.  It is like all pc gamers just got thrown out the window in a storm.  The servers suck, we can't even buy supply drops, and the match making has gone to hell.  If black ops 3 doesn't fix things, then COD is going down Sh** creek."
,Not Recommended,209650,17329978,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pablo Escobar,"DONT BUY IT!i bought it 2 months ago. Liked some prersonalizations(ingame purchases). Even steam saying that those were in my library, the game (cod-activision) saying that those items need purchase!!! Tried for weeks to find a way to get the items i paid for contacting steam and activision but they didnt help. In a few words. I paid for sth that i didnt took... A billionare company like activision kept my money. Keep in mind that..."
,Recommended,209650,13369475,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hobbzillian,"Better than Ghosts. The multiplayer shines here with the addition of the exo-suit, but the game falters with its very predictable and almost boring campaign despite some neat level design."
,Not Recommended,209650,12865291,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Parzevel,"I honestly want to recommend this game, but I can't. The single-player was not doubt fun. The story line on the other hand was easily predictable, and everything that you think is going to happen, happens. It was pretty much a re-skin of the past story lines. The load times are ridiculous. You could build an exo-suit in the amount of time it takes to load. It doesnt help that every time you change graphic settings the whole mission restarts, so experimenting takes a very long time.The multiplayer, well I wish I could tell you about it, but I havent been able to really test it. STILL no dedicated servers so joining a game could either be fun or you could be about to break your keyboard across your knee because you shot someone several times in the chest and he kills you. OR the scorestreak glitch when you get all your streak and die just to find out you lost them. I understand having a few bugs, but this is ridiculous. They had three years to make it with a budget more then the state of California gets in a year."
76561198067016009,Not Recommended,209650,13346318,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,poslari,"♥♥♥♥ that laser gun♥♥♥♥♥♥ And nerf Russians, pls."
76561198116822251,Not Recommended,209650,13370485,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Viper Helios,♥♥♥♥ing game the black screen i cant fix it
,Recommended,209650,13370490,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,EXO ZOMBIES GAMER,When the game came out the first hours were perfect. But now you already find more hackers then in Black Ops 2. It is very annoying and I do not know what to say about the AntiCheat. Also the Double Jump and the other Exo Stuff makes the game a bit more hectic. There are classical lists but you can't find a game.. What I really like in AW is the Survival Mode! But the Multiplayer sucks..
76561198027042023,Not Recommended,209650,13373544,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,pr0xyw0rm,"Don't buy this game. Save you hard earned money for something ealse. Not optimized, one gun rules, same quick scoping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, basically same all♥♥♥♥♥♥like every other cod but this has jetpacks, that's it."
,Not Recommended,209650,13374004,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Newz,This would be a great game if it had dedicated servers.  The lag is horrible.  Wish I could get a refund.  If they put out an update with dedicated servers then I would recommend this game.  Until then don't buy it.
76561198014355313,Not Recommended,209650,13374073,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,HairyTrigger,"Ah, the Culture Of Entitlement. You know: The one that says the customer has to put up with the kind of lag I haven't seen since ISDN was king. Brutal matchmaking. Hello? Dedicated Servers? Buying one's way to the top is absolutely ridiculous. Killed the franchise. Completely. Dipping into Battlefield these days, because it is different. And I'll probably be staying there. I'll keep popping back in to see if anything's improved, but there will be no more in-app purchases or season passes (ESPECIALLY if it means I have to buy to just get on a server in the near future). Big purchase price up front and steep ""packs"" that come along every quarter or so...sucking and blowing at the same time. The days of kiddies with Daddy's credit cards blindly charging to it to the hilt with abandon are gone Ladies & Gentlemen. Time to get responsible. To us.  Although I'm sure your shareholders will say different, but we the customer are the reason you are solvent. Not them. You have apparently forgotten that. Pity."
,Recommended,209650,14055912,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,N20_RJ,AMAZING !!!!  :  9.0 / 10
76561198035013155,Recommended,209650,14059268,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,AbsurdCactus,Kevin. Friggen. Spacey.
,Recommended,209650,14060325,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MARKSTIENS,man if multiplayer only worked.
,Recommended,209650,14060326,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MARKSTIENS,man if multiplayer only worked.
,Recommended,209650,14060327,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MARKSTIENS,man if multiplayer only worked.
,Recommended,209650,14060328,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MARKSTIENS,man if multiplayer only worked.
76561198109027370,Recommended,209650,14061208,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tiny Memes - Big Dreams,I do recommend people who like to play FPS games and are into constant action. This game can be extremely fun but you sometimes need to take a break from it for a few days. I liked the campaign and the multiplayer is awesome. I think that it is worth the 60 dollars.
76561198030975086,Recommended,209650,13934137,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ginseng,Pretty amazingly fun!
76561198152269759,Not Recommended,209650,13934714,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,iBurnTires,"game does not work, i have open NAT and cannot connect to any online games. activision support are useless and i will never purchase another cod game ever. i guess jokes on me after i wasted my $ on ghost."
76561198152522414,Not Recommended,209650,13934883,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Fa†aL,Biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. When you can actually connect to this crapfest it lags and stutters like a mofo. Freezes all the time. Randomly disconnects from the host. This game makes me want to ♥♥♥♥ing go on a killing spree.
76561198101898747,Recommended,209650,13935197,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,child sexer,"Great graphics, cool storyline, action-packed campaign, and just generally badass."
,Recommended,209650,13935515,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Hyubs,AW one of the best shooting game ive played. BUT... it has a High System Requirements.. :/ For those who cant afford this game or system recquirements. I would still play MW3 out of Ghost or AW. Don't Lose hope. ;) I love playing Cod specially MW3! ^_^ Have fun guys!
,Recommended,209650,15864220,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,GAZ3LL3,"Fast paced gameplay as all COD's should be and it adds the twist of having exo suits which adds a new dimension. The only drawback is the guns have no kick making it extremely easy to shoot, which takes away the advantage for people with actual skill."
,Recommended,209650,15882083,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,EvilTaco799,Light years better than ghosts far better than MW3 not as good as black ops 2 world at war or the original MW still it's a good game the only thing holding it back from being an great game is the horrible connection issues and lag in the online
76561198018458518,Recommended,209650,15866396,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Handymanjr,"A fun action game that's one of the longer Call of Duty campaigns at nearly 10 hours on Normal Difficulty on my first playthrough.  The graphics are more advanced than seen in previous Call of Dutys, though only slightly more than in the first Next Gen title Call of Duty Ghosts.  The gameplay is fun with more options for vertical play than in previous titles.  I recommend it.Edit: Forgot to add that this is the only Call of Duty, that I'm aware of(PS2 era games and portable versisons), that you only play one character.  It's a bit odd having the story only told through one point of view in a Call of Duty game."
,Not Recommended,209650,15883885,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Galahadoc,"I might have recommended this back upon initial release purely on the back of the single player campaign, that was a bit of fun. But outside of that there is nothing left. No split screen co-op, no split screen anything, the online multiplayer community is dead and thus no games found. I was left playing a few of the maps with some bots just so that I got to see some maps. Buyer beware, if you buy this game do so only with a massive sale and don't expect anything more than the single player campaign.Graphics, look amazing! Split screen would have added replayability regardless of online exploits or simple uninterested audience."
,Not Recommended,209650,12837276,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,No money no honey,"6/10Multiplayer was really fun and refreshing, but none of that matters if i can't find a game. So for now i'll have to recommend not buying this game. It's a total waste that it takes over 3 minutes atleast to find a game, and when i do, i disconnect from host 25% of the times.Edit: To add, the only playable mode is team death match as its the mode that gets the fastest queue times. Whats the point of having other game modes if you have to wait 10+ minutes for a game.It is a shame, but the game is dead. Haven't played single-player, but for the price, you might as well buy other single-player campaign titles."
76561198047465813,Not Recommended,209650,14125269,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Frankie4Fngrz,"It's a call of duty game. What more do you expect. It's like Taco bell. You eat it because it's 4am, you're hungry and hung over. What I'm trying to say is this game is best enjoyed half drunk and later it will give you a bad case of the screaming poops."
76561197977428706,Not Recommended,209650,14049041,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Jonesy D. Law,runs good for 3-30mins then get apphang_b1 crash but runs fine in safemode only game i have that has issues :S
,Recommended,209650,14048033,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SapphiRe,Great Game just not a fan of the hit markers
76561198047346492,Not Recommended,209650,14048633,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Gordon Ramsay,
,Recommended,209650,14049875,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FnaticBoy538,bad..................................................................................♥♥♥♥♥ so much better then ghost
76561198042363688,Recommended,209650,13977769,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,WarMage555,Best COD Multiplayer ever! There's nothing like jumping over buildings and getting 360 no scope MLG Pro shots :) and the campaign is cool too :P
76561198131457377,Recommended,209650,12955471,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Weeknd,"The Call Of Duty Franchise One of the best franchises in all of gaming history Iv'e been playing CoD since Cod4.So I know a lot about Call of Duty, I thought that aw would just be another CoD just with exo abillities but boy was I wrong.AW just blew my mind It's so good i got it on xbox, and ps4. The way you can kill people just makes you pumped up.I literaly jumped out of my seat like 50 times by gettin does Exo dash kills. Well I really wanna get back to playing so i'll just leave it at this AW IS SIMPLY AMAZING YOU NEED TO GET IT."
76561198139777088,Recommended,209650,14105381,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Discount Swaggersouls,Amazingly brought out into a new franchise of the call of duty storyline. I like the feel of the game with the exo jumps however the maps are VERY lag intensive.
76561198035738681,Not Recommended,209650,14107535,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Beer_Belly,game is ok.. It is hard most of the tile to get it to connect online... that suxs..
76561198126415631,Not Recommended,209650,14108584,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,rmclane,"I just started a new mission, color problems are making it to hard to play the game, can't make out anything because of the color, what's wrong. I'm not happy about it."
,Not Recommended,209650,14103195,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Henry,Ok game overall but to much dutys6.8/10 (not payed enough)
76561198137630668,Recommended,209650,14103212,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,XtRa_ChEaP,loved it
76561198126866377,Recommended,209650,14265845,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,GenSlayer,"Its Call of Duty and if your into the whole area shooting in your face, eating noob tubes, mested up kill cams and respawn deaths on more then once a match that would make an undertaker cry. Then this game is for you!!!I'm not knocking it at all in fact this is why we play this game, i know people hate the name but why buy it if you know what your getting into? Overall its a good game, not amazing by any stretch but its fun and exo's bring alot to a table of lead.So if you like Call of Duty pick it up"
76561198151909681,Not Recommended,209650,14368470,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SHIMMER™,"When purchasing I was hoping that this game was going to be a break from the dreadfull call of duty ghost that they gave us. I bought the game and i was playing it like a madman. Then iI got up to level 20 and stopped playing. I realised this game has no dedicated servers and they make some weapons extreamly ""OP"" to others. The game play sure is  fun but I feel like they just went cold on us. No more posting on steam, updates, etc."
76561198125025192,Recommended,209650,14375714,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Santiago,fun but requires strong computers
76561198015866001,Not Recommended,209650,14361803,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Vietvet,Game has issues two maps will not load all the time and a lot of time outs to get in the game.Great graphics but could do more with hiding places lol. for us old farts.
76561198159761810,Not Recommended,209650,14361857,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SwarmingNarwhal,"I really love the multiplayer, having said that its only every once and a while that I can log into my account. Then if I can there ae really only two games, team death match or domination, and from those two there are only seven games runing and all of them are lagged to sh*t. The main story is boring and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,209650,14362562,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Serious asian businessman,This game has a great story line but please BRING THE ♥♥♥♥ING DEDICATED SERVERS NO MORE OF THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I CAN'T TAKE IT NO MORE!
76561198112512408,Not Recommended,209650,14363003,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,X3ron_06,the single player was awsome but the multiplayer is crap come on how many shot does it take to kill someone
76561198125868172,Recommended,209650,14363590,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Toad,Very good game....for CoD
,Not Recommended,209650,14363607,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,HombreHarambe,"Alright. First off, I got this game as a gift. If i didn't get it as a gift i wouldnt have bought or played it at all. I'm just gonna jump straight in with pros and cons of this game. Some of these things are personal peeves, but still just my opinion. I have way more hours than what is shown above, the hours that are displayed are for CAMPAIGN, not MPPros:+Stupid Fun+Unique gameplay elements for the COD series (Yes i know about titanfall, blah blah blah.)+Multiplayer gun diversity+Kevin Spacey+Quality graphics+Very few hackersCons:-----Storyline------Very Linear-Not unique-Rather boring imo-Flat Characters (White male with facial hair for EVERY MAIN CHARACTER)-Very difficult to care about the story line-Painful to finish-----Multiplayer-------All guns do basically the same thing-Who ever sees the other person first wins the gun fight-As soon as you unlock a unique gun with high damage, you insta kill everybody-OP guns everywhere-Spawn camping is real-Worst spawns ever. Yup, still not fixed-Server desync with ~20-50 ping... Constantly...-Exploits everywhere as far as wall breaches are concerned-PC servers are impossible to come by for most game modes-----General------Exo Zombies (Personal thing, because treyarch and infinityward had an agreement that infinity ward could'nt do zombies. So what does the new publisher bring to the table? Zombies. Because they were not in the agreement and its a huge money grab for them.)-More shades of brown and grey than you could ever imagine-You have to keep both multiplayer and singleplayer updated if you want to play just oneTL;DR: You could shave your pubes and glue them to a frozen waffle and have more enticing storyline than this and the servers for multiplayer are about the same quality. MP is broken as far as all weapons being the same and the spawn mechanics enocurage being a♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you can even find a server to play on after searching for 20 mins.2.5/10"
76561197972391013,Not Recommended,209650,13097414,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,broken keyboard,no severs cant get on to play! im looking into it to see if i can file in small claims in my state or i need to file in ther state. i paid all this money and i cant play! thanks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
,Not Recommended,209650,14412760,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,BAM.            [db],WORST call of duty yet! Everything about this game is terrible I wish I did not purchase this garbage. Go back to the drawign boards and just recreate a better Black ops 1..
76561198001286579,Recommended,209650,14414262,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OLDJACK-dA-KING,))((
76561198141631027,Recommended,209650,14417175,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,R.I.P. My Hair,fun game after i play it all i think the story is fun after patch fix its better !
,Recommended,209650,14034583,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,joe pesci hentai,It's Alright...
,Recommended,209650,14035254,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,darkzero_,Best CoD since MW2 <3 !!!!
,Recommended,209650,14035768,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,K R $ H I,I didn't know that 2346 12 years old kids ♥♥♥♥ed my mom
76561198034529310,Not Recommended,209650,14035911,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Krowbar200801,Poor killsteaksBad host serversI would reccomend if price was 15 poundsSingle player is not the best but playable if you have patiencePlaying titanfall really shines a light on how dull this game can be
,Recommended,209650,14039129,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,sev7HELLS,the only issue i have is when some players purposly jump in front of your line of fire to get you kicked off the server on hard core mode. other than this the game is great.
76561198015856126,Not Recommended,209650,13987602,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[LGL] Freakster,this  is  crap black op s is  better  get  rif=de  if  lazers
76561198028389040,Not Recommended,209650,13988028,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,(11)(12)(13)(14)=24024,"This game is good, but there is too many explosions that makes the camera shake. Then theres that Batman mission were you have to grapel to rooftops. All those plus the very slow melee attack just makes it hard to play even on easy, and on multiplayer its annoying.Speaking about multiplayer the laser are too cheep, endless ammo, quick kills it is to frustrating play.But most of all is the grenads, 6 GRENADS AND 3 KEYS TO PRESS TO SWITCH THEM, ARE YOU NUTS!"
,Recommended,209650,13989050,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,wheeldog,"This game blew me away. They pulled out all the stops. There are not as many firefights as I might like but the story and the campaign ... such imagination ! I was pretty much just going ""holy cow I can't believe this is happening"" most of the time. Way too much fun. I'm having a blast in the co-op too. Way to go, Sledgehammer and Activision and all the rest involved in the making of this game. It's brought me back to the franchise."
76561197969495217,Not Recommended,209650,13963474,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,NullerGnuen,"Worst Call of duty to date .. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ match-making when lobbying with people from different countries .. - Laggy games all the time, and inconsistant feel to gameplay.. On top of that, infested with russians .. so only negatives"
,Not Recommended,209650,13963794,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,|drOP| Grumpy,"I would not recommend this game due to no dedicated servers,AND HUGE LAG !!"
,Not Recommended,209650,13313891,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,D3vilMadeMeDoIt,So it's been out a few months and still really buggy/laggy don't get it
76561198130015434,Not Recommended,209650,13965248,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,GreenWeenie,does anyone even play this game online or am i just on some♥♥♥♥♥♥servers because im in japan at the moment?
,Recommended,209650,13952531,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,timj8,"Overall: 4.5 out of 5Graphics: ExcellentGameplay: Very goodStory: GoodQTE: Too manyMy only complaint is that I hate Quick-Time Events, and this game has quite a few. The whole point of interactive 3D gaming is to escape into a character/environment and forget that you're holding a controller or sitting at a keyboard, and Quick-Time Events are the fastest way to pull you out of the world of the game and force you to think about which button you need to hit in that instant. Intead of thinking, ""Run! Duck!"", you're forced to think, ""Thumb! Index finger!"" It completely disrupts the subconscious connection."
76561198060259532,Recommended,209650,13952553,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DocHolliday1887,Once you can find a game mode to play (should have named this Call of Duty: Advanced Wait-time) the game is pretty fun to play.
76561198090980843,Recommended,209650,13953078,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TheRealN1G3L,Very good game. Nice story line in the campaign and the graphics are very good. Multiplayer needs dedicated servers!
76561198054322486,Recommended,209650,13953122,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Air Bud,"Its definatly worth your time!the new exo suit makes the game very fast paced and fun to use in game. i havent had this much fun on a call of duty multiplayer since the first two modern warfare's.Pros-Graphics-Exo Suit-lengthy and interesting campaign (5-6 hours depending on how fast you go)-Fast paced multiplayer-Customization-Kevin Spacey's performanceCons-Not the best port but not the worst either, developers tend to show console favoritism with call of duty."
76561198169379049,Recommended,209650,13953307,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Eidsyasnomis,Absolutly one of the best if not the best COD!! Addicted to it!!
,Recommended,209650,13940747,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SyntaxError,This is a lot better than i expected really enjoying the muiltiplayer the best since the modern warfare series
76561198048957877,Recommended,209650,13943952,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,II-Day-II,It crashes regularly. And you have to reboot  your pc in order to stert the game again. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Will give it another go if they release some new gamemodes (gungame) or a huge patch. the one thing I found better with this game than Black Ops II is that they added a FOV slider. Wich resets now and then. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198067753768,Recommended,209650,13946927,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,C4sper,I like the exo suits :D
76561198140677529,Recommended,209650,13974784,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Pehpr,im ready for zombies hurry up people!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209650,13975167,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Gavan-X,"best ever call of duty after modern warfare, awsome character customization option.. but really need dedicated server to make it better.."
76561197970800996,Not Recommended,209650,14167616,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,PaulOuellette,"The game is good, the fact that it's unplayable is bad."
76561198059715901,Recommended,209650,14169124,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ainsley,really good at crashing
76561198032279676,Not Recommended,209650,14171242,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Diesel Smoke 60,"Cant play 98% of the time, always give me a error, when signing in. when it dose play its lags... The game is broken.... just like  COD ghosts...i have 4.8 hrs on record. I try once a day to try to connect somtimes i can get in ill play a round or 2.but  its little laggy"
76561198118855255,Recommended,209650,14172200,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Little Peach hellcase.com,"Awesome graphics, exo abilitys give you an advantage against others and making the game more competitive players jumping around in this offensive FPS shooter"
76561198168198122,Recommended,209650,14222120,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,phuongmaiunin,good
,Recommended,209650,14004796,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Chili Pepper,"It has a learning curve, try it out. You will 'A' be good at it. Or 'B' eat others ASM1s"
76561198114976362,Not Recommended,209650,14225446,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hellboy,"If you would like to waste your money to play lagging multiplayer game, welcome to join me!"
76561198090256081,Recommended,209650,14227684,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bust A Noot,Fast paced n fun does not get boring. Quite hard to get into at first but is fun after used to it
,Not Recommended,209650,14228767,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,≈Dr. Ethulwulf Sauce≈,"Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare; A short review.Pros:- With the special addition, you get the game and season pass at a slightly reduced price- Weapons seem fairly cool- New grenade switching and tactical abilities- Exo Suits (Need I say more?)Cons:- Weapons seem largely unbalanced, that or competitive/online gaming is largely unbalanced and needs a rebalance.- People on the XBox got Zombie mode first.- There is no mention of a release date for any of the PC title's DLC as of the moment of writing this.- This game likes to eat your graphics card if you have a mid-range computer.There's more, but I kept it short, altogether, I don't reccomend buying the game until there is a launch date for the first DLC on PC."
76561198131358314,Recommended,209650,14186206,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,*jinx*,gg
76561197974778920,Not Recommended,209650,14187226,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,gecko63,bf4 is much better sry!!!!
,Recommended,209650,14006599,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DG | BioFlash,"This game has succeeded in the call of duty series and over topped the last game Ghosts which was a major let down.  This game is highly detailed and will not let all first person shooter lovers down because it has loads of ways to customize, move and even fire a high tech direct energy weapon.  This is an amazing game that I highly recommend if you love FPS's"
76561198001560331,Not Recommended,209650,13997973,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Metophisical,"What to say? Well its pretty much the same game with better graphics and a jet pack. Was fun for a while then quickly became boring, just like every other COD."
,Recommended,209650,13998015,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bhleeee,Very good game
76561197993545673,Recommended,209650,13999250,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Gilgamesh,"I enjoy this game, but it isn't necessarily progress over previous CoD games (prefer Ghosts). Not really sold on the 'exo' abilities, and the menus could be better. The sounds are irritating, and there's hardly anyone online.But, as said, I do enjoy this game (it just could have been better)."
76561198078219626,Not Recommended,209650,14000909,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,WTF,this game sucs cant hardly log in play is most of the time laggy and every one only plays 1 mode of the game
76561198086735745,Recommended,209650,14000925,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,IICONNORII,Not a bad game ther's better call of dutys out there .
76561198079337490,Not Recommended,209650,14001824,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,QuitYerWhinin,"Realism is out.  No effective explosive devices to guard your back trail.  Very unreal that in the future we will become stupider and less advanced in these areas.  Too much lag no matter how high end the gaming system. No dedicated servers as promised, AGAIN.  Lag compensation system creates a cheater like atmosphere.  Basically sucks.  NEW DEVELOPER TIME."
,Recommended,209650,14941362,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Man 0n the Mo0N,"This is my favorite Cal of Duty to date.  Support seems a lot better than Ghost.   One bad thing is once you get used to the exo, it makes it hard to play the other COD's.  But overall, this game is pretty solid.  Dedicated Servers are the main thing this game is lacking."
76561198080238011,Recommended,209650,14942176,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Panda,.....
76561198013451578,Recommended,209650,14890739,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,FirsT_SpeRm,i like this game and all but its gona be the last cod i spend my money on if they cant make it to support triple monitorgaming out the box without any fix
,Recommended,209650,14890821,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Quadratic,"Love the series or hate it, this years Call of Duty game brings quite a lot to the table.Gameplay - 8.5/10The gunplay in this game is very good, I'd even go so far as to say, it's the best in the series. It is very fast paced, moreso than any other CoD, with the new exosuit abilities (Which include Strafe, Boost jump/Double jump, ground pound, and 8 individually selectable  variations of the suit in multiplayer) This game brings the term ""Twitch Shooter"" to new light, as almost every gun is a 3 shot kill, and have very high fire rates. While you can still camp, snipe, defend, and play other slow paced styles, you'll simply be at a disadvantage, and be left in the dust for the people jumping around in the air with their exosuits. There are also more than enough new guns, and wacky mechanics to spice up the CoD formula, with guns that can fire faster the first five rounds, lower recoil the longer you hold the trigger, ect. On top of that, there are several ""variants"" PER gun that have their own niche's and downsides, However, For being a great PC port, (and I do mean that sincerely) it is still just easier to plug in your Xbox One controller via USB and let autoaim do all the work for you. I've literally upped my K/D Ratio by a whole 1 point simply by using my controller with autoaim enabled, it feels so much like cheating, in fact, that I refuse to use it anymore. But overall, the gameplay is solid, and I believe it is going to be staying with the series in the subsequent installments.Story - 6.5/10KEVIN SPACEY KEVIN SPACEY KEVIN SPACEY KEVIN SPACEY... no but seriously guys,KEVIN SPACEY. While the story is a semi-decent length, it has little to no replay value. The characters are mostly forgettable, and a lot of the 'next-gen' exosuit stuff is incredibly on-rails. Weirdly enough, Kevin Spacey's role was the only thing that I even feel fit to talk about in this section, and it is.. subpar. I mean come on, without spoiling everything, we all know where the direction of his character was going. That's all I have to say.Multiplayer - 8/10Ahh, the bread and butter of any Call of Duty game; The multiplayer. It definitely feels like Call of Duty + Superpowers, but retains the important elements of gunplay, as well as expanding on them a bit with some verticality. While a lot of this is covered in the gameplay section, there are tons of new things and guns. The variations are interesting, but don't quite substitute brand new guns. They are supposedly to be viewed as ""Side-grades"" to their respective base gun, but some are just objectively better, and some objectively worse, with little to no grey area. To expand on this, some of the variants' ""downsides"" are something as small as a 1 or 2 frame difference in how fast your can aim down your sights, which at the games 91fps cap, is almost completely unnoticable. You get these variants through ""Supply Drops"" which act and operate identicle to TF2 drops, but lack the excitement, as you'll almost always be getting the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ variants every time. One of the better things is that it has quite a lot of maps to play on, and most of them are very rememberable and fun to play on, expanding upon the ""dynamic enviornments"" that the horrible Call of Duty: Ghosts tried to do. These guys do it MUCH better. There are a lot of gamemodes, and a couple new ones too, but this is completely irrelevant as literally 95% of the players online (which numbers are no longer shown, for some reason) play TDM and FFA exclusively. Good luck getting in any other gametype. Once you do find a game, though, the connection seems pretty stable, even at my mainstream 1mb/s down and up speed. There are supposedly dedicated servers, but I have seen no indication of them existing at all.Graphics - 9/10The graphics on this game are TRULY 'next-gen'. Unlike Ghosts, the fps in this game is optimized VERY well, especially for how good it looks. Tons of Antisotropic Filtering, Anti-Aliasing, and Ambient Occlusion options, and even a 2x, all the way up to 16x super sampling mode (Aka: single-digit fps simulator unless you're running quad sli Titan-X's.) It supports 4k resolution natively, and possibly even higher, as far as I know. I'm overall very impressed at the port of this game, and the graphics are greatOverall - 8/10If you're a fan of Call of Duty, and don't mind a playing TDM for tens of hundreds of hours, get this game. You wont be dissapoint."
,Recommended,209650,14891927,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,worriedawesomeness,"This is a great game, I would recomend this game for sure. I've played for a good while and only came across one hacker who was almost imediatly banned."
,Recommended,209650,14892289,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ka3,This game is great but needs to be optimized for the pc.But otherwise it is amazing!
76561198132215738,Recommended,209650,14895427,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,sexmagician22,"I love all the new mehanics and weapons available in this CoD. The campaign is really amazing too, allowing you to see all of the new stuff in all its glory."
,Not Recommended,209650,14963763,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Giordano2407,The only positive aspect to this game was when I recognised Jack White's voice in one of the trailers. And it's free to watch ;3
76561198039793100,Not Recommended,209650,15390546,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,rootispootis,cant even launch the game now for morethen a week..
76561198122668473,Not Recommended,209650,14265441,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,XxcmoneyxX,"The actual game is a really good game in my opinion... right after I spend decades trying to connect to ""online services""            (Fix this problem and my review shall change)"
76561198186030035,Not Recommended,209650,15493257,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,RoadMonkey,"multiplayer hard disk error, top of the line pc, this game is not worth the $$$$"
76561198029419415,Not Recommended,209650,15472825,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,JoeBearCabra,"Amazing campaign, but the exo suits completely ruined multiplayer for me.  Getting outgunned by anyone who can spam jump and fly right over you just doesn't belong in Call of Duty. And having over 30 hours in the multiplayer, it's safe to say that I wasted more than a day of my life on this game."
76561198133144675,Recommended,209650,15473495,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,mafia_pineapple,iit is funer than killing waffles
,Recommended,209650,15506817,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Zsombor,"If you like things that go boom boom, pew pew, or swoosh swoosh. Than this is your game.9/10, has double jumps and laters..."
76561198042011972,Recommended,209650,14003682,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,stop it,"Ladies, gentlemen, Hyltols and underaged CoD kids, welcome to the best Call of Duty of the millenium.Advanced Warfare is CoD's first major step towards something new since Modern Warfare 2. Instead of a borring, unoriginal millitary shooter where you run around as characters that are about as durable as sheets of tissue paper...well, Advanced Warfare is still a millitary shooter, but in a far-on future year. All millitary units around the world are equipped with high tech Exoskelletons that let them to everything from Titanfall-Pilot their way from rooftops to windows to punch through Titanium blast doors like thin sheets of ice, while also adding durability.While you run around multiplayer maps blasting oppononets with dual miniguns, bass cannons, focus rifles and throwing knives, you'll find you and your opponents equipped with numerous gadgets. Deploy a riot shield from your wrist, cloak out from enemy sight, track enemies around corners.Also, the series' iconic killstreaks are now ""Scorestreaks,"" meaning that you can build credit for them in more ways than one if you're (somehow) not very good at killing. You can also add up to three bonus augmentations to scorestreaks - rip a turret off it's head and run in all Halo style, give your kamikaze assault drone a machine gun and rocket launcher, or give that superdestructive vulcan satellite laser two extra super-wide bursts. Good thing too, because not only are their score requirements quite high at times, but each augmentation an immense ammount of extra score that can throw the cheap recon drone from the 300s to the thousands. Also, did I mention you're now as durable as furnished paper machet instead of wet toilet paper?Also, the fairly-large range of customization from Ghosts (EEW) is back, giving 9 customization zones, 2 genders, and 17 character body-types to choose from. Oh, and scorecards.Probably the most infamous feature is the new ""Skin"" feature. If you've ever played Counter Strike: Global offensive, you'd know that you can occasionaly find (or buy/trade for) weapon skins that change the color and look of a gun. Basically, whenever you finish a game, you have a chance to get a Supply Drop to open. It contains anything from Reinforcement Orbital Care Packages, new customization items to the mentioned skins, all 3 which come in 3 qualities (aside from the stock grey, you have (from least to highest) Enlisted (green), Professional (blue), and Elite (orange). Each weapon skin does something different. For example, the Elite MP11-Squeaker skin adds +2 fire rate, -2 accuracy, adds a red dot sight, removes the stock, and adds an oxydized gold paint and other various fancy details. You can also choose from a separate selection from camos, if you want to spice up a gun you haven't any skins for or if you like a camo's mods but hate it's look.However, drooling aside, there are two big downsides. One, just keep in mind that, it's a CoD title. So expect things like CoD kids, idiots making false threats to hack you, hacked game lobbies, and faulty sniping. And second, the ONE reason there's so many bad reviews...the lag. You see, the people who made this game, promised dedicated servers (server units that run only advanced warfare and nothing else) for us. Guess what? We didn't get those, and will never get those. While the lag is 110% playable with, you'll find yourself being shot down by the enemy in front of you in two KF5 shots after you put an entire S-12 drum of pulse-shells into their head, only for the killcam to play the catastrophe back and show that you didn't shoot first and were just lagging. This makes trade-offs infuriatingly luck based, but this doesn't happen 100% of the time.In summary, this is the only CoD game still played that's worth your time, by afar. Wait for it to go on sale for $44, pick it up while it's hot, and have fun actually enjoying a Call of Duty for once dunking a satellite into a giant glowing ball while rockets and .50 cal rounds are flying past you in every direction ever. Oh, and don't forget to play through the campaign a few times to get the story behind the game and to unlock some exclusive items."
76561197986077823,Recommended,209650,14003769,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DeezNuts,Black Ops 2 was better.
,Recommended,209650,14004160,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Duko,Awesome game with a few glithes here and there.
,Recommended,209650,14004164,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bottom Frag,"I woul recommend the game to the hardcore COD fans and those who have being playing the franchise for a long period of time. I personaly love COD and Advanced Warfare is one of my favorite COD games. However be careful when you buy this game. It is at 60 bucks+ and its lack of dedicated servers make the game un playable. The single player is amazing and so is the multiplayer. But in multiplayer most games I get disconnected from server host and the game itself kind of crashes. And I know its not my internet nor my computer becuase I have 120+mps internet and I have a g751 asus gaming notebook. In general, the game is amazing but be ready for the rage that the multiplayer can cuase."
76561198130355932,Not Recommended,209650,14004455,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Wilson339,"I tried 20 times or more just trying to play, but it always comes up as a black screen if anyone knows how to fix this please tell me."
,Recommended,209650,14004835,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,chubbyTuesday,"It's not for everyone, but at least i enjoy it. The exo is a nice addition and really makes the game feel different"
,Recommended,209650,14006114,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,vxchaos,"NIce Game,buy it! :)"
76561198142378851,Not Recommended,209650,14021629,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,THE XXPUNISHERXX,"THis game would be awesome if they actually had dedicated servers and fixed allllll the problems. Map defender wont load so i dont even get to play the map, Every multiplayer game lags really bad, I get dropped from games alot, Weapons are unbalanced( its easier to get a kill not aiming down sights?!). Honestly, i just want the game for the new zombies so that will be worth it hopoefully......"
76561198081706875,Recommended,209650,13002415,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Siege Toaster,"I'm actually very happy I stuck with the game. At first it looked liked an early release horror, but the developers turned things around pretty darn quick."
76561198107677017,Recommended,209650,14023457,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,AnimusVox,"The campaign is your standard Micheal Bay action movie, with a somewhat predictable plot. It still makes you feel awesome and is a great way to casually kick back and feel good about yourself. If you game for enjoyment and not bragging rights, I highly recommend this game. That being said, the same satisfaction from beating the game on Veteran just isn't structured to be as rewarding as, say, beating Dark Souls. If you know what type of person you are and what type of games you play, I recommend this if your are even considering it. I came in with very low expectations for this game, but I was actually pleasantly surprised by the campaign.Now, the multiplayer:A lot of reviews have complained of ""hackers"" because of the lack of dedicated servers. I haven't experienced any hackers so far and will likely not, people who play Call of Duty will accuse anyone better than them of having el1t3 haxx. I have not spent a lot of time on multiplayer and will likely not spend much, I don't like the CoD style of essentially infantry only combat. Although, for those who do, you will find this CoD multiplayer to be the most addicting one yet. Not only are there the addictive weapon unlocks but there is also a rewarding loot system which gives rewards kinda like CS:GO.At last; the most crippling feature of CoD: AWThe FPS drops.Seriously.In a particularly heartfelt cutscene, I couldn't even see what was going on because the frames kept skipping.EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTING.I have a GTX 970 and maintain a solid 144 FPS capped framerate, and every once in a while it will drop to 5. Frustrating and has caused me deaths and made me rewatch cutscenes on YouTube.Overall;-Not particularly stunning graphics-Fun campaign-Easygoing, casual game-Not awful multiplayer, brings new ways to get around maps with exos-Terrible community, if you can even say that this game has one.-Crippling FPS drops-If you don't think that you will like this game, you probably won't-However, I didn't think that I would like it, and I loved the campaign."
,Recommended,209650,13991077,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,GAR,Remove the LASER GUN! and its one of the best COD's ever
,Recommended,209650,13992137,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Daethz,Best CoD of the SeriesOnly issue is the cutscene mouth/voice desync & not that many players on multiplayer leading to long waittimes.
76561198031240621,Recommended,209650,13992733,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ginger.boy,"I enjoyed this game and it is leaps ahead of Ghosts but have to question the value. I know it is new and that the devs are looking to pay for their efforts but I completed this game on a hard setting in 6.5 hours on single player. The multiplayer version better be awesome or this was not worth it all. Back to borderlands! that said, gameplay is stable, no major glitches and the graphics are great."
76561198077086750,Not Recommended,209650,13997474,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[UGL]DarkFire,As fun as this game is I would not recomend it because there are hackers everwhere and serious lag issues so unless those problems are fixed the game is a waste of money.
76561198170376205,Not Recommended,209650,13838481,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Obelisk Senpai ®,"The main game is ok nothing really special, but if you're like me and got it for the multiplayer DO NOT BUY.(1) No dedicated servers so you are left at the mercy of you're host and pray to what ever god you pray he/she has a good connection or is a honest player.I don't understand how a triple A title would neglect such an important part of the game, I got a new DLC idea for you ACTIVISION dedicated servers so i can actually play online and enjoy it."
,Recommended,209650,13839680,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Klepto Witch,Its a good game. Requires Beefy Graphics Cards and CPUS though.
,Not Recommended,209650,13840609,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Staminaa,"I cannot connect to multiplayer and when I do frequent crashes occur leaving me a black screen. My system is fine, drivers updated, GTX680, I7 3770K, 16 GB Ram, SSD, very frustrating to not be able to play a game online two months after release..... Is there any effort to fix? We dont know... I can't recomend based on the troubles I have - if it improves I will update - I wonder if this is the last time I give activision my hard earned $$ as Ghost was a flop and now this...."
76561198040574415,Recommended,209650,13842864,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SevArktic,"I'm going to come out from under the staircase and say this is one of the most fun games I have played in quite a while, despite the fact it's a Call of Duty.IMHO-PROS:Fast PacedSolid GameplayINNOVATIVEUnreal Tournament-like Movement systemPick-13 systemIn-depth Visual and Loadout CustomizationFantastic GraphicsCONS:NOT ENOUGH PEOPLE PLAYING"
76561198029446986,Recommended,209650,13843331,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sindrolik,Best CoD since CoD4. The movement system is new and exciting and the game moves at a much faster pace because of it. Only down side is no dedicated servers.8/10
76561197990691092,Not Recommended,209650,13843407,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Lol_pH69,Unable to connect to Multiplayer just keep getting the error that the online services are unavailable but checking the website the status says that its fine.
,Not Recommended,209650,14230364,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,PuttlerSWE,"im sorry but this is not a great game, but it's pretty god optimized(multi and singleplayer) but still no. I've given the game a chance but i cant find the ""great game"" i was hoping for. The multiplayer is bad, you cant barley find a server with a GOOD ping(sweden here), no wonder why the defualt max ping is 800. 800, just ridiculous. The singleplayer is great, but not worth 60 euros. i want my money back.."
,Recommended,209650,14284957,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chaxle,"This is the funnest CoD I've played in the few years I've been gaming. The gameplay is fun and thats all that matters to me.9/10There are other obvious problems but it's stuff found in most games these days, unfourtunatly, so it has been disregarded."
,Not Recommended,209650,14153625,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,fragsync,"Not worth the money on the PC platform. The campaign is awesome and looks great but the multiplayer...1. They still don't have dedicated servers for us which they promised.2. Most maps lag.3, Lots of cheaters/hackers4. The community is super small or only plays TDM most of the time. This means you won't be able to play any other gamemode. Sometimes, kill confirmed.This is my honest review."
76561198014376064,Not Recommended,209650,14154035,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,FlatScreenTV,"The game ain't half bad. it's most fun COD in a while, I would say after Black Ops. But the servers are really bad. I can never connect on first try, usually takes me about 25-40 tries before I connect to multiplayer and sometimes it simply doesn't connect. I don't have a slow connection and other games work fine but it's nearly impossible to get this game to work during peak hours (6-10 pm). That sort of spoils the fun."
,Recommended,209650,13556550,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,» zєяѕтöяєи «,"Update 3 Febuary 1, 2015:After reseting my computer, and optimizing my graphics card and drivers - I was able to play this beautiful game at a solid 60fps, with minumum freezing. The story line and graphics were both wonderful, the multiplayer is nice. The Technology in game that seemed stolen from titanfall and various other games were actually well integrated. I enjoyed the campaign. And I will continue to enjoy the Multiplayer.Update 2 January 10, 2015:I have run Advanced Warfare on All High specs running a solid 70-100fps and crash. I have run Advanced Warfare on All Low  specs running a soldi 200-300fps and crash. I have compeltly turned off all shadows and still crash. I have updated every single driver on my computer including directx. AND IT STILL CRASHES! After putting the game in ""optimum settings"" it still crashes. This game is not worth your money. I would suggest any other Call of Duty especially since they dont crash like this one does.Update 1 December 24, 2014:While every single game in my library can run on max settings and never crash. This game crashes on a regular basis with settings on a mediocre level. It is very common to have to load your game into safe mode becuase the game always crashes. I dont stop playing the game when I want to, but when the game wants to crash. The worse part about it is that you can not tab out of the game or hit windows or anything! There is no way to escape the game and join back! That means everytime the game crashes, I have to hold down my powerbutton and hard reset my computer. Keep in mind that this is the only game that does this! All of the other Call of Duties even run perfectly! but not this one. This one was poorly put together and limits the amount of games you can even play."
76561198117080786,Recommended,209650,14288520,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Nizivik,Great game I recommend it. The story was well thought out and very fun to play.
,Recommended,209650,14289074,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jhon778,"It's decent. Some maps struggle on higher end systems. Campaign is unoptimized. Its 100% unplayable unless played in 900p, windowed.Exo survival is a blatant ripoff of MW3 survival mode, but its fun.The campaign is beautiful. Rather than being about trying to stop a hardcore terrorist from destroying everything(well, it starts like that), it shifts off to the fight against corporate greed.That's all."
76561198034587320,Not Recommended,209650,14289503,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jack,"shoot, shot in the back , rinse and repeat COD . utter rubbish imo."
76561198019202143,Recommended,209650,14342638,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Falconboy,It's COD don't really know why people have such high expectations
,Recommended,209650,14342833,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ATX_max,"Probably the most fresh I've seen a COD since Modern Warfare 2. Too bad they've already shoved like 10 of there games down our throats already. But all in all, it's a good game... It's just beating a dead horse"
76561198121353492,Recommended,209650,12974621,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bacon_Gaming,"No freedom, no choice, so, death doesn't matter and quitting is the only true victory."
76561197989934627,Not Recommended,209650,14346909,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,L'Carpetron Dookmarriot,"I love having to pay every 2 months to get content that should have been in the game to begin with! As a broke college student, this is exactly how I want to spend my money. Did you know you have to buy zombies in order to play it? its only 15 dollars though, what a steal! I love how they made this the first game where you have to pay to play zombies, yet they advertised the game as having zombies. 10/10 would pay to win again."
,Not Recommended,209650,14347686,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,BGod,"First off if you are looking for a great PC game that costs !!LESS!! than this game I would get any Recent Battlefield game (it will take getting used to meaning less rushing) ,but now to this game. Honestly I thought that this was going to be the best COD ever and it was... for a while. When the first update came out there were some spawn fixes, but not most of them. This game has the worst wepon balance ever similar to COD MW3 sledge hammer still has not learned. Now the servers well there is no ping number there is a very inaccurate connection bar. The entire game seems like they coppied and pasted the game from xbox one and added settings PC does not work the same guys. No PARTY GAMES this just pisses me off because you go to these when you get mad so you don't break something over a dumb♥♥♥♥♥game. Now for some positives of the game. Fast paced (sorry if thats spelled wrong), Exo suits which come naturally for me but if it does not you can play classic. Now the main reason you Dont want to buy this gameThey didn't even try for the pc and they started that with MW3 and thats when the community crashed for pc the most players i have seen is 3500 and it's hard to get in a game of FFA."
76561198145993481,Recommended,209650,14328302,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Bambino,"Not sure what the update was today for both MP and regular. Tried going in game to see if anything has changed only to find that the preium bundles for skins(nano,magama,etc) have all been taken away after i purchased them and have been using them for over a week. Not to mention there is a slight more noticeable lag now since this mysterious update that took a whole 1.5gb. Not sure what it is because no information was given, but not good first impression. I was hoping it was a map pack, but i do not know. Would like some feedback to get this resolved and figured out. thanks."
,Recommended,209650,14330522,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,BGJ.OmaeWaMouShindeiru,"YES. This game is great. definately the freshest cod in the franchise since Cod4. The campaign was epic if not a bit too short and the MP is awesome. Great maps and awesome gameplay comign from the exosuits. The only downside to the multiplayer, is that they need to either change it from skill based matchmaking to connection matchmaking or GIVE THIS GAME FREAKING DEDICATED SERVERS. overall. Worth buying, really great new ideas brought in by sledgehamr but it wont be the best cod. UNTIL the add dedicated servers."
76561198109195116,Recommended,209650,15908774,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Slice,Good story line in my opinion and decent graphics.  Good game wouldn't want to skip out on.
,Not Recommended,209650,16741681,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[B]eter,Tired of TDM and Mosh Pit.
76561198086900837,Recommended,209650,16741725,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lemanite,It's okay...I guess?
,Not Recommended,209650,16742898,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Noam,.
76561198085959343,Not Recommended,209650,16749199,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Boxk1ng,serching for gameno game fouindserching for gameno game fouindserching for gameno game fouindserching for gameno game fouindwow this game is dead?YUP WASTE OF 50 BUX!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,209650,14152666,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,whatisdead,"Lots of fun at first, unti the pay to play crap started. Good luck finding any lobbies unless you want to buy more stuff."
76561198166414703,Recommended,209650,16750361,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sherlock,"This game is extremely unique compared to the other COD: games. This game is ectremely unique in a very positive way, and is a change from other games. I do not want to say that this game is badly new, but it is new with more characters,weapons,and treats. Basicly, this game has a new kind of approach towards the player, and has more things to learn in order to have fun."
,Recommended,209650,14073842,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Smurfson,"Black ops 2 got drunk and banged a chick. *C0nd0m broke*Chick gives birth to titanfalltitanfall bangs chick few years later *c0nd0m bursts""Chick gives birth to Advanced WarfareLesson learned: always wear 2, or else the world goes to Havoc, HAH get it? cause Havoc is the dlc and... ehh whatever"
76561198131235457,Not Recommended,209650,16755264,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,spiral141,"after playing this for a good few hours I now know why the reviews are mixed. The campaign is laggy, crashes sometimes, and is just generic and cliche like in general. The multiplayer is even worse, but a little bit better than Ghosts. The new exo movements were fun for a while, but after being constantly being killed by random people coming up behind me I simply had enough. To sum it all up, it's just another COD game that has barely changed a bit."
,Recommended,209650,16652911,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,EverynS,"I would recommend this game to anyone that somehow has the Dedicated Video memory (RAM) over 17GB, mainly because at 7.5GB, I have 487 MB being used for AW. I loved this on Xbox, even got over 15 kills per day in one life! Until I got banned for ""Cheating"" on BO2. After that I swapped to a computer experience. I thought it would be better, but nope. Multiplayer AND Campaign lag (I dont know why that's possible), which sucks for me.  Waste of my 30$. Unless someone knows how to fix that, I wont play this game anymore. (Please Message me I love the game so much)"
76561198084564360,Recommended,209650,16655138,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,^5[BSO]^4paddza_99,amazingfuturisticgreatbetter than goodbetter than greatbetter than amazingnot better than my toiletsuch shower
,Not Recommended,209650,16657104,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Retro,"i bought it but it wont let me play it, it keeps taking me to the god dam store:/ please help. i mean when i go to the store it says gold edition is in your steam library"
,Recommended,209650,16147683,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,nguiq,really good but need a long time to find match
76561198127198347,Not Recommended,209650,16147631,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,{CF2} AssassinLink,"A great game to delete.I wasted a buttload of money on the gold edition. Most likely never going to play it again. Could have bought anotherbuttload-number of keys in tf2 and I would have gotten a (much)better experience.Only good thing that this game did is that it made me feel like I could (Almost) slam-dunk over Shaq (Those jumps though).Never buying another cod at the market again, that one tasted nasty.Oh, and will never buy another Call of Duty game again (unless it has Morgan Freeman in it or gets really good reviews after a month)"
76561198117621098,Not Recommended,209650,16149105,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Skyler,Multiplayer : No Game Found - 10/10
,Recommended,209650,16439463,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Nindez,"Great game, multiplayer wise. Kind of like Quake and CoD mixed together."
,Not Recommended,209650,16439574,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,lebowski,No one plays multi player waste of money
76561198107906058,Not Recommended,209650,16442015,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ω Zan Gaming Ω,"Ok so here is why this review is sortof mixed. If you want the full experience of this game play it on a console. Read the review for the resonsFirst off the game is great I loved it and would never trade it away.But the fact that on PC you can't buy advance supply drops is the worst thing ever, and the only gamemodes that are played are TDM and Mosh pit. If you play this on ps4 or xbox one you will get in a game of one shot or gungame, capture the flag, search and destroy you will always find a game in seconds actualy thats for all the gamemodes but on the PC you won't find♥♥♥♥♥♥exept the sometimes super lagy game of gungame or oneshot.Sledgehammer games shoud make it so when we enter the store we have two tabs a steam store tab and a advance supply drop tab so we can buy those dang supply drops and not have to only get the 120 or so we get from leveling up on levels 20 30 40 50. In all fareness the game is great and you should play it on a console more than on the PC becous here you can only play the quickly repetitive game of tdm or mosh pit aned no advance supply drops"
,Recommended,209650,16485703,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KAN,Yes and No because it gets boring over time.
,Not Recommended,209650,14503164,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,sonicspeed18,"This game is a huge step up from all of the other Call of Duties. Sledgehammer did an epic job on this game. Would definitely reccomend.That was my old review, but now my opinion is much different. I Pre-Ordered this game for 60 USD. Why is it that I now have to pay extra for zombies?! They don't even offer a version without it anymore, I paid the money, why can't I have Havoc, seriously, this is some bull. Why should I have to pay an extra 15 bucks to get the zombies if I paid the money for the game. I can understand maps, skins, guns, and all of that other stuff, but why didn't you just release the original game with zombies, seriously. Or at least a download link for when it came out."
76561198121357633,Not Recommended,209650,14327554,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,dabbo1983,bad bad bad they lie they say they have dedicated servers but they really dont honest they say its peer to peer because there are lots of people playing but try playing like nine inthe morning when there is like only two or three games of death match going on and you will find that either you or sombody else is hosting the match why lie thats called false advertisment and if was a sad act id want my cash back and dont get me started on the hacker skum look if battlefield can sort it out why cant the mighty cod
,Recommended,209650,16509761,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NeXus,i wish more people played
76561197960316566,Not Recommended,209650,16511568,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ROCKE BALBLOHME,yeah
76561198103546051,Recommended,209650,16516942,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[OSP] Oxide,great game
76561198084558664,Not Recommended,209650,16501447,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Watermelon,its♥♥♥♥♥♥cant believe i brought the zombie dlc too. got scam so hard
76561197993375979,Not Recommended,209650,12931910,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Cain,"I was really looking forward to this game. However, i was still abit skeptic cause of the downhill trend since CODMW so i did not pay the additional 50 for the DLC stuff. Good thing i didnt cause the multiplayer is horrible. still p2p NO DEDICATED SERVERS.Single player:The storyline is great and the GFX are upgraded. It looks good.  However it is glitchy in multple locations on the map. I constantly get my player literally stuck between a rock and a hard place.  The sound in the cinematic events are not in sync. Its like watching a bad Godzilla moive.  I believed they have tried to fix it because now the sound is completly jacked up and you cannot hear anything. So i stop playing the single player cause idk wtf is going on.The multiplayer:Those good GFX that are in single player do not carry into the MP. Its okay but its no FARcry game or crytech engine. If you like playing HC mode which i do you only get 4 game modes while normal game mode gets them all.Game matching with P2P is JUNK!!! They dont get it. If you are lucky enough to get linked up with players to play MP, which takes 40 min so grab a beer and cook a pizza, its very laggy cause the kid given the host connection is located on the moon with a 56k connection or hes downloading a ton of junk while playing. For PC gaming with FPS dedicated servers are a must.There are countless glitches, getting stuck on map, bodies floating in the air, slow hit regs, replays or of sync the list will continue. I could live with all of them if the game was playable. its not 3/4 of the time because of no dedicated servers. So if you do buy, and when you FINALLY get connected into a good game DO NOT LEAVE cause finding another will take all day.  Good luck out there.  The only reason why they got my money... i was told there would be dedicated servers. There are not. its a lie. If they planned on adding dedicated servers later.... Then they are morons. Should have done it at game release."
76561198057906885,Recommended,209650,12932212,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BIG PP-Bizon,"Best Multiplayer in cod since MW2. Yes the beginning of some maps lag, sometimes you're killed and you feel like its bs, but that happens in every call of duty, and honestly if you have a halfway decent computer and internet connection it's not a big deal. The lag only happens at the start of the match and goes away, and this is only on  a few maps. The exosuits add a new way to play the game and its much more fast paced and really fun."
76561198032186033,Recommended,209650,12933126,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Harbor Master,Good game overall. The campaign is amazing and has a gripping story even though its still the same run of the mill base line of you being a complete killing machine. The multiplayer is faster paced and a lot more fluid than previous callofduty's. I have had no performance issues so far and I am very pleased with this game.
76561197965093983,Recommended,209650,12933916,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,☭ MARPATdroid ☭,"Advanced Warfare is good, but the multiplayer aspect which is why everyone buys it is suffering from the lack of dedicated server support.  It seems like match making gives the person with the poorest internet connection the host role, and everyone else suffers.I've only played through the first few missions on Single player but the story seems pretty solid from what I have seen.Graphically the game looks beautiful, the sounds are rich and positional audio works great.I am curious why it is 47.7 GB though, it doesn't seem like it should be that big of a game.Aside from latency in multiplayer I havn't had any FPS issues until today, I'm not sure what caused that to spontaniously happen as there were no updates and the version number is the same as it was yesterday.  At first I thought it was my mouse not tracking right, but then I looked at FRAPS and noticed that the FPS which usually is pegged at 60 on my system was jumping between 19 and 47.All and all the game is good, but definitely needs dedicated servers for people to play on, it would help the community greatly.  I give the game a solid 7/10, I'm usually more of a Battlefield or Arma gamer, but this game is worth picking up because it is different, not the regular M-16 and M240 game, it has a nice futuristic feel with the exo abilities.  Which also server to get rid of the bunny hoppers because if you double jump you go up up and away.   It's a cool dynamic.Ohh yeah, just like in Game of Thrones they say ""Winter is coming""  well ZOMBIES ARE COMING!!!!!!  I can't wait for that DLC."
76561198093039194,Recommended,209650,14600990,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mr.Bubblé,"Online reviewI've seen a lot of people complaining about the fact that there is no dedicated servers. And yes that is annoying, but the gameplay is still great. And it looks like sledgehammer is working hard to figure out how to get the dedicated servers up. But it's probably going to take a little bit of time, but they recently made an update that made the connection problems a little better.Pros/cons- no dedicated severs- still some connection problems+ gameplay is amazing+ the sound is amazing+ it's really fast paced+ the campaign is ok i guess+ an 8 year told some guy to go jerk off with a taco"
,Recommended,209650,14661170,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TinacoSenpai,i love it
76561198015615503,Recommended,209650,14663841,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[BB]Grizzley1978,"My review of the game is as follows:Single Player:Great cinamatics and good game play, but very linear.  Like most AAA FPS games, the navigation is guided.  This, at least for me gets old really quick.  I lost interest 3/4 into the storyline.Multiplayer:Like previous typical COD games in the past the new addition to the exo suit adds a new element to the gameplay.  I enjoy HC Domination so my review is based off of this.  The gameplay is fast paced, just like previous COD titles.  The EXO suit as mentioned adds a new dimention to how you would play.  You can still play without using the features of the EXO Suit, but you lose the advantages it brings.Multiplayer is still fun after all these months, looking forward to the new maps, but still a lot of fun, when you have good players.  Like all other multiplayer games there are hackers, who ruin the fun, but hey, that's where you leave the server and join another!I enjoy COD and Battlefield. Two very different styles of play.  Battlefield is vast and slower, COD is smaller but fast paced.  Overall a good game to have."
76561198015604040,Not Recommended,209650,14664836,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[H1N1] DALLAS,"They just want your money, they don t give a f.u.ck about you or the way you feel. Every year it becomes worst and worst.Call of Money♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU!"
76561198159791644,Recommended,209650,13475222,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,janderh2682,liked the game but didnt liked the sound problem
76561198116552300,Not Recommended,209650,13478953,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dispenser (spaghettification),R
76561198014892412,Not Recommended,209650,13489754,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,3 in the stink,"It sucks I wasted my money on this game.  I love all of the call of duty games but this has been a mess.  It lags really badly, even in the menus.  Before I start, I should mention I just upgraded my entire system just preparing for this game, so i can handle this game on max settings, so nothing here relates to my system speeds or internet connection which are both top notch.The game lags on both the menu and the multiplayer.  The single player operates flawlessly and is a lot of fun but I buy Call of Duty for the multplayer.   They just released a patch and now a majority of people cant connect.  I didnt have a problem connecting and still dont, but of all the game types, there are only a couple that actually have 2 or 3 games going on, so I can only play deathmatch and kill confirmed because no other game type has any one playing because no one can connect.  This has been going on for two days now.I thought the Bio-Packs were cool at first but it gets old having people bounce around constantly.  It takes the fun out of it once you play for a little bit.   The cool thing is that the patch added game modes that dont have the bio-pack but I havent been able to play them 1 single time because their is never anyone in there due to the connection issues.I should have listened to the reviews, but I just had to see it first hand.   Big mistake.   Not worth the waste of money because of all the issues.  If there were no issues with lag and connection then I would probably think it is a great game because its the same COD that I alwyas love and the option to play without BIO-Pack would be perfect for what I want.  Just didnt work out that way because no one can actually play and I think those that can are boycotting this piece of garbage."
76561198022186080,Recommended,209650,13489765,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Albertscrewball,"Perhaps the best CoD campaign to date.  The game is very involved and while still very linear ,as is usually the case with such games, there are some ways that you can change various outcomes and cut scenes based upon performance.  The plot is very well thought out and keeps you on your toes throughout the experience.  The multiplayer is pretty standard but shares more with games like Titanfall with the excessive jumping and boosting.  Pretty standard fare for a CoD game."
76561198065554224,Recommended,209650,12943715,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,am33rtriplex,awsome game best cod yet
,Recommended,209650,13496213,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Crimzon,Amaze
,Not Recommended,209650,13732128,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Invalid,"Call of duty Advance warfare is not available currently, Please try again later.This is all I've had for 4 weeks GG"
,Recommended,209650,13702798,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,💦Splunge💦,"I usually don't write game reviews, but this one definitely deserves it. Advanced Warfare has to be my favorite Call of Duty yet, which is a pretty bold statement since I've played the Multiplayer for only a few hours. I don't even meet the minimum requirements to play this game, but I can still pull a constant 70fps on Very High settings. It looks great, plays great and runs great. The only problem I found is that some servers tend to lag compared to others. I'll play on a specific map and run it fine, but I'll play that same map on a different server and I'll run less than desirable frames. That is probably the only problem I've encountered with this game, so I can't really complain. All the weapons and skills seem balanced, except for the EM1 laser rifle, thing's a beast. If you're sure you can run this game, pick up a copy. It's well worth it."
76561198024558147,Not Recommended,209650,13702830,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,the AIDS Virus,"Where to begin. My cousin got this game for Christmas for his PS3. Played it a while, and the game is great. However, the PC community is getting bent over at the moment. I have all the necessary specs to run this game, and I can't even get past the main menu half the time. Cutscenes studder like no ones business, as does the gameplay if I can get that far. Graphics are on the lowest settings and still I cannot play. Do not buy this game until all issues have been fixed. Do not buy this game without reading reviews first, which is what I should have done."
,Recommended,209650,13703218,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Stormbringer,"Great, finally a COD game that is a worthy successor to MW3! I also enjoy the Multiplayer Game, far better than the last two games in the COD franchise."
76561198133000524,Recommended,209650,13704242,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dank Hill,Better then any other cod game
,Recommended,209650,13704632,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,LowerDanny,Its a great campain and WAY better than Ghosts But is definately hardware intensive...
76561198055456670,Not Recommended,209650,13705514,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mobius,"This game is absolute garbage, the designers didnt even take the time to make the proper launch verifications, 0/10do not buy, I want my money back ."
,Recommended,209650,13747713,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dr_Manhattan,The single player is EPIC!Multiplayer in the beginning has some lag problems but now (31 dec 2014) seems ok to play.
,Not Recommended,209650,13917767,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,mynis,"I wrote a review a little while back recommending this game and going over the pros and cons. I take it back, this game has only cons. A few patches into this game's release, the performance and stuttering became unbearable even with a high end system. The EM1's fire rate is still a multiplier of your frame rate, making it completely broken. This game shouldn't even be sold on steam, it's a scam."
76561198176852413,Recommended,209650,16145493,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DAMN DANIEL,very goodgame
76561197995349701,Not Recommended,209650,16768937,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,HAMRismypenis,Crap game.   Hacked since day one.    MP alomst unplayable.
,Recommended,209650,16769367,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,AAVTSL,"When game devolopers make CODs, they make it for consoles.  Then they asume that the same thing will work on PC and they are wrong.  For example-They EMP1(laser gun):  This is broken on pc.  The engine they have used in this call of duty as they used in all of the other call of dutys heavly relies on your fps.  On the laser, if you have a high fps the laser shots faster making it op.  This isn't so much a problem of console because everyone playes at the same frame rate, and if you don't belive me either play the game or watch drift0r's video on it.  Another example is the XMG's(dual LMG).  The main problem with this is that in lock down mode they are really accurate and shoot really fast, which isn't nessacarally the problem.  On console when you go on lock down mode the auto aim is disabled so you can't be as acurate.  You can't do that on pc because there is no auto aim at all, so basically there is no penalty for using the xmg's in lock down mode.  They are just two examples of how they didn't think about PC.Single Player-  It started of good, not to hard but it's alright.  At he begining it felt like there was more detail than the end, it seemed like they rushed the ending.Games not that hard to run, i mean i play it on high with a gtx 750 ti on 1080p.It's still a fun game though, for me the connection is usually decent, spawns are sometimes bad though.It's better than Ghosts"
,Not Recommended,209650,16770371,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Classiic,dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever
,Not Recommended,209650,16699588,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Windoes,No body plays it in online mode anymore.
,Recommended,209650,16700753,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Alan Snackbar,"Best game i have ever seen.Truly, AWESOME!"
76561198093288281,Not Recommended,209650,16702090,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,yes sir okay,gane crashes at begining of the game. survival works
76561197969030137,Not Recommended,209650,16635524,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,T L F,"Biggest piece of junk ever... I've played and bought tons of games over the past 14 years. This looked horrible , ran horribly and just a huge waste of time. I want my money back.  I've never run into problems with a game that this threw at me..."
76561198052726459,Not Recommended,209650,16709763,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Marelius,Doesn't work... i have the gold edition and it says go to the store and buy this.
,Recommended,209650,16102733,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DasDaJollyBatman,Better then expected
,Recommended,209650,16103507,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,thermal paste,play call of duts
76561198150122524,Recommended,209650,15890951,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Captain Neil,Single player is good. The multiplayer is good too but i cant find any servers. I have to wait for my friends in Europe and USA to join only then i can join TDM. i cant find games on my own. I hope they fix this issue
76561198042750845,Not Recommended,209650,15814536,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Estel the Lion,"I've always been a casual fan of this game series, all the way back to ""World at War"", which was the first game I actually played online (ever, actually). I'm not some crazy fan boy that buys them all, and I didn't buy most of the games that followed it, but whenever I went to a friend's house, this was always fun to play. So, I buy this one saying ""man, how fun would it be to get back into it?"" I got it mostly for the multiplayer, and much to my surprise and disappointment, I searched for a game (even with standard maps, no DLC) and literally NO ONE was online. Couldn't find a single match after going through every single game modes. Graphics? Beautiful. Kevin Spacey? Gotta love him. But without the multiplayer, this game doesn't stand up. Not worth $60 at all. If you find it on sale for $20 and have nothing else to play, then it might be worth it. MIGHT."
76561198114242130,Recommended,209650,15835429,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Chrome,Its fun
,Not Recommended,209650,15836185,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MoonV,"I'm from Malaysia and when i enter the game, there was no servers at all. It means that there is no players at all! WTH! Is it because im in a different region or what? Anyone help me please"
,Not Recommended,209650,16027014,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[EDB]emforceful,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥i wanted to give it a good review,but i cant laggy ♥♥♥♥ poorly optimized no dedicated servers and to high system requirements for pc,i have an overclocked gtx 770 and an i-7 4779pk and 16gb ram and i get 40-60 fps,if u can run this on an xbox3♥♥♥♥♥y and a pissstation3 then u can run it on windows xp with 2gbram and a pentium and a gtx 480!"
76561198068101021,Recommended,209650,16016749,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TrueBimbo™,"I do enjoy this game, but with so much hate and other issues its not fun anymore and with barely any people online its hard to get in a lobby, black ops 2 has more players again, same story with ghosts. hopefully the next black ops 3 will be a game worth attention."
76561198108966722,Not Recommended,209650,15918466,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,s117,Campaign is usual COD. intro of mechsuit adds a new dimention to the game but doesnt take over. new exo survival is a good challenge. new zombies is a little underwhelming but not to mention horrendously overpriced. if one map was included it would be tolerable but having all zombie maps as dlc is just a money pit
,Recommended,209650,15808798,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Reb3lution,"okay so i am going to talk to you about something no COD player gives a dam about, the campaign. i know i know you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥but lets be honest the multyplaor is the same rehashing of the same old thing we have seen over and over again and we don't care. i finished the campaign in about 10 hours and i must say it was more than i expected. sure it was no bioshock or even comparable to the storylines of the old CODs like the big red one, but it still was a lot of fun and i do recommend playing it. good game all around and i still can not believe that Kevin Spacey actually was in the game, i wonder if we are going to see more and more big time actors in games now that games are more popular than movies?"
,Recommended,209650,15928113,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Sgt. York,This game is great. unlike MW2 i could get into good games and it wasnt laggy at all. it was worth the 40 bucks i paid for it. also exos make the game more interesting. only con is that most of the sniper rifles are not that great. other than that it is amazing.
76561198116151880,Not Recommended,209650,13422950,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,J4TV,"I can't recommend this game to most people unfortunately.Good:Great graphicsFun new exosuit abilitiesBad:-Evey map is almost the same size (maybe not physically but feels like it.-Certain weapons are well overpowered (for instance assault rifle in most cases beat the submachine guns at close range. The Bal-27 especially so, leading to most just running around with this only gun, or the laser)-The health is too dang low. This leads to tons of wtf seconds and wondering how you died if there is even one iota of lag making the game and overall lemon for multiplayer in my opinion.Conclusion:If you want to jump around play titanfall.If you want a good shooter play BF4 or the like.If you want to jump around in campaign play this."
,Recommended,209650,12916422,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Giantest Dad,"After about 100 hours into the multiplayer (which is rather fun if you'd ask me), I feel like it's time to polish the original review I had posted.I'll start with Pros:-Graphics are familiar-Gameplay is smooth (once you get the graphics to suit your system)-Controls are fluid-Decent variety of weapons at your disposal-Maps are diverse-Player customization allows you to create a unique soldier-Exo-Suit adds to the gameplay to make it feel like a different game (almost)and now for the Cons:-Lack of (promised) dedicated servers-(in my case) Can't even load into certain maps (i.e. Riot)-some guns need major balancing to correlate with  Mouse/Keyboard controls considering the game was a console port-matchmaking system occasionally takes forever to find a match (assuming nobody is playing the gamemode you wish to play)-Framerate issues (overall stability could be better, I have a decent rig and would expect better frames than I am currently receiving)-Emblem editor was obviously designed for one using a remote controller and isn't as easy to use as I'd wish with a Mouse/Keyboard-Supply drops; Yes, they allow for random items to keep an inventory diverse, but I'm personally not a fan.Overall I'd give the game a generous 7.75 out of 10. The only reason I'm giving it this high of a rating is because I trust Sledgehammer is working to release a decent patch along with their first DLC.Would I recommend the game?In its current state: no.In a couple of months: yes."
,Not Recommended,209650,13424414,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ThisFuckinDude.,this i was very happy for but when i brought the day zero edition and started playing i was sad because there were no dedicated servers and i never new some many people ♥♥♥♥ed my my last night 10/10 would get told they ♥♥♥♥ed my mum last night again
,Not Recommended,209650,13424853,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,RoryBear,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port and need some work, but its fast pased and fun."
,Recommended,209650,13425522,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Parzival,"Servers have a bit of lag, but overall, I'm loving it."
76561198015062701,Recommended,209650,13426405,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,AscensioN,Best single player campaign made in the CoD series. Worth 7 hrs of gameplay.Multiplayer is fun. Cheaters and Campers don't make it entertaining tho.
76561198044755905,Recommended,209650,13427945,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,NOVA,Definatly more fun then masterbating with sandpaper.11/10
,Recommended,209650,13482928,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,AnZarde,Amazing singel player story and multiplayer is better then expected with thoughts on the new exo suits being op/boring
,Recommended,209650,13487693,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,austin_preiss19,"Please fix the ""Advanced Warfare Servers are not available at this time."" NOW. Love this game but laggy maps and situatuions like this are going to kill it for me. Before the update it played well. Now??? Cant even play....."
76561198025378299,Recommended,209650,13487914,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Riddickulous,Definitely still best call of duty to date for multiplayer. Have some aimbots coming up now that need to be taken care of though. Haven't had to deal with many until now. It's unfortunate. Still 10/10 despite hacks.
76561197988182616,Not Recommended,209650,13488060,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,marcin12marcin,"Just FYI,I will comment on PC Multiplayer play and warn people before they purchase. After patch released on december 18, I was not able to play multiplayer. Game can not connect to a server no matter how many times I try."
,Not Recommended,209650,13506702,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[AKA] Mixed Reaction,"Lord Chin Chin needs a new sacrifice. If we can get all PC players to sacrifice this game to him then maybe, just maybe Lord Chin Chin will be pleased and the Pink guy and all his friends will live in harmony.That is how bad this game is."
76561198020745711,Not Recommended,209650,13509789,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Killing Time,F'n s&cksMultiplayer not available most times try... NO SUPORT.. DO NOT BUY
76561198149049837,Not Recommended,209650,13525608,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HackerMan,"this game should never have been released with this many bugs, activision should be ashamed of themselves.all the money you spend and this game doesnt even have dedicated servers.♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of lag.being in the lobby and still joining the game late.lag.aim bots.lag.awful mechanics.lag.doesnt spawn evenly.lag.respawn positions are rediculuous.lag.when i close the game and reopen it; it wont connect online unless i restart the machine.lag.have they even tried to make this next gen or what, may aswell be playing black ops on my 360.BUT THE THING I CANNOT STRESS ENOUGH IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING LAG,  HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO PLAY A FPS WITH LAG?other than those few points above i think the developers have done a great job on Titanfall......oh wait."
,Recommended,209650,13349496,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,dirtydevil,good game
,Not Recommended,209650,13799017,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Clay,"I wouldn't buy this. It's more of a console based game.Normally less than 2,000 people online at one time, which makes mostif not all of the gamemodes (besides TDM) useless."
,Recommended,209650,13799645,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RNG,"Awesome campaign and multiplayer is flawless. Not sure why people complain about server lag, but oh well 9/10 would recommend this if you like arcade style shooters!"
,Not Recommended,209650,14318225,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dr. Badnews,needs a dedicated server as I'm really frustrated with bad hosts...
,Not Recommended,209650,14319150,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Hrivnak Films,"I purchased the Pro Edition of Advanced Warfare In december. It was on sale for $80 on Steam. I love the Call of Duty Franchise, but this installment was really bad. When I load the first Campaign mission, the screen is completly black. All i can hear are the voices. Also, the game is super laggy on multiplayer. If Activision or Steam just updated it to fix the major problems, this game would be amazing. I own Advanced Warfare on the Xbox one and it's amazing. I would not recommend getting this game on Steam."
,Not Recommended,209650,14305366,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TheEnginerd #GibusMasterRace,"This game has so much wasted potential. The exo suit mechanics and mobility are incredibly enjoyable and make the multiplayer fresh and fun. But the hybridization of dedicated servers and player hosted servers makes the multiplayer experience very inconsistent, and often on the laggy side. Sometimes I will win every gun duel I get into in a game and other times it seems like I can't hit anything and always lose every shootout. It is very frustrating because I enjoy the game mechanics but find it tough to enjoy playing the game much of the time. The player base suffers and the multiplayer is surprisingly dead for a farly new release of such a huge franchise.I enjoy playing the campaign and can't wait for the zombies, though Activision is still accepting Microsoft's bribe money to make the Xbox seem like a more premium platform which is just infuriating. Zombies is really the only driving force for this game for me. I would not spend the full AAA price and certainly not pay for the DLC packs for just the campaign and often unplayable multiplayer. So we will see after I get to start playing the zombies if this game was worth the $100 for me.If Activision and Sledgehammer are willing to put the work forward to implement full dedicated servers, improve PC optimization, balance the weapons, and try to build the player base this game could be fantastic. Though with the recent track record of the Call of Duty franchise I dont have the highest hopes.I would only recommend this game if it is on sale or you are a die-hard zombies fan."
,Not Recommended,209650,14304501,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Savvy,"Congratulations Developers you showed us how much you really dont care about the quality of a game on PC vs Console, online multiplayer is completely dead with only TDM and mosh pit barely getting a few games per region, this is partly because you payed little attention to the diffference between gun balance on pc and gun balance on console with player abusing the OVERPOWERED laser and person to person connection left right and center. wHy would you ask 60$ for a game that is going to leave you swearing with frustration unless you abuse gun balance youself?"
76561197989096039,Recommended,209650,14305722,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Just The Tip,"WAY better than the horribly disappointing COD: Ghosts, if nothing else for the dramatically different (something you don't see often in Call of Duty) exo system. Strafing has never been more fun. However, it still has the same old feel for the most part, and weapons could use some balancing. For example, pistols are borderline useless now, and the EM1 is consistently OP (as well as ASM1 currently). As much money as the COD developers make, you would think they would do something about the hackers as well. Yes, every match someone will cry hack, but as a veteran COD player since COD 2, I can definitely tell when someone is using walls, while keeping in mind the upgraded UAV has that ability, but it's a little different when someone can tell where you are from the very first kill. If they can keep the hacks at bay and balance the weapons a little better (PLUS dedicated servers, but that ain't happening :P), this would easily be the best of the best COD IMO."
76561198107568914,Not Recommended,209650,12910886,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Carolos,"First Call of Duty I bought. Totally fell in love with it. Too bad the multiplayer system is down 80% time, but other than that the game is great, combat is fluid and I like the fact that the few matches I've played are fast-paced and straight forward.UPDATEHave been trying to play multiplayer several times a week, but the f***ing servers are always down, and even if I get a match it kicks me out after a few minutes."
,Recommended,209650,13320171,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Dayman(ah-ah-ah),Best cod 10/10
76561197975554561,Recommended,209650,13321434,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,larry_poe,"Great game and you could not have picked a better ""bad guy"" character than Irons played by famed actor Kevin Spacey"
76561198113585114,Recommended,209650,13321872,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ogopogo10,The game is slightly unstable and can lag badly when first joining the game. However it redeems itself in gameplay. The story is a standard COD story with Kevin Spacey.
76561198011978548,Not Recommended,209650,12759614,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,0311 Blurr,"Up date..this game has major issues. connection sucks, fps droppings, and connection!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198061070500,Recommended,209650,13330818,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Eric Cartman,the new features are pretty great though a few issues with some maps but great game some things the same as online goes but newer things came with the introduction of double jump and ground pound.
,Not Recommended,209650,13336052,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Killer84,"I have been having a time lag issue that makes my multiplayer experience rage inducing. What I see on the screen actually occuring a few seconds behind what others are seeing. So I seem to be instantly killed by the enemy as it appears on my screen. When I see the kill cam footage it instead appears to the other player that I am just standing there not reacting to them. So there is an obvious time lag in what I see and what the other player is seeing. My high speed connection, and fast computer are not the issue. Occassionally if it is not occuring It will be a fun game, but then it comes back the next time I play. The time display lag onscreen occurs 90% of the time in multiplayer. Arghhh I will die 14 times in a row without being able to shoot a single enemy player because they see me before I see them on my screen. This ruins the fun and makes me want to uninstall the game. It makes me feel like I am the worst player on the planet, and thats not entertainment. Very disappointed about this since I was looking forward to this game."
,Recommended,209650,13324169,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Joe8BGH,"Real fun online FPS just like other Call of Duty games, and the added exo suit is a plus."
,Recommended,209650,13328216,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,JazuR,A nice game but they should've made a proper esports/competitive side to this game.
76561197996573783,Not Recommended,209650,13202026,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Pieminator,"I really don't know what was I thinking buying this game.After the failure that is COD:Ghosts which nobody bought, I thought that this time the new developers will put effort in this game, basically it's the same old game.Pros (I guees...)- New graphic engine which you barely notice while dodging, running and searching madly after other players.- Exo suit breakes the horizontal gameplay that the COD series stuck to, dodging is also a nice feature.- The game runs smooth even on the highest settings- 13 maps which most of them are okay.- Hightech guns, gadgets, and gear that you can wear kinda varies things up from the previous game.Cons- STILL no Dedicated servers- Mediocre to poor campaign- Co-op is a complete rushed garbage, they've programmed it in 5 minutes.- Speaking of co-op - they will charge money for the zombie dlc, suprised?- The tiring multiplayer gameplay caused by bad game mods gets boring really fast.- Overpowerd guns, Lame killstreaks, most of the exo perks are useless.I kinda regret buying this game, it's shallow, boring, ridiculous and still a lame twich shooter with no depth.If you're searching for a fun, millitary multilplayer game I will recommand getting BF4 instead because it's fixed, works perfectly, offers lot's of contect with the dlc's and overall a way better experience.If you're still into cod I'll just stick to Black Ops 2, just don't buy this game at any cost."
,Recommended,209650,13208094,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wartortlynch,Good!
,Not Recommended,209650,13208109,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,pax,The single player campaign is far too short and repetitive and the multiplayer is not enough to cary this title. Certainly not worth $60.
,Recommended,209650,13249619,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Retribution #116,"I'll give this game a 9/10.-One of the best C.O.D's I've played so far. Yes it has FPS lag on a few maps like Defender or Instict but only for a minute or two,after that the game is fine.-The new Exo-Suits give you to do things that you couldn't have done in the previous C.O.D's.Like for example dont you hate it when you get shot in the back?Well with this COD you just Boost Jump your way out of it!-There is a fair aresenal of weaponry that you can use in the game,with new weapons like the MORS,RW1,HBRA3 ect. with some old classics like the AK12,MP44 GRACH (Pistol),Bulldog etc.-You Can now prestige 15 times not 10!-This game is heeps of fun with some friends in a private,online match,or just on your own playing online!-Storyline is AMAZING!-Bunch of new gamemodes like Uplink,Momentum Etc.-I Really recommend this game!"
76561197991254032,Recommended,209650,13455986,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,(CSCO)[|Ciscos|],I can not enter multiplayer.. always giving server errorrr :/:/
76561198151494956,Not Recommended,209650,13458229,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,joshuawarcraft999,I play it half way my screen turn black
76561197978683109,Recommended,209650,13497230,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Supersquid,"totally worth the money, can play for hours, looking forward to zombie exo dlc"
,Recommended,209650,13444402,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,GreenOutBoy,it seems to me that The CoD franchise has redeemed itself from the massacre ghosts left behind i give this installment /GREAT 8/10servers are pretty broken but the gameplay is new to the franchise and worked out great  soooo.. i would buy when it goes onsale
76561198035768623,Recommended,209650,13444585,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Radtion,"Its a really good game. Its just people really sucks and complain about cheating unfair hacking... Its all the about the skills and teaches you how to adapt to different situations. If nothing goes your way don't have to complain like a 5 year old. They just newly released it so thats why it isn't fully patch yet. SO PLEASE ALL OF YOU COMPLAINERS, PLEASE SHUT YOUR MOUTH AND WAIT FOR THE F****** PATCHES TO COME!!!!SincerelyXxassassinsxX"
,Recommended,209650,13445406,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,㊣ GaoSiNi,Fast pace game but really hard to get killstreaks anymore.
,Not Recommended,209650,13445700,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Potato,you will rage if you buy
,Recommended,209650,13446601,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ult,Bad connection10/10 ign
,Recommended,209650,13835632,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AminOnPC,"This game is really good but the down side to this is that there aren't as much players on pc as there are in consoles. You need to have a NAT type of open to find good games if you don't, go port forward. In general the quality is really good on pc compared to consoles and before you get the game make sure you meet the requirements."
,Recommended,209650,15299818,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gelo,"I highly recommend this game because of its fast pace action shooting. If you're bored of those old plain FPS, well this game is for you.Very competetive FPS."
76561198050271217,Not Recommended,209650,15304888,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,drmadcat,Love the game but always a pain to join in sick and tired of trying to login
,Not Recommended,209650,15308416,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,IWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,0/10 too many nerds
,Not Recommended,209650,12821992,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sarr,FIX THE SERVERS!
,Recommended,209650,13277476,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,johnweythek,"Greatest COG game ON PC since modern warfare. I've only played the campaign but i think it's fantastic. There are too many flamers who shoot down all the cod game but continue to buy them. I was like that with Ghosts, well because that was the worst to come out with modern warfare. But then Kevin Spacey showed up in the trailor and they got me again. I'll just avoid the mess of MP with lag, framerate issues, and I'm SURE hackers. I'll stick to a pretty beautiffuly made campaign and play survival with friends i know and trust. Sure I had to get a new 2011v3 Intel based computer for it to run compared to my old LGA775, but it was time to make that switch anyway. on my old machine i'd get constant errors of running out of memory and losing all my work and cutscenes where only the audio would play and at times i'd get a new frame of SOMETHING going on. Now that i have a decent machine (unlike a lot of the suspected flaming negative commentors) it runs fantastic and plays fantastic. I love the new gizmos and exosuit abilities and weapon designs and a 'see targets through walls' reticle that ACTUALLY works. Great game, just my opinion though."
76561198165724289,Not Recommended,209650,13278212,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[BLACKLIST] action.jackson3791,"Fun, and basically a major deal beaker on Single Player Mode Great Story and an Origin of new hero soldier and hisrise. Is it better than Destiny, and Titan Fall, NO.... But it has it's strengths andweakness. It actually Reminds me of Black Ops 2 mixed with Soldier of Fortune 2 DH. I do not like the Player Matchup, cuz I like to play all the Multiplayer Games...I also wish since we are fighting in the 21st Century, it had Open World Enviroment like Destiny, with Vehicles. A little less Graphic Entense Hardware needed. I would love Mechs or Airships in the Game.Also it's not worth 60 Bucks. Seems to also run smoother on the XBOX instead of PC also...I give it a 8.25 out of 10 B+.....By the way on ARMA 3. I'm getting a DLC copy for Christmas :}"
76561197990089106,Not Recommended,209650,13282906,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,K0bretti,Apesta.
,Recommended,209650,13258651,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,[Whiff] mixer.com/SolidState,Verry fast pased I have this on pc and PS3 and the pc game's are alot faster pased than console as far as i have noticed loot drops are a good adition to the game and im enjoying streaming this game I would recomend any new players to use the practice modes available I wouldnt personaly run straight into multiplayer learn the maps on survival and enjoy the game 4 stars!twitch tv/Solidstate_1
76561198054681753,Recommended,209650,13259662,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,BIGGA,best cod since mw2
76561197980911965,Recommended,209650,13259984,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,EarlWolf,"way better than ghost, they really made a cool game out of the concept"
,Recommended,209650,13368318,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Medium Rare Bread,"It is a very entertaining game. Sledgehammer has done a great job with Advanced Warfare. The campaign is great, So is the graphics.Going into multiplayer, It is still very fun to play even when I am sweating my balls off. But, since online is not dedicated there is so many hackers that ruin the fun out of multiplayer, lag is not much of a problem and can be ignored sometimes but still noticable and annoying (most of it coming from lag-switchers). All of that because it isn't dedicated servers.In conclusion, USE DEDICATED SERVERS! That's it just use dedicated server and everyone will be happyI choose to ignore the faults due to the fact that it is their first ""full on"" game and they have done a good job on the game itself.Good job Sledgehammer Games. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡ °)"
,Recommended,209650,13368517,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,pinkyjohn81,so much fun
76561198068554917,Recommended,209650,13368543,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Pin_Tao,It's a whole new experience. Basically it's awesome.
,Not Recommended,209650,12891653,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,iangn | TaiLopez.com,"After playing for 24 hours, I feel like I can write an honest review:MULTIPLAYER-  SEVERE BAL-ANCING ISSUES:I feel like this game has a lot of hope instilled for it, I didn't play much of Ghosts, but I've heard various bad things to say for it. I feel like this game is entertaining, it's fast paced, and it always has more for you to do. I do not like the spawn systems, I feel like they could be worked better, seeing as how you shouldn't kill somebody and they can respawn within 35m of you. Sure, that does bring them back into the action quicker, but it doesnt give you a chance to reload, or gather your bearings.BALANCE THE BAL-27, its almost like you hinted it needed a balance 27 times.BALANCE THE AKIMBO SMGS, Akimbo is supposed to deny accuracy with bullets. Not encourage you to attach two items to it and make it as if you are wielding two lazer guns.BALANCE THE GUNS THAT HAVE LIMITED USE, there is a reason they are not being used, and this is because any other gun that tries to compete with it, merely lacks the damage, and cannot fight it. The M14 should win a combat at distant range, VS. an AK, ESPECIALY if the MK gets the first shot of, and pumps 3 bullets in the chest vicinity. Honestly MW2 was more balanced because it took 3-4 bullets from every gun to kill somebody. Its the complexity of, if everything does the same damage, then it is balanced. Which is true by definition of balance. Not 1 gun dominates the very limited selection.CAMPAIGN- I RECOMMEND FOR THE CAMPAIGN NOW, AND THAT IS IT.The campaign is fun, it has a great story, and I will be further beating it on Veteran difficulty, as well as getting all the achievements, I feel like there isnt much you should do for the campaign, seeing as how, I personally, think it's fine.MULTIPLAYER AND GUNS -The multiplayer does need some work, it needs balancing on some of the guns. I feel like the game is ruled by rifles, and lazer guns, and I do not see as many shotgunners, or the semi-auto snipers as  in many other CODs. Scratch buffing SMGS, akimbo makes them OP, a major nerf dealt to the BAL-27, a nerf to the tracking ability on PC for the EM1 and it's variants, and as for the sub machine guns, balance it properly. We dont want a repeat of the AK-74U as in Black Ops, that was ridiculous and unjust.MAPS -The maps are okay, however, I feel like spawns need to be altered A LOT. Objectives should be placed a little more out of the way, even if they are, you do need to account for the fact that the EXO system is now in play. Which I love the EXO system, it is fun, and it adds a whole new system to be explored in COD. Also, in later maps in expansions try to add greater distance to the maps, I want to be able to explore, to roam, to actually snipe from a true ""longshot"" distance. Now that you have the EXO system, you need to expand on your boundaries, not keep them limited as COD always has.FINALIZE-Other than that I do reccomend this game, my complaints are not geared towards the community or the players, more to the developers that I feel could be trying a little bit harder to accomodate to the potential that this game has to offer."
76561198091243202,Recommended,209650,13366627,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,WackerWetNaps,i like it. dunno about you the only♥♥♥♥♥♥thing is there arent any dedicated servers. hald the gamemodes you cant even play cause there arent any servers available
,Not Recommended,209650,13284959,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,R4pperZ,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, runs bad, is bad, I feel bad."
76561198121605002,Recommended,209650,13286179,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Jewish Overlord,"Awesome Campaign, it makes me want to re-do it... twice."
76561197961081688,Not Recommended,209650,13270810,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Panzur,In my personal opinion this is probably the worst COD that they have released.  Its just not fun.  Could be that I am not the biggest fan of sci-fi/futuristic type weapons but this just didn't seem like a fun game to me.
,Recommended,209650,13271093,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Pro Built Systems,First one in a long time that i can have fun playing!
,Not Recommended,209650,13275008,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mystletainn,"One thing about this game: It won't run on my PC. The reason why it's saying I've actually played the game is all the time I've been waiting for it to load. I used Razer Game Booster, and it still doesn't work. As soon as I click on find game, it crashes. Don't buy it unless you have a dedicated, overpriced PC."
,Not Recommended,209650,15126110,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Flying Narwhal,"It seems that unless you queue up for standard mosh pit, there is never any available game to join.  I feel like I'm missing out on 80% of the game unless I play with bots.  This game is seriously lacking in players, or their server search system is ridiculously bad.That said, when I do get to join, I love it.  New graphics, gameplay, weapons are good and EXO suits are a great new dimension to the game.  It might be the first CoD game I don't feel is just a reskin of the older ones.Edit #1:  DLC map integration is also terrible.  It's splitting an already apparently small player pool."
,Recommended,209650,15127736,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,TornFall,I recommend anybody to this game that likes the call of duty franchise great guns amazing graphics and gameplay. the exo suit is an amazing game changer that alot of people love. the campaign is great the multiplayer is great but the only few cons i have about this game is the connections to some of the maps like defender and the connection trying to get into advanced warfare servers. sometimes it lets me in sometimes it doesnt it depends on sledgehammers server connections also the ping isnt accurate sometimes it will say i have the best connections but then ill loose connection to the game or have the game freeze other wise its a great game and i cant wait till the dlc pack ascendance comes out on PC
,Recommended,209650,15115634,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Koky179,what happened with crossbow u get when u pre purchase?i had it and now i dont???
,Recommended,209650,15131177,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ChitanKage,its a really great game and if your a call of duty fan you should get it
76561198053340155,Not Recommended,209650,15192009,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bakersilmon07,Laggy like there is no tomarrow.. and you cant see infront of you if you have a bright light blinding you for eternity if you are behind him or her.. gun's do the same as well after you die...slow for mile's and not good at all but the game it self is good but make it better and playable for the pc please.
,Not Recommended,209650,15194012,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,BLEEDBLUE,Since the latest patch my fps isnt consistint and i get alot of lag spikes.
76561198101221970,Not Recommended,209650,15195026,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Parker,i saw that you get zombies finally 2 months after xbox and then you have to pay to play it. why the hell would i do that? they have gotten real cocky bout dlc content and making people pay for them.
76561198067251700,Not Recommended,209650,15187743,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Danny Fenton,"I played this COD this most, it needs dedicated servers to be enjoyable. The P2P host stuff is irritating and makes the game very unenjoyable.Bring dedicated servers in and I will play.6/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,15188692,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Jesse Whiteman,3/10 worked for a week stopped working suddenly have scoured forums for an answer to the cant connect to online services problem and emailed steam support 3 times over the last 4 months worst service I have ever experienced. worked for 10 minutes today after an update then stopped working again this afternoon im fed up I hope if you purchase this game you dont have to waste your money to not play a game when the problem seems so simple ye no oine can figure it out.
,Recommended,209650,15188280,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Muffin,This game gets a lot of hate on PC.  Its a fun game regardless of the nitpicking i see from fellow PC players.  Ive always had a nostalgia feel for call of duty.  Ghosts was a letdown but Advanced Warfare is a vast improvement.  I enjoy the game.
,Not Recommended,209650,15195726,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aleks™,This is a message to sledgehammer doubt they will ever see this but recently the update for the ohm came out and ever since then my fps dropped it cant get over 50 when i used to get ninety because thats wht the game is capped at ( multplayer at least ) but this is really sad and dumb because i am unable to play it anymore.BuildGTX 750ti 2gbamd athlon8gb of ramAnd another thing i didnt have everything on max either
76561198021706133,Recommended,209650,14951105,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,howitzer,i really like the game and they put hard work but for me its very lagy and needs lots of ram
,Not Recommended,209650,14953805,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,jpcleve76,"I spent $100.00 and every time I log on to play (ONLINE) multiplayer, zombies,  I gets NADDA!"
76561198128880845,Not Recommended,209650,14953956,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sandcloud,Service is never available paid game and bought maps for not reason waste of money dont buy....
,Recommended,209650,14954437,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,>}T1F{< SkinnySpike,"Excellent FPS with the typical issues of any large scale FPS. Graphics are solid, game play is varied, and packed with usual small COD maps. Great game when you group up and have good communication.Biggest issue - no dedicated servers for PC gamers. We are forced to use P2P as if we were console gamers - makes it difficult to control game style."
76561198016310406,Not Recommended,209650,14925815,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kuya Ninja,"Pure and simple, the lack of dedicated servers makes this game and it's game modes ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Can't stay on a pick up group for EXO Zombies because I am connected to Mr. Eastern Europe. And in Multiplayer, bullets LOOK like they are going through walls only to find out that my connection is not in sync with said Mr. Eastern Europes connection to his computer. Meaning, while it looks like I am inside behind walls, in reality, I was hit 1-3 second ago because of the lag.Buy some dedicated servers, you greedy ♥♥♥♥s.♥♥♥♥ YOU, Activision.Update: 03/18/15Going onto the forums and Community, I see a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥ing about no dedicated servers. Also, a lot of what looks to be Russian/eastern European langauges...which is fine...What's NOT fine is that I am always connecting to their server...because, you know, ""finding best server"" is halfway across the world...I can't play this game...I get kicked out of a game because ""Lost connectivity to host"" on NUMEROUS occasions. I have up to a 40mbs DSL download cause I can't stand Cable...I lag through EXO Zombies...it's just ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. ♥♥♥♥ING HORRIBLE!"
,Not Recommended,209650,14956150,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Jeggo,"Issues connecting almost everytime I try and play, and when I do get the chance to play there is almost no one to play with. The guns are subpar with many that are BS, the maps are meh, and there is a limited inventory system that is annoying to empty (for customizable things which are basically cosmetic but are nice).I was a fool and spent too much money on the preorder as I missed playing MW and MW2. This is not good, please don't waste your money.... which is ironic because that would exacerbate the problem of people not playing, but I'd rather not have other people wasting their money on a game which there will be a new one out too soon to further fragment the community."
,Recommended,209650,14900115,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,z9ppie.exe,It's a good game! :D
76561198128353688,Recommended,209650,14900929,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,weeb,the game never works because it always say's connection lost so i can never play eny of the matches
,Not Recommended,209650,14901583,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,CorTex,So ein Schwachsinn das man in einem Call of Duty mit Exo Rumsringen kann und sich unsichtbar usw machen kann. Einfach nur schlecht das Spiel...
76561198075890956,Not Recommended,209650,13251336,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ocelot,"The game itself's not bad, but it's full of hackers compare to the previous CODs. Activision just doesn't care."
,Recommended,209650,13243885,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,qg,MITCHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
,Recommended,209650,13300222,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Magickal,"Takes up way too much of my time, despite its flaws. 8/10."
76561198144309128,Recommended,209650,13035906,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,avenger465,"amazing. good, smooth gameplay. one of thebest call of duty in a while since modern warfare 2"
,Recommended,209650,13035976,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,itsagaaddamgatafight,"I have had none of the issues many of the people posting negative reviews. I have not seen any cheaters, I have had very few lag momments and they were a quick spot and went away rapidly. This is the first COD game I ever bothered with so I am far from a Fan boy. I have had fun with the game so far and personally thats all that really matters. Don't get talked out of fun by people who just dislike a franchise no matter what, and don't be talked into something thats not for you by a fanboy. Do some research watch some gameplay vids and ask yourself would I like that and how long could I see playing it. money to fun ratio is all you need."
76561198149416671,Recommended,209650,12990070,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Deth,"The multiplayer side of this game is fun for short burst at a time. There are times where it will seem like you are never going to find a game, other then that it is fun.I wish I could try the campain out tho, after multiple times of unistalling everything I still get a crash to desktop on the very first mission"
76561198076874378,Recommended,209650,12992598,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Captain Yoo,"Love the single player mode. Only thing was that the storyline is quite short, finished playing in a matter of hours."
76561198132777958,Recommended,209650,12993539,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,The Delmeister,"Okay guys here is my review, I havent been intrested in COD since i felt black ops 2 was a massive letdown and i have never touched the modern warfare's. That being said, i feel that advanced warfare is a very nice game, the campaign had a good story, the multiplayer is ridiculously fun but somewhat laggy in open areas and the survival mode has a very nice easter egg for the good old fans of nazi zombies with promise that a full zombies mode is on its way.62/69"
,Recommended,209650,12994285,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SilvRav,Freaking awesome!
76561198064365081,Recommended,209650,12994381,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,PopPyZaa555,single play is the best way of COD
76561197997642972,Recommended,209650,12997260,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Unyalimon,"Big improvement from Ghosts on a number of levels.  I love the 3D movement and the rocket boost is much more fun than I thought it would be.  The maps are extraordinary and many of the occlusion problems from Ghosts are gone.I've only played 36+ hours, and tend to play in Multiplayer mode with a friend or two, fighting against computer bots.  They've softened the regular mode enemy a bit making it more realistic than in Ghosts.  The weapons overall have improved a great deal, but there's still one thing that is incredibly annoying:  when fighting computer bots, they have an uncanny ability to spawn directly behind me and shoot me in the back.  Over and over and over.  It gets really boring in that sense.They should consider not just a spawn delay, but a 3-second spawn window where the person spawning cannot be killed, and cannot kill.  Either that, or fix the spawn code to not cheat so much.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game.  The action play is very good and the maps are incredible as are special effects and particularly the sounds.But what I really want is co-op missions, much like campaign mode, where a couple friends can play while working with the friendly bots to achieve a mission, not just run around shooting people.  There are a few flaws with bot logic, but overall it's not too bad.  Oh, and knifing improved dramatically, most likely due to the exo-skeleton capabilities.Invisible mode is nice, although it doesn't last long.  Still, I love this game."
76561198034252234,Recommended,209650,12939873,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Y4UKICKMYDOG,"Told myself that I would not buy this after feeling  let down by Ghosts. However, I bought it on release day and have not looked back! The game is very good with some wacky akimbo weapons that can boost your kill death ratio ratio pretty quickly ( for a useless player like me)! The physics are good and at the moment I can't fault it. Since BF4 has been broken since the July update, I expect that I will be playing this quite a bit in the coming months!"
,Recommended,209650,13008546,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Brent,"The campaign mode has been amazing and goes beyond what I expected from a first-person shooter. They take it from being the usual country vs country kind of war and turn it into a massive corporate giant with their own army taking control of security across the globe. I have to admit, the campaign was shorter than I wanted but the multiplayer does make up for it. If you like first-person shooters, I definitely recommend this game. It's unlike any previous Call of Duty, and should redeem Activision's respect for the same predictable shooter."
76561198129307306,Recommended,209650,12815571,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Have Faith Doe,No problems
,Recommended,209650,12812331,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"EDIT:  Yeah, sorry, guys.  I'm changing it.  Multiplayer's a blast and a half.  Tight controls, nothing terribly noob-ish, skill reigns (usually), and runs very smoothly.Single-player thoughts. (yeah, I know, no one plays this for Campaign....)Pros:+ Kevin %#$@in' Spacey.+ An intelligent take on near-future sci-fi shooters.+ Gorgeous character models.+ Exo abilities function well, if not intuitively.Cons:- Not enough music.  Soundtrack isn't used often in-game, leaving your ears wanting more sounds.- Foley is all sorts of weird in this game.  For example, your footsteps are not in sync with your weapon sway.  At all.- Loading times let you do parametric differential equations in between missions.- Can't access Options from home screen. (?!?)- Dialogue is terribad.  Oddly-placed exposition leaves you scratching your head at script writer more than plot progression.- A Russian is the bad guy?  Again?!- Personal preference, but this setting just doesn't feel very engaging.  Modern Warfare had some relatable grit; AW lacks the solid hook that only Infinity Ward knows how to utilize effectively.- And most importantly, no Steam trading cards as of yet.0.8/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,14650230,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SPITFINGERS,"Probably one of the most frustrating things ive ever downloaded. no games to play, people are cheating, using exploits, and activision doesnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥to improve this. them and steam couldnt even fix the issues i was having with the game other than the game play. STAY AWAY from this title."
,Recommended,209650,14650916,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ViViD_SHaGGy,i would definately play it over and over for the rest of my life oviously with new maps though coming out constantly
,Recommended,209650,14653282,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Trash Man [TBC],Good game. never knew so many 12 year olds have had sex with my mumHowever the lack of 1v1's on Rust is disappointing....7/10 - Needs more 420
,Recommended,209650,14658211,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,GamerBoy97,good CoD!
,Not Recommended,209650,14714524,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,KeeGeeBee,"boy is this game fun! from crashing every ingame cutscene, you know the kind where your camera is locked, and the other normal cutscenes being horribly jittery and unskipable, I would definetly recommend this game. to be honest, the combat is okay and the new guns and attachments are cool, but the cutscenes, the fact that the people's eyes in the cutscenes are F***ING FLOODLIGHTS THAT BLIND YOU and it always lagging and crashing IN SINGLE PLAYER, I wouldn't recomend it. also there's the fact that when you adjust the graphics settings it exits the game, and when you go to verify game data, there's nothing missing or wrong, then I would definetly say this was a waste of 80 dollars. and I got it on sale too."
,Recommended,209650,14716392,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TFG Rob Boss,"Great story line, beautiful graphics. Online mode gets boring after a while thanks in large part to aim bots and hacking, but is still fun for about 40 hrs."
76561197993552892,Recommended,209650,14717215,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ten24-Major Pain,"I like the game overall, but sometimes maps do not load or it takes a very long time to load."
76561198113656902,Not Recommended,209650,14718403,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Pride,I'm having so many problems with this game i cant rate it anything higher than a 3/10.. every time i try and play my game crashes... not fun!
76561198051700779,Not Recommended,209650,14718791,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,slayer of oz,I would love to play more than a few secons of it before it shuts it self down
76561198103335038,Recommended,209650,14719082,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Banter Boy,so much money
76561198003529137,Not Recommended,209650,14721702,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,DeathInFire,"Liked it at first but not even four months later barley anyone play's it. Most that do mostly play team deathmatch and nothing else. Really wish I didn't waste my money on the season pass, it was the first one I have ever bought too. I may or may not buy the next cod. I've liked every treyarch title since WAW so if they don't fail on there next cod I might just buy there's and not bother with infinity ward or sledghammer titles."
,Not Recommended,209650,14721710,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,asmoK,its lagging out like hell! Worse than in the first few weeks
76561198015647494,Not Recommended,209650,14750879,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,(FU)CRAB,"bad spawns bad lag a bad game, for once try to get it wright for pc, you develope the game on a pc not on a console????"
76561198018606886,Recommended,209650,14753379,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mr. Wasabi,"-Core gameplay is decent-I don't bother with the exo-ability( I don't feel like it's needed.  Killstreaks should suffice imo)-The servers are a bust.  When there are games to be found, it's usually only 2 or 3-PLENTY of weapons and weapon subtypesWould recommend despite the cons :D"
,Not Recommended,209650,14126861,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Adolf Shrekler,"game is unplayable i got cpu fx8350, 8gb of ram, and a gtx 970 no reason i should only be getting  a max of 15 fps"
76561198018913927,Not Recommended,209650,14113561,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,A Guy With Stuff,"Honestly, the online aspect has become pretty stupid. After a few weeks everyone finds the best guns and spams those. I've never seen such terrible lag before in my life & while I could go on and on about all the r3t4rded deaths I've endured that won't really solve anything.Now that people know every map properly its ridiculous how quickly you can sprint around them, jumping over certain buildings or walls. I swear to god it seems like every game I join theres 10 people on the other team and all of them are behind me, always. Any time I try to avoid this by joining classic, I either wait 45 minutes for a game to no avail or find 3 hackers spamming a lobby.The only redeeming part of this game IMHO would be the exo survival mode. The bots use a variety of guns and it seems like they don't have the ability to over-use the exo suits like every goof with a rushing class in the online game types. It's like theres 6 people on each team running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Tactics? Where? I can't see them anywhere. It's sad to even consider this a war game. This is just Loadout with worse lag.Campaign 4.5/10  (Biased because of the fact that I gave up waiting 30 minutes for loading screens and didn't finish)Online 2/10   (None of the maps seem to flow properly, I always seem to be coliding with people at strange times and I find a lot of the maps literally force you to constantly sprint in a circle)Exo-Survival 8/10 (Literally the only reason I'll keep this game installed, the rest is ♥♥♥♥ing r3t4rded)"
76561198066521795,Recommended,209650,14146980,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Silvak,its cool
,Recommended,209650,14322662,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,🐺Black Wolf🐺,guys do thet we can send one fo other items it will be priti coolcouse some tim we get items thet we have and we dont want to sell themlike elite itimso pls do thet we can sent to other itims
76561197972837674,Not Recommended,209650,16122458,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,iron_fist_monkey_killer,good game but no one plays anything but team death match......save your money for a game people actually play. the single player is garbage as well so that isnt going to help make this worth it.
,Not Recommended,209650,16249619,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,kill my ass,no
76561198020815160,Not Recommended,209650,16290239,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Road to 3125,"Id like to start from idea that im HUGE FAN of COD series.I love this series, its unique.BUT AW is piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥No it piece of ♥♥♥♥♥iest♥♥♥♥♥♥that was pooped of the most ugliest ever you could ever imagine. I dont see this kind of graphic that you will masturbate on. I dont see optimization .I see only cool and trendy idea of exos and COD style games.AND MONEY! Like maywether .Adwanced MONEY warfare. please make next game better or like MW2 .If you are not able to do this go ♥♥♥♥ yourself and stop sucking OCEANS of money from players. 2\10"
,Recommended,209650,16294797,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Xiandrios,"This game is pretty good if you are a big Call of Duty fan.Pros:-> Exo Suits that enable you to jump higher and get a dash boost. Which bring a bit more fast past in the games.-> Good Graphics-> Gameplay is smooth-> Customization of Multiplayer CharacterCons:-> Copy, Past from all the other Call of duty.-> No Dedicated Servers (Always getting some lagging Host.)Conclusion :The game feels good, runs well but i feel like i'm playing call of duty Ghost with just an little upgrade of graphics. A few tweaks on the gameplay tho with the exo suits.Worth to play but not at full price not worth 60$, if you already played one call of duty, you have played them all. I would suggest buying it for something around 20$ or 25$"
,Not Recommended,209650,16474617,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Peenyy,THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥
76561198138888318,Recommended,209650,14841974,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,darkool,"After ghost i thought cod were dead,aw proof me i worng. The story is amazing,and the multiplayer is Incredible. Bouth it for 40$,but this game worth 60$"
,Not Recommended,209650,13118069,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Przm ><>,"CoD community is aids but the game is good. if you have the pc to run this game definitely get it, but be warned, this game is full of the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the whole pc community.-editGame is bad dont buy"
76561198079405437,Not Recommended,209650,14718507,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,EMO_ANNIHILATOR,cod: here lil lil steam playersteam player: no! stay away!cod: we have dedicated servers..steam player: really? oh okay ill come back.cod: JK ♥♥♥♥ YOU AND BRING ME THAT♥♥♥♥♥steam player: AHHHH! ♥♥♥♥! HEEELP!
,Not Recommended,209650,14041046,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ÞśýçhÖ ďÀď,"Single player game is a good creation, but is too annoying with the video clips you cannot skip and annoying bots that get in the way for your forward progress, it is also very short in length."
76561198151596789,Not Recommended,209650,14041898,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Natvis,Thing is Every Time i play No one is on. The only reason i bought this game on the pc is because i suck at xbox.Im very good at pc But there is no lobby's on any of the game modes. The online multiplayer has no lobby's with anyone anywhere but i see all these other people play online on pc and have people on. I dont know if they are just hiding in a certain gamemode or just maybe all on other cod's but there is no one playing. And to sum it up i will not recomend this game ON PC THOUGH xbo is great just that it was a waste of my money because no one plays. Well There you go :/
,Not Recommended,209650,14043766,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sparticilus,"----- Warning, this review is mostly for Oceanic Players (NZ/Aus) -----115 Hours of total gameplay and almost 3 days worth of in-game multiplayer combat registered.1. Still no dedicated servers for Oceanic side (Nz/Aus) = LAG LAG GLITCH LAG and alot of ""what the hell is going on"".2. Hackers are becoming over-populated, not even sure if anyone is doing anything about it. In every game lobby at least 1 hacker can be spotted, either subtle or obvious there shouldn't be any sort of hackers in such a notorious franchise and hence I am very disappointed.3. There's such a thing as item limit? For a game that requires such a bulk payment, I didn't expect to have to keep clearing out items every time I open another supply drop, not good enough Activision.4. Weapons are not balanced! I repeat WEAPONS ARE NOT BALANCED. E.G. New weapon just came out AE4, people with DLC had access to it, and by far from what I've seen, it is the least effective Assault Rifle. I understand that they are trying their best not to make this game look like a p2w (pay to win) but it seems that they reached the other scale of p2L (pay to lose). Another weapon that caught many of the players and my attention is the EM1 Lazer gun, it is by far the most OP (Overpowered), annoying and skill-less weapon in the game followed by SAC-3, which is an akimbo SMG.5. Lastly but not the least, and this is not because of the game this is just a warning for my fellow players in NZ/Aus regions. It's a ghost town! Only playable modes are TDM and Mosh Pit, Why? Simple, the playerbase is so low that the only way we can find a game is via piling up on one or two modes to ensure that we find a game ASAP. Hence if you are from Oceanic servers, you'll find that very annoying when you find a hacker in one mode and decide to go to the other only to find another hacker there. Oh and I nearly forgot, if you leave a match from one mode and try to rejoin that mode again, you'll most likely end up in the same bloody match.Sorry for the long post but I hope it helped."
76561198089768041,Not Recommended,209650,14044094,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,AARON HERNANDEZ,"crappiest  port ever, dont waste your money"
76561198135630968,Not Recommended,209650,14045123,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Illexion,When i got this game i thought it would be somewhat good but when i play multiplayer its like something murdered my graphics card and all the textures  are super low res The matches always lag and in singleplayer when i mess with the video settings the game crashes i dont recomend this game to anyone unless you have the beefiest of computers
,Recommended,209650,14045219,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,spEnzEr,good
76561198033253175,Not Recommended,209650,14046523,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FacelessVoid,"This game should change its name..Game Lobby Simulator 2014 - I've wasted more time in lobbies then playing the actual game.Even when the game loads - it either disconnects, hangs at ""waiting for players"", or puts me in a Russian Server with teleporting players. Totally unplayable. I'm from Asia.The amount of hackers are often being denied. I wonder how many actually took time to look at the killcam? Without UAV, Exo Ping and I've equipped with all the anti detect perks and suppression, the enemy still manages to track my movements behind walls. Was there an x-ray perk i didnt know of?I skipped from COD:Black Ops 1 to this and the nightmares is starting to come back.I would trade it of for other older game if anyone wants it.Definitely a no-go again...."
,Recommended,209650,14046621,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ChiKa^,10/10 For Kevin
76561198065034172,Recommended,209650,14046965,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ilfonce,Very nice to play. Needs a beefier computer to run at higher graphics settings
76561198017362921,Recommended,209650,15044449,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,JackRyan,great game... as long as you can keep the lag from happening
76561197974818271,Recommended,209650,15052086,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,EfiLtem,The overall game is fun to play but the company needs to fix some issue with certain maps and it would be great to have decidated services.  Thinking with decidated servers there would be more players
76561198040219008,Recommended,209650,14354576,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JeansWang,"The patches helped it out alot so its good, the only problem is stil no dedicated servers :/"
76561198057095799,Recommended,209650,15052933,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Huge Big Al,"People really under estimate Call of Duty on PC now, but I think Advanced Warfare has really made it work. Ghosts was just terrible on PC (and partially on console imo) but AW has really stepped it up especially with the first DLC being out! EXO Zombies is perfect and really picked the game up!"
76561198155288901,Recommended,209650,13110451,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[DS1] Sniper [OVERDRILL],"Nope. Nope. Kinda good, but then♥♥♥♥♥♥Mostly reccomended for:-Gameplay-New additions (Exo Suits, new DLCs)-Rage.Stay away from this game if you don't like:Unnerfed guns. Yeaaaah. (XMG Lockdown Mode)Upcoming new DLC weapon. (Shotgun and LMG mode. OP as♥♥♥♥♥♥)People only playing TDM.Overall, 5/10."
,Recommended,209650,15062837,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,RichHomieGuan,10/10 great game for campers
76561198066822723,Not Recommended,209650,14873401,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lube and a Dildo,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is seriously flawed. Either there is a massive glitch or just a very small amount of people play it, resulting in the only available game types to be Mosh Pit, TDM, and Domination. At least, those are all that I have been able to play because there are no available lobbies for any others. So, you are really only getting about a tenth of what you pay for in terms of multiplayer. I suggest you wait until this glitch has been resolved and you can play more than just a few game types. Also, Domination is only available if you're lucky. There are usually only about 5 games each of TDM and Mosh Pit and the occasional Domination lobby. So, as stated before, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME(unless you are not looking to enjoy exploring the extent of the multiplayer or enjoy wasting your money)."
,Recommended,209650,14920502,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,MeowMeow,"Thank god they got good sniper riffles in this game, big sniper fan. I'm really glad its balanced and its nothing like ghost.The custimazation is really handy as lots of outfits.Some stuff id like add would be lots of phyX particles for some eye candy.game is really fun"
,Recommended,209650,14924288,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Frothy Palms,"Call of Kevin Spacey is the best Kevin Spacey to have ever Kevin Spaceyed.Pros:- Kevin SpaceyCons:- Sometimes there isn't Kevin Spacey :(""Like Call of Duty with Kevin Spacey"" - Kevin SpaceyKevin Spacey/10"
76561198074188314,Not Recommended,209650,15063970,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Timbo Slice,"Consistent connectivity isssues and the game is by new means brand new. The game is unplayable for many and at this point they probably won't be doing anything about, enjoy my 70 bucks activision, I won't be making the mistake of buying one of your games again."
,Recommended,209650,15064115,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Wednesday 13 RIP,"Good CoD, not as good as BO2, but better than Ghosts...  Many users still experience display driver crashes on high-end NVIDIA cards however, and the first DLC release was disappointing in terms of the maps..."
,Recommended,209650,15065246,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,CSGOATSE.COM Society.gg,Im so mlg i 260 noscoped some fool.I r8 8/8 m8
76561198145749439,Recommended,209650,15069035,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,PizzaRollProgrammer,This is the best game i have played in a long time. you need a VERY BEEFY PC if not DO NOT BUY. the dlc is very expensive too. The best part of the game is multiplayer mode i think it is great
76561197984851508,Recommended,209650,15070410,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Y`not,"How to review this game? To start off Kudos go out for the graphics very nice. And thats about as far as I go.There are so many issues that its hard to say yes buy it for sure. I bought it on sale, bought the dlc for zombies, and still have mixed feelings. Not cross platform, multiplayer has issues connecting and WHEN you can't connect you only have the ability to play the campaign. We should have zombies single player offline as well. The maps need some updating with some areas getting stuck easily, and not enough people playing the game on PC so you get 1-2 matches of hardcore, no gun game, and everyone is either in mosh pit or TDM.There are some people that love having the host ability because they lag the rest of the users out. This is not a major steam issue, it is ACTIVISONS faut on how the servers are set up. Stop using host, and if were going to use host make it cross platform, give us a player count in the game types so we know what we can play at any given time.Also watch out for the guys that play too damn much, have most of the elite guns, laser or just nade your♥♥♥♥♥all day long. Still decent to play I won't give up hope that something will be fixed. But if the next DLC comes out and maps are not intergrated with the normal rotations then I may have an issue with any activision game release and not trust it, just how I don't trust any of the AC games anymore.I am only recommending this game because it still has some entertaining value in the zombie map. Please help us out and give us a SECOND map already were dying here."
,Not Recommended,209650,15079853,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Blind,"i cant join multiplayer, it just say cant connect too service... i only chold join the first week... cant fighure how to fix the peoblem..."
,Recommended,209650,15084452,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AquaticGolem,Good game.
76561198010503036,Not Recommended,209650,15084718,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hadies,overal unstable and every palyer should get some refund back
,Recommended,209650,15085677,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Rei delas,cod aw um dos melhores cods que eu já jogem muito bom esse jogo recomendo para todos
76561198073697069,Not Recommended,209650,15085930,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Corey,"When you pay 70 bucks for a game, you expect it to work. Unfortunately this pile of steaming dog♥♥♥♥♥♥does not. Fix your god damn servers."
76561198123027356,Recommended,209650,15085969,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,WeeeeWuu,Better than Ghosts
76561198101640487,Recommended,209650,14279519,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jetz xLife,some things are messed up as far as playing on pc goes but all in all pretty fun game. they need to figure out how to make it easier to navigate things around the game as far as zombies and everything goes.
76561198121259523,Recommended,209650,14279767,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,reevesr40,"Although there is plenty of negative reviews around this game I can still say I thoroughly enjoy it.Pros- Exo abilities, more customizable classes, surprisingly good graphics, updated double xp systemNeutral- Harder to maintain larger scorestreaks (perhaps due to everyone using their exo abilities to fly all over the map, or maybe because it's simply plays different than others..I'm not sure).Cons- The servers (being COD it's expected I guess), certain multiplayer maps crash often *cough* Defender *cough*"
,Recommended,209650,14199663,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[uDi] FireMelon,needed my CoD fix
76561198101741798,Not Recommended,209650,14271706,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SturmgewehrSTG,"Lots of LAG issues. Unable to connect to server errors alot :( I am on a FIBER 1G LINE !!!! from CenturyLink. I am running an i5 Gamer CPU, 32GB RAM, Soild State Drive, and 2 (Yes Dual Video Cards) Asus Radeon 290X 4GB Video Cards (thats 8GBs for video)! plus I have turned down all the graphic settings AND STILL LAG ISSUES!!!"
,Not Recommended,209650,14272091,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Creepy Fish (R.I.P Hugh),And this is why i im sticking with battlefield.
,Recommended,209650,14248380,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Subway Man 🗿,ya its alright for a cod game
76561198046300255,Recommended,209650,14250234,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,NoReason,played the game over and over. I like it. There is some lag on some maps but only for the like the first minute. The game is great. I think the reason why people chose not to buy the game was because of the mixed reviews. Yes this game is another call of duty game with the ability of the exo suit. But i like it this way. Its fun. I definetly recommend it.
76561198033190298,Recommended,209650,14207835,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,(SDAV) Hank,Would be great if I could log in to the server....
,Recommended,209650,14189066,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,IrontrooperZK,Mt. Dew and Doritos
,Recommended,209650,14194968,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ljy2549858643,"awesome game with all kinds of new guns, lovin it"
76561198015574457,Recommended,209650,14195363,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Post,HOW DO U GET THE FLAG EXO SUIT
76561198129140401,Not Recommended,209650,14165060,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,docpans,so horrible cant play online anything says they are down more than they are up!!!!!
,Recommended,209650,13957945,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dilophosaurus Dan,"The Call of Duty series as a whole has had good and bad games and this fall under the catagory of good games. I say so becuase of the new movement tecniques, the exo suit always for you to win gunfights by jumping higher or dodgeing you enimies outright. Second I like to point out that they have brought back 3 weapons featured in older games, becuase the game is in a entirely different future they can throw in any new type of weapon they like(20mm canon sniper rifle, laser guns) The only problem I've had so far is exteme lag by my internet isnt that good so I cant't blame them. Overall I'd say this is the game that the series needs to get it back on track"
,Recommended,209650,13958825,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[Vol] feral_wabbit,"Best COD SP in years, I don't play a lot of COD MP so I can't really speak to that."
76561198035352199,Not Recommended,209650,13456781,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kek,refund?
76561198078057037,Recommended,209650,13970535,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,D3@D SQUiRREL,its the bomb
,Recommended,209650,13971485,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,i-Rottie©,I paid for the Season Pass but I still do not see theAE4 I was promised.
76561198120430474,Recommended,209650,13374877,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,tripping but not slipping,best game ever 10 out of 10
,Recommended,209650,13377704,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,sevredox,"I have only been playing this game for a few days, but so far this game has exceeded my expectations. I think anyone who was a fan of quake2/quake3 back in the day should give this a go. This is the kind of MP experience I was really hoping for but didn't get from Titanfall when it came out. And I am also happy with how optimized it is for PC (compared to Ghosts). The SP is also a lot of fun for what it is. I mean, so far it is a linear FPS with a fairly predictable plot. I haven't finished it yet, but I'm enjoying it every bit as much as any other COD game I've ever played. Also, for anyone trying to do the Steam Box / HTPC thing, this game has fully controller support with Aim assist and everything. Take this review with a grain of salt if you want. I am one of the few people who actually really liked Ghosts, but I refused to write a positive review for it because I felt like PC gamers really got the shaft on that release. But with AW, I get the impression that they really put some effort into the PC version."
,Recommended,209650,13379501,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,LevL7DungElf,"There are moments which mark your life.Moments when you realize nothing will ever be the sameand time is divided into two parts, before this and after this.Put down the magic sword and spellbook, stop killing boars in the Elwin Forest.Put down the Pocket Infinity Fusion Rifle and see what an Exo suit can do for you.Put on your big boy underwear and let the soldier inside of you out to experience some awesomeness.Don't be scared Homies."
76561197971000709,Not Recommended,209650,13379742,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,a300zman,"Worst game ever - crash after crash after, oh wait - now it won't even play...it starts but no video.  Glad to have paid for someone at Activision to go on vacation."
,Not Recommended,209650,13355475,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Molowa Keiki,"Overhyped. Phenominal graphics, mediocre gameplay. Doesn't feel any different than the previous COD games."
,Recommended,209650,13415263,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Shademourne,"It's what you expect from a Call of Duty, the Multiplayer isn't too imbalanced either. But if we had dedicated servers.."
,Not Recommended,209650,13415366,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,THESUPERCHRIS,"not optimized well at all, that alone causes the most frustration, along with a very small player base, you can only really play tdm and domination, and only domination depending on where you live in the world. No dedicated servers makes the player base problem that much more so because you will get great hit detection on some people, and on other people absolutely nothing happens when you fire at them."
,Recommended,209650,13415800,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,iTsDaZzle,in this begin of aw  always  laggs  plzz can you fix this lagg guys
76561197971451785,Recommended,209650,13415816,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,->EPC<-^5Smoggster,good game would be better with dedi servers as the lying♥♥♥♥♥♥of a ceo told us the game would be released with dedi servers.So not sure but aint there a case for misleading in the sale of this game so could get a refund????
76561198003777851,Not Recommended,209650,13418884,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Alhashasrardi,"This will be based entirely on the multiplayer since that's really all I play of it.- Shotguns are garbage. You might as well toss a coin on whether a pointblank blast to the face will kill someone.- Stun grenades do nothing.- The connection is terrible at best. I'm actually writing this while waiting on the service to pull back my profile so I can start.- Matchmaking is awful.- Little variety in the weapons.- Lag. I find that I frequently hear a bullet or two coming at me, turn to respond but die before I can get a shot off. When the killcam comes up, I see them fire off 6-8 rounds before I even start to turn.All of these are negatives but can be easily fixed. Sort that out and the multiplayer would be fantastic."
76561197993837513,Recommended,209650,13421574,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Jccowboy57,This blank game is The best!!
,Recommended,209650,13421944,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,jbl87_1999,have had no complaints here like the play through little slow on the load but very fun just like playing the main part of the game the story line is great looking for intel is fun getting killed gets creative on the game doing stupid stuff lol but i think could use more game stories
76561198104690159,Not Recommended,209650,15007190,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,CandelaZ,"Ok fine. Needs dedicated servers...but barely anyone is playing this game. Needs more people to play, then worry about dedicated servers...This game is practically dead. Do not buy. I cant believe they are still asking $60 for it. I will never buy another CoD game for PC. No one plays."
76561198167655216,Not Recommended,209650,15455131,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mugzy,this game sucks wont let me play
76561198035928859,Not Recommended,209650,15540834,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,A1rT3cH,Since the update 4/2/15 my GTX 980 lags like hell. PLEASE UNDO THE PATCH AND FIX THE GAME. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The Devs have messed up the game. DO NOT BUY.
76561198138025379,Recommended,209650,14698676,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DimmuBurgir,Love it :)
,Not Recommended,209650,14699287,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ecratese,"First of all, if you enjoyed the CoD games before AW. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I bought it thinking that there would be a few new, cool additions, improved graphics, and a bunch of really cool new things in general. How wrong I was... The new suits that give you abilities are glitchy, and sometimes fail to even work properly. Combat isn't 'intense', or 'improved'. In fact, it's actually worse than the original CoD games. Battles end up being left completely to luck, knowledge of a map is nearly useless due to the fact that someone can boost-jump around the map and end up on your head before you even realize that the games started. Graphics? Don't even get me started on graphics! Now, my computer isn't a GOD that's true. But I feel as though a computer that can handle 180+ mods on Skyrim (most of which are mesh, and 4k texture overhauls), should be able to handle at bare minimum the 'normal' texture quality on a CoD game. Not for Advanced Warfare apparently. Even set on the lowest possible quality, the game constantly lags, and crashes. Making the game very VERY hard to play. Not only that, but at the highest possible quality, the textures on everything look shoddy, with little effort thrown into them. That being said, don't just assume I'm a 'halo fan-boy'. I've loved CoD since MW1, and still play Black Ops 2. But this game has to be the absolute worst game I've EVER played. -10/10 I'll stick with the real CoD games."
,Not Recommended,209650,14703118,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,PooPSouP,"Why can't I connect to a server?! Did I just throw away $50?! You would think they would have fixed these stupid connection issues. I think we should be able to get our money back, the simple fact is I bought a game that does not work!!"
76561197966566326,Not Recommended,209650,13039469,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kelp™,"Horrible. sledgehammer cares nothing for pc dont buy this piece of trash, especially after they delay Havoc dlc because of 'problems' even though they had a month to get ready."
,Recommended,209650,14713553,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,poorang,"This is my first Call od Duty game, and I can say I thoroughly enjoyed it. The campaign was amazing, and multiplayer is sweet. Kevin Spacey's preformance was also amazing, just saying.10/10"
,Not Recommended,209650,13583287,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,sLeeper,"The single player was good, and so is Multiplayer, however frequently while trying to play multiplayer I get the message that the service is not available. Not sure why this is not more of a priority considering how many people are having the same problem."
,Recommended,209650,13554971,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Pvt. Potato,"First off I would give this game a 7/10 and heres is why.SinglePlayer:Haven't played much, not really the reason why I play Call of Duty but heard good things about the game.Multiplayer:Exo movement is fun.  Gun balance is terrible.  Learned how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ my mom is with 10 year olds.  Would nerf these guns:  XMG, EM1,and All duallies.  You don't need to add a OP laser just to make the game look furturistic the exo skeleton does enough.  Very fast paced fits my play style.  I would reccomend you buy."
76561198033801033,Recommended,209650,13557278,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ozcrazed,its pritty good when you get used to it i guess
76561198015591507,Recommended,209650,13557312,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sparky,"My game froze when they were int eh creamtory chute?  Last command was Press ""F""  then it locked up?  What should I do???"
76561198070344351,Not Recommended,209650,13559767,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,b0nes,"The connection to online services works 1 out of 5 times, the games updates regularly 5 times a day because they cannot seem to get anything to work correctly. From time to time connection to online services does not work at all, and you just have to play something else entirely, absolutely ridiculous. Love the game otherwise. If they fixed the connection problems  I would have recomended this game to other people."
76561198048911199,Not Recommended,209650,13383080,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Markus Weimer,"The game is visually stunning, but at least the single player campaign is boring as hell and probably better enjoyed on youtube than actually playing through it.I am not a hardcore gamer by any definition, but have recently enjoyed the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series quite a bit. This game and those couldn't be more different. In the single player campaign, you are reduced to a click-machine: Stand somewhere, shoot at everything that moves until nothing moves and then move to the next spot. There isn't really a choice of the next spot either.CoD AW is basically a very compute-intensive version of whack-a-mole. Maybe that is the allure of the CoD series (this is the 1st CoD game I played), but it doesn't compete with the open world play that the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series provides, where there are always many ways to do something.The eye candy in this game is absaolutely fantastic, though. It looks like a movie, which is probably also why the whole environment and gameplay had to be made so static. Given the choice, I prefer interesting gameplay over the visuals tied to a whack-a-mole, but your interests might vary. For me, this game was dissapointing enough to write my 1st game review ever."
76561198094427665,Not Recommended,209650,13383331,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cornwall,"I can't even play the game. everytime i launch it it asks if i want safe mode. if you say yes or no it loads the Advance Warfare screen for 1 second. Then it says  ""DirectX encountered an unrecoverable error"" Someone please help. This is bull."
76561198162538888,Recommended,209650,13383761,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Big Boss,please make a update for the black screen
76561197962100857,Not Recommended,209650,13381011,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,six-P-,"Buggy, broken Multiplayer. Can't find a game. Tried searching for 5 minutes on the first day, then 5 minutes two weeks after release. A few players joined each time but not enough to launch the game. I just sat there in the lobby. I have no problem with any other multiplayer game. The lack of dedicated servers was a bad decision."
,Not Recommended,209650,13385673,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Scot,"Introductory video is interesting, the first few times. Can't get past it. After the video, the loading meter that stopped at 1/2 way within the first few seconds of the video starts to slowly move again then finally drops back to the menu saying it failed to connect to the Steam Lobby.Why do I care about the stupid Steam Lobby? I'm trying to play the campaign.By the way, lack of SLI support or widescreen (3 monitor) support on a top tier game in 2014 is insane. Who would have thought 20 years ago that these stupid consoles would destroy the PC gaming industry."
76561198015875746,Not Recommended,209650,13385962,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Guinness,"I didn't listen to the reviews and now I regret it. I bought the game on sale and it still was not worth the random hours of lag   (could really use dedicated servers) and ridiculously unbalanced weapons. Also the normal terrible spawning is quiet possibly worse than past games. Expect to spawn on grenades, in cross fire, and in front of people many times. They wanted to make it faster pace and they succeeded by taking out the part where you play. Actually these are all normal things for CoD but the lag is what killed it for me. Get a bad host, and there a plenty, and it's just no fun."
,Recommended,209650,13398574,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ozzy,"This is actually a great Call of Duty game and it runs fairly well online. It just needs a larger community of players for the multiplayer experience to be more enjoyable, but its still a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,209650,14094078,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mashedy,had some mixed feelings over the game after reading others reviews and watching vidoes on youtube. but the game is actually very fun. and the campaigne is 10/10
,Recommended,209650,14096320,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Cuddletrou af BandiWOAH XIII,"[THIS REVIEW IS HEAVILY APPLIED TO THE MULTIPLAYER PART OF THE GAME!]I'm gonna be as summarized and straight forward to all the aspects that one needs answers for in a CoD game. SO HERE WE GOThis year's Call of Duty is created for the first time by the talented team at Sledgehammer Games, who has previously been part of the makin' of MW3. This is their entry to the franchise with a very futuristic sight, and my opinion is strongly positive on this one! Let's start off with what the big changes are, as I'm sure you're already aware of the CoD formula...First of all, the exo suit. This robotic suit of sorts allows you to boost, double-jump, ground-slam, all sorts of different stuff, and as part of your create-a-class, you can apply exo abilities, such as regenerative health, silent footsteps, hover, cloack, all these runnin' on a battery on your exo(this battery lasts only once, so if you want to use your ability again, you have to wait until you respawn, then you'll get a new one).The choice of weapons are very intriguing. Some of the more unusual ones are an SMG and heavy weapon that's pre-akimbo(it means that the guns are dual wielded by default, and can not be removed), laser projected heavy weapons, 5-burst SMG, all sorts of stuff that really stands out. Not to mention the new supply drop addition! Every 45-minutes of in-game gameplay, you gain a supply drop, which contains between 1-3 items, rangin' from character customization gear, weapon variants, double XP and in-game care packages, all in three different qualities, Enlisted, Proffessional and Elite. With weapon variants, you can get another version of the same gun, but with different stats! For instance, you can get an AK12 variant that shoots faster but has less ammo, or a pistol that has the akimbo attachment built-in(weapon variants with built-in attachments can not be removed, however the attachment won't take a spot in your class points).I may hear you ask ""But how about servers? Everyone says that the game isn't running on dedicated servers! Shouldn't I be concerned?"". This is a very controversial topic, as people believe there are no dedicated servers for this game(hence TotalBiscuits input about the game not havin' it). Alright, so the answer is that this game DOES have dedicated servers, however not primarily. It runs on a hybrid system, which means that if there is a dedicated server available with a good connection, you will be sent to that lobby. However if a server can't be found, you will be put into a listen server, where one player is the host. Now this is extremely good, since dedicated servers makes gameplay fair for everyone when there's no host advantage, not to mention the better connection. Now should you be concerned? Well, I live in Sweden, and every match I have ever connected to has ALWAYS been a dedicated server. One strong sign that you're NOT playing on a dedicated server is if a host migration process starts when the host leaves the lobby, and ever since day one, that has never happened! Host migrations used to happen at least 5 times every hour when playing MW2 or MW3, however I haven't experienced a single host migration at all, and I've put down about 200 hours in the multiplayer(the counter may be broken a bit, sorry).The game runs pretty much flawlessly on PC. My machine is not that über great, but it does the job, and I'm able to play with great settings on my 1920x1080 monitor in 60 fps(I have all my settings pushed to the max, no vsync, as well as Cache Spot Shadow/Sun Maps disabled(That setting makes all the textures extremely blurry, here's an example to show what the caches setting doesIMAGE LINKSource=PCGamingWiki)). One thin' to keep in mind if you own a 120 or 144hz monitor is that the game is capped at 91 fps(possibly due to clipping issues if this was set to above 91), so unfortunatly you won't get the entire benefit of havin' a higher Hz monitor(unless they patch it). Fortunatly for those with easily affected motion sickness, this game has an adjustable FOV in the settings, which goes from 65 up to 90 horizontal FOV.I believe this is everythin' I have to say. Wasn't really as summarizin' as I would've hoped. The campaign is fenominal, the multiplyer is fun as heck, survival will get exo-zombies soon in the comin' DLC's(which I am REALLY looking forward to!). Even if this game brings in the verticality and the new movement system this franchise dearly needs, it still feels like a Call of Duty game! If you are tired from how the previous games have been, then be warry if you purchase this. However, if you're still a dearly beloved CoD fan, you really need this!And don't mind that ""mixed reviews"" title in the store section here, it just seems that it's part of the pop-culture to hate this franchise. The only one to really judge the game is yourself!Thank you for readin', and I hope I cleared some thin's up!~Melee-ChanAFTER PUBLISH EDIT=I forgot to mention that Single Player has NO FPS CAP! Multiplayer and Exo-Survival still has the cap of 91 though."
,Not Recommended,209650,14098169,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Pitiedowl,"This game is finaly a start for the Call of Duty franchise as in good graphics, but everything else just isnt good. first of all zombies is something you have to pay for?? i dont understand this at all and i personally think its a♥♥♥♥♥♥move to us zombie fans.  The new jump mechanics are a good attempt at something cool, but when you see another player it turns into something that looks like bunnies fighting. I really wanted to enjoy this game but i just cant."
,Not Recommended,209650,14586521,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,IxLOPEZxI*CSGO-SKINS.com,"if you can get the game to work its just like every other cod but you can jump higher and dash so its just mindless fun, but this game does not work. 2 of the maps are buggy for most people, not many people play it now mostly just tdm matches, apparently taken over by hackers now and the biggest problem ""service is unavailable"" i havent been able to connect since the first week and support can do nothing to fix it. side note nothing outside of single player is playable locally/offline so that means no playing with bots or even exo/zombie survival."
76561197998031858,Not Recommended,209650,12889515,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hexus,"Changed my review from posative to negative.Game has been out since November and there are still several maps that flat out don't work.   Defender being a major one.  No response from the developers about the issue, though it's been on their forums nearly every day.Lag is still a big problem, performance and stability hasn't improved since launch.It's a real shame.  I have a blast with the game when it's running right for everyone but it's so hit or miss you don't know if you're going to have fun or just close it in frustration."
,Not Recommended,209650,14738897,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Rosen Ritter,"This game will be known, as: ""the game that killed the Call of Duty franchise"" ... at least for PC.The Pros:-Great singleplayer-Great graphics-Great sundtrack/fxThats it.The Cons:-March 2015, no REAL dedicated servers.-If you are lucky enough to login into the online service (which I doubt), pray to the lord and surrender your soul and you might find a match.-No answer from the devs.So, if you still want to play this game. Pirate it, enjoy the single player and if you liked it and still want to buy it, wait for this♥♥♥♥♥♥to be over..Which will probably be...never."
76561198117514207,Not Recommended,209650,14740455,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,kelbull,If they dont fix the multiplayer issue dont get this game please :/ how i wish i can get my 40$ back
,Recommended,209650,14740855,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,BreakingThe[Solas],this game awesome!!
76561198080510993,Recommended,209650,14740985,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,hermiwalle,it doesn´t work !!!!!
76561198172814795,Recommended,209650,14741148,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,HornyCorn,i buy it but i dont get the AE4
76561198030567543,Not Recommended,209650,14736081,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,gameplayer,"No dedicated servers. Lots of lag. Gun included in Season pass overpowered. Hardly anyone online. Can't even find a match with enough players outside deathmatch and occasionally mosh pit to play. Campaign only worth one playthrough and I didn't even actually finish the game because the story didn't draw me in like it did in the Black Ops series. I want to like this game. I want other people to buy it so I'll actually have people to play with online. But it was a huge waste of my money and the last CoD I will buy, especially for PC."
,Not Recommended,209650,14736564,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Nevereverland,"Spawn Kills, No dedicated servers, boring gameplay."
76561198137319826,Recommended,209650,14737964,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,tectonic,"I've seen videos of this game, it's pretty good. But one thing: It takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥when I try to run it. Does the new campaign cutscreen, but when it finishes, it cuts to black and ends it self. Complete waste of 60 bucks."
,Recommended,209650,14745965,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Animal Mother,It's like every other call of duty game. they just add some extra's. still playing to see why this is getting mixed likes and no likes
76561198045528228,Not Recommended,209650,13937245,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DizNix,"I wont waste anyones time, all the gripes have been listed... just adding one more tick to get more weight added to push a change from this unacceptable delivery of goods."
76561198015663432,Not Recommended,209650,13938075,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Warlock,"Too bad that they created a good game , not very good, just good, and that because in an attempt to make something futuristic.....like Halo, they failed, most of the  Call of Duty players like the game because it WAS close to real combat....not anymore with lasers and flying around like butterflies...that plain SUCKED the game.And of course, the LAME hackers and lag still the King and Queen of the game, let the queers continue to hack drove gamers to a better game brands...today, weekend night and  just a handful of players (1/3 hacking) playing...I wasted 1/2 hour to find a descent game and only had one hacker  (""$500"" or something like that was his name for the night) this queer was  46 kills and one death (killed himself?) when i left...he was killing 2 players with one shot while jumping.......Well, to sum up......this game SUX in whole, too bad I paid $100 for the season  pass, what a waste of money!!!"
76561198091944637,Recommended,209650,14032738,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,General4500,لعبة ممتازة وجمميلة جدا وجرافيكس خروافي جدا
,Recommended,209650,14034553,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,killerbadboy™︻芫═───,Great Fast action
,Recommended,209650,14025229,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fucking Wanker,"I am the only child in my family, and I was alone for my whole childhood. I didn't have any friends, and also didn't know the feeling to chillin with friends. After two rounds of playing COD:AW, I burst into tears. This is the childhood i've dreamt about. I finally got a chance to play wiz kids.Graphics are great, MP is addicting, got to prestige 1 in 2 days, the new EXO system is great, Personally think this is the best COD ever made (except the WWII ones). Only one problem, no dedicated servers."
,Recommended,209650,13512130,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RapidLife,"Your next Call of Duty, one which i didn't really have high expectations for. Although i found this one to be different. After the terrible experience with Ghosts, I questioned ever buying another game in the franchise. However, the exo suit and changes made to multiplayer really set this one apart. New tactics and strategies come into play when going about, and really adds to the experience. Definetely the step call of duty needed to take to get the fans back."
,Recommended,209650,12881113,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,hayanSeK,I want the devs to picture this said in the sternest way possible because I am dead serious.Patch this game to optimize it for PC or I will have completely lost faith in the Call of Duty franchise period.I did not pay for a triple a title to be run on low settings with a new pc.  :)EDIT:  Having played for almost 100 hours now...the game is still poorly optimized.  Although both Sledgehammer and AMD seem to be aware of and working on the problem.  I have noticed significant improvments in fps.The bottom line for me is that this is Call of Duty and it is fun.  I just feel as though the PC version for this specific iteration may have been an afterthought.
,Recommended,209650,13280118,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Affa Cadabra,"This game is addicting and fast-paced as all-hell.   If Battlefield 4 is getting old and you hate CS, then CoD:AW is the best lateral FPS move you could make.  The upgraded movement and character/class customization system has refreshed this franchise to a factor previously thought unreachable.  The netcode is highly responsive and leaves little room for ♥♥♥♥♥ing.I highly recommend playing ONLY Hardcore (more damage taken/done, limited HUD).  Addicting."
76561198027582549,Recommended,209650,13430531,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,KdragonT,Been playing Call of Duty for years and admit it was starting to get stale and wasn't as excited when COD AW initially got released. After reading the positive reviews I took the plunge and havent regreated my decision to buy it.Single player and multiplayer graphics I have been able to run maxed out (4 GB GTX 970) and have no issues. The graphics are simply top notch and found myself on many occasions stopping and admiring the game.I've beat the single player which is rather short (5-6 hours)and only played 2-3 hours of multiplayer and the MP is typical just like the other COD with some additional options. I want to invest more time into MP but BF4 has been taking up my time.Overall I highly recommend the game.
76561198093054395,Recommended,209650,13431403,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CaptainZedge,PLEASE UPDATE to 1.7!
76561198036082093,Recommended,209650,13534840,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Haloun,Gr8
,Recommended,209650,13535261,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Paddytehpyro [J-Server],"I don't know how COD can ever go back from jet packs, slides and♥♥♥♥♥♥stomps. Definitely the most fun in a  fast multiplayer FPS I have ever had."
,Not Recommended,209650,13537533,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Akaren 赤蓮,"Singeplayer: Now, the singeplayer is hard for me to review really. I played it, it was fun, but.. it did feel like a beta-build. The story wasn't really great either, full of cliches and kinda uninteresting, but most people are here for the shooty-shooty, right?! Plenty of that! I found there to be quite a bit of fun to be had in that, all in all, the campaign wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. I'd recommend it IF it was cheaper. And it'd need to be very much cheaper.Multiplayer: I've spent about 60 hours on this. I wish I could get a refund on those too, but that ain't gonna happen.Why did I spend so long on this turd? Well, it was fun. Until they screwed it up. There were glitches, lag, etc, but it was playable and actually quite fast-paced and entertaining, along with being rewarding! ...Then the hackers came along. Then they buffed, yes buffed, the most OP weapon in the game. Then they said they fixed the lag... they didn't! I used to be able to enjoy this game. One of the only CoD games I've been able to say that about since.. Hell, I can't even remember it was so long ago! But they messed it up big time for me. No fun in this crap anymore. Ontop of all this, the community is terribly toxic. Stay away from this one."
76561198108152438,Recommended,209650,13552350,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bobsanitizer,Literally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥an entire team off spawn with the nade launcher.Bad Spawns holy♥♥♥♥♥♥8/10 would play again
76561198164381525,Not Recommended,209650,13553229,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,speed '''',the connection is the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever
76561198016066417,Recommended,209650,13553341,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wolvie,Alot of bad points....but a goooood game!
,Not Recommended,209650,13566050,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,COLETrain,0/100 stars This pathetic game cant even live up to its silly fun precursors
76561198021205202,Not Recommended,209650,13568044,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,dilutedmorals,"Fun to play, when you can actually play. Too many issues. Lag, rubber banding, getting caught in pre-game ""synchronizing game settings"", randomly disconnecting from servers and steam, not recognizing my GTX880 and instead using my intel HD graphics instead..."
,Recommended,209650,13568544,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DeToxicGaming,I Like This Game On the Console And its A Dicent Port on Pc I havent Played Much because My pc Broke so I Played On Xbox One But The Little time I Have Played on Pc has Been Welcoming. i Defintly Would Recomend This If Your A fan of The call Of Duty Series :)!
76561198001215569,Not Recommended,209650,13929085,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,magius_wizard,"Horrible game. Poorly made and appears to be very unfinished.  You will have party problems doing even the simplest things with your friends. You will get lagged, and frozen, and glitched in every possible way.  If you are lucky enough to get into muliplayer matches you will be thrilled to find yourself getting shot through walls, randomly having people spawn behind you, and having your own weapons do little to no damage. Do NOT buy this game!"
76561198015928386,Not Recommended,209650,13930299,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,dankVAC!d,"R.I.P 60 Euros.NEVER BUY AN COD AGAIN I AM RIPPED OFF AGAIN!CoD 2,4 MW2 were the best...Also the optimazitaion for PC is = 0. Lagg, migarting host (are we in  2009 or what?)No dedicated servers.Custom CLOTHES AND HELMETS? AFTER 30 MINUTES MANY ITEMS DISAPPEAR WHAT IS THE POINT IN THAT?:DDDDDDDDFPS drops and laggs even if you have atom reactor at home.12 years old kids are still playing it and all of them already slept with my mom.0/10 CoD became marketing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!"
,Recommended,209650,13972163,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,TheMartyred,"After ghosts and its unoriginal gameplay, I vowed never to buy another COD game, but with the new movement mechanics and exo-abilities, I was able to get into the game again and get good at it. I haven't had a KD greater than 2 in a match since the original black ops. But now I'm able to enjoy the game again. The lag is annoying at times but I've learned to deal with it.As for single-player, which I actually care about, Kevin Spacey was amazing; At first, likeable and in the end agreat villain. I DO recommend this game to long time fans of COD who are a little sick of the same-old same-old.A NICE CHANGE..."
76561198016049795,Recommended,209650,13972771,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,UnL1m1TeD,"Lots of Hackers , No Dedicated Servers , Ping matters more than EVER.Other than that , this game is absolutely amazing , with beautiful detailed graphics , great new mechanics and beautiful beautiful new maps!"
,Not Recommended,209650,13974509,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,DiiDii,bring back quick scoping m8
,Not Recommended,209650,13633869,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hengiepoops,"Want to play this game after midnight? Good luck :).Exo mode is on only multiplayer, so you need to connect to the server to play alone. Good luck with that.Single player is choppy.Not enough players to do any other mode besides ctf and tdm."
76561198000463143,Not Recommended,209650,13343484,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,foxfirerage,"anything I would want in a good FPS game this lacks :(PC version is unstable, lagy, wont work on a large number of GPU's rated to handle the game.The way the server handles hits is horrible you will be dead and then the guy that shot you will come around the corner.Bleh there are way way way better Fps games on steam than this crap"
76561198014353413,Recommended,209650,12908758,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,UsuRpA,Game Play is fluid.... Maps are great for those who like to camp and for those who like to kill Campers.  Weapons are numerous and very good with exception of Lasers lol and Dual Hand Guns (OP).  Alot of customization .  Exo Abilities brings the vertical game play to life.  Overall  Lock and Load and kill your freinds... Or Strangers.
,Recommended,209650,13028317,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ChooJuJu,"Empty a clip in a guy, he walks over and punches you once, you die. Its Call of Duty."
,Not Recommended,209650,13422506,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,The Great Northern Trendkill,"i really wish i could reccomend this game, its fun- when it works, which because of the pisspoor pc optimization and the lack of dedicated servers, is only about half the time, and when i does work, expect to be pounded with lag and random crashes."
,Not Recommended,209650,13408535,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,kherby,To be brutally honest the game sucks. It's not worth the $59.99.  Hell it probably isn't even worth $20.00. The single player story is just meh. I could not immerse myself into it so I stopped playing the SP rather quickly. The MP is horrific. So much lag. Save yourself a paycheck. This game is not worth picking up. Titan Fall already accomplished this and did it very well. Pick up a copy of Titan Fall and you'll be much happier.
,Not Recommended,209650,13408744,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lone Wolf™,exo jump in multiplayer... just big ♥♥♥♥ing no no..its quake or unreal tourney all over ..
,Not Recommended,209650,13411036,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,A Balanced Diet,"this game is soooo bad. BALs are the only gun I see, the lag is worse than ghosts (yea, that somehow happened) and its just so boring"
,Recommended,209650,13412008,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Toast,8/8
,Recommended,209650,13412787,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,LlamaGod420,"I've seen a lot of hate for this game. I mean, A LOT. This is one of the best call of duty games to date, and most of the reviews bash it...I support CODAW and if you are a Die Hard Call of Duty fan, you should invest in this one. Single Player so far is great, and even though I had a few laggy games, as a whole, the multiplayer has been amazing. Hour and a half straight of play, and haven't ran into a single hacker as these other reviews say. Definitely add this one to your library."
,Recommended,209650,13413218,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,STaTiC,"My take on Advanced Warfare:I have played COD series as follows:MWBOBO2GhostsAdvanced WarfareBO2 was/is great.Ghosts - Minor issues for me, but ultimately personally the game was fun, until MP died.Advanced Warfare is great, runs very well on my system, after some tweaks posted by various other players.This COD is a must, however IMHO, until optimizations are done by Raven & Sledgehammer,  Ghosts will be my favourite, but only until then the fixes for PC has been made.  Many players are unable to experience the full entertainment that AW is offering, due to performance issues, that mainly can be fixed by the DEVS.I recommend this game for purchase,  irrespective full price or sale.  Which ever one you choose."
,Recommended,209650,13413899,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,-=LoD=- Nikita -,LOVE LOVE LOVE. Can not say anything else. I just love this game. So much to do..
,Not Recommended,209650,13379504,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,chrissinclair1951991,"*** UPDATE ***As I've been able to get the game running a little bit it seems only fair to revise this review, although it's still not that great.I've now reinstalled the game (complete re-download) and put it onto a different drive. That got it running to the point that I could complete the single player campaign (which is only a few hours). Still stuttering along during cutscenes, random framerate drops, and when I just tried to play online all I get is stutter and lag. So frustrating. As I was able to get it running I will revise what I said below as it is not unplayable, except online.*** ORIGINAL REVIEW ***UNPLAYABLEI've just spent the last hour and half trying to find some settings to play this at, but even turning everything down to the very minimum (leaving the game looking truely atrocious) I still can't get the framerates to stay playable. This, coupled with the rediculous loading times mean that I'm now about to start scouring the steam returns policy to see if I can get my £30 back. Don't waste your time.I'm trying to play this at 1440x900 on an AMD R9 270 (2GB), i5-2500K@3.4GHz 8GB RAM Win 7 Home Premium. Everything else I try runs just fine (inc. Shadow of Mordor, Witcher 2 and Crysis). Very unhappy."
76561198090319568,Recommended,209650,15286044,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,fullyuki,No games found.
,Not Recommended,209650,15317543,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Comradephate,"If you are looking for a game that will crash constantly even after ~6 months of time to release patches, regardless of hardware quality or operating system, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,209650,15325638,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,.:MSK:.Hawk,HiLove the game i only have one problem which is the servers everything is awesome but the servers
,Recommended,209650,15330072,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,✪ c1,noice!
76561198084601050,Not Recommended,209650,15332530,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DireWolf,"Well I p[ayed both the SP and MP and I say the SP is ok, like most other players say ""WE NEED DEDICATED SERVERS TO PREVENT PEER ADVANTAGE,LAG AND HACKERS..PLEASE GIVE US DEDICATED SERVERS...be for I forget. I want to thank you for making us pay for the season pass and giving all the people who bought the game without the pass the first DLC for free, including the weapons and zombies gameplay....You know for sure I will be running out there to get in on the pre-release....NOT..this will be my last pre-release I buy from you....you guys are glad to take our money but not to service us...how much is Microsoft paying you not to service pc players?"
76561198066205587,Not Recommended,209650,14996162,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Brute ツ,"these producers need to pull their heads out of their a**** and learn how to make a good game. after i bought this game i was immediatly regretful just for the fact that all these people do is make dlc. remember when zombie mode came with the game and was f***ing amazing, YEAH SO DO I now its considered a waste of $15 and i think its completely pathetic. im said to see the COD franchise come crashing down like this."
,Not Recommended,209650,13035923,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Its not a bad game, its just another CoD. Take this as you will."
76561198060789630,Not Recommended,209650,15037897,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Sir Sniff Alott,Is not optimized for pc and runs terrible. Is sometimes unplaybale if you have AMD setup which I do.
76561198036438659,Not Recommended,209650,19622626,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,hungry1,"Frustrated during hostager rescue of Prime Minister.  Directions call for ""tagging"" the kidnappers by using the left mouse.  You are then to shoot the hostage takers before they kill him.  Problem is to shoot you normally have to use the left mouse button.  But if you use it, it removes the ""tag.""   Because of that glitch, I can't advance the game despite having only played for 4 hours!  If this is the fortelling of problems to come, I say stay away; especially considering the outrageous cost for game and season pass.  Highly disappointed in this addition to the COD series."
,Recommended,209650,19575101,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cryo,*Looks out 2nd story window and sees nothing**Turns around and walks out of room**Dies because someone flew in the window the seconds you turned around*
,Not Recommended,209650,19639170,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zed,An honest waste of £40. bought for the sole purpose of playing multiplayer.. cant find a match on any game mode. Dead. Completely DEAD. Who buys COD for the story line? Story line is sh*t. Dont waste your money
,Recommended,209650,19672046,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Shed,Enjoyable few hours of 'follow the leader' :) .
76561198010447603,Recommended,209650,19624810,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Hatredcopter,"****Reccomendation only applies if you can pick this up for less than $5*****It's the same as the modern warfare games with a few new toys, but nothing that really changes the formula.  Most of the scenes are scripted, it's highly linear and very chaotic--everything you expect from a COD game.  The in-game mechanics are perfect but the actual PC software crashes all the time.  Still worth the run through the campaign if found on Steam supersale.Don't spend extra on any of the zombie or Co-op DLC even if it's only a buck more at some point.  As of writing this (12/10/15) I some DLC as part of a special package and literally no one is playing--there are no populated servers."
76561197971692144,Recommended,209650,19658238,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,FATDAD,i like it
,Recommended,209650,19658572,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hunt3r,Nice game. Just played single player. Had some problems because this game need lots of vram. But after minor tweaking it ran smoothly on my laptop with GTX980m. Nice story and gameplay.
,Not Recommended,209650,19702689,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Beast Mode,runs very slowley
,Not Recommended,209650,18165637,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pandaman,"My computer is at recommended specs, yet the game crashes to desktop citing a DirectX error. Huge pain in the butt.The game is fun, but the crashes almost made it unplayable. They were just infrequent enough that I would restart and continue from where I left, but I had to watch the entire intro video over and over again.Unfortunately I can't recommend this game."
76561198078193311,Not Recommended,209650,19693267,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Deak,"I haven't bought COD in recent years simply because I didn't enjoy the linear gameplay and dull story. I bought this game because I did enjoyed the gameplay of Titanfall and was looking to play local co-op with my friends.To my big disapointment the 2-player split has been stripped from the PC version! Such a nice and easily implemented game-mode being left out is rediculous! I therefore will not recommend this game.On the other hand the game itself is good enough. I love the futuristic sci-fi setting (much like Deus Ex: Human Evolution) so it's easy for me to get excited about the story-line and new gameplay features.(The online part needs more testing to review.)I would gladly recommend this game if it had the local co-op console-owners got.But as of now I won't, I'd actually rather have a refund!"
76561198034292993,Not Recommended,209650,19539000,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,judson-1,geme has alot of bugs.
,Recommended,209650,12945514,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,"a dating site called""broad-band""",Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I recommend it!
76561198017251414,Recommended,209650,19265800,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,iina qstone,so good game i like the guns exo and the multiplayer overall buy this game everybody best cod ever made
76561198038222125,Not Recommended,209650,15179165,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,[USEF] OBJEC-|-IVE,I would like to see real servers like what we had with call of duty 1 and 2 this steam server thing is terable with free maps download its been along time comming every one in the community wants this and there was less problems and hackers were band and we had fun this isnt a bit fun like it was . please change it . in my opinion the game has lacked because of steam and and the lag issues are worse than they were with call of duty rented servers back in the day the younger generation wants this too.
,Recommended,209650,15179206,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ThePandanator21,"I haven't played a CoD game since mw3, and nothing has changed that much.Still an arcadey shooter, with its faster than most gameplay and over the top action story.Netcode is garbage, I have encountered exactly 2 perfect ping games, and just as many hackers.Still, if you have to scratch that cod itch this is the game to do it."
76561198048438944,Recommended,209650,15183316,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Yoloshanks,"Old review was deleted? bad IW.Finally after 5 months of gruesome lag, bad fps, only 3 maps working and constant hickering have Infinity Ward finally fixed Advanced Warfare.The problem came from ""Shader Preload"" if you had it disabled all maps would load, but with a 2 minute lagg fest, and even after that it would still lag. so i was forced to have it set to ""on"". While it was activated, only three maps would load. Retreat, solar, and comeback.it took them 5 months to fix this, and i can finally play the game with no lag!Pros;+Amazing Graphics+Dynamic and fun maps+One perfect campaign, offering a unique experience in the Call Of Duty series+lazersCons;-No dedicated servers-Poorly optimized guns-People use ASM1, KF5 and lasers, and they think they're pro. No you're not pro, them weapons are ridiculously overpowered.-Hackers-Need more variation in guns, too many people use the same guns ( ASM1 is used by nearly everyone )The game is the best in the franchise, but IW need to fix a few things concering the guns. then the game will be the best."
,Recommended,209650,15185253,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,beate_sunday,chicken
76561198056901077,Recommended,209650,15187019,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,fred1,good!
76561198011909299,Not Recommended,209650,15188029,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SCUBADOO,This would be a great game if it would not screw you over and let you get online.
76561198064998742,Recommended,209650,15181908,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,(TAJA) J-fee rapper,maybe make zombies free
,Not Recommended,209650,15287637,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Snake,Ok. So i was gonna rate this game pretty good considering the standards for call of duty have been dropping ever since mw2. But i can excuse the fact there is no dedicated servers since it costs quite a bit for a game that has less than a 2 year lifespan. I can excuse the overpowered things in the game. What i cant excuse is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t frame drops and errors such as out of memory error that happens out of the blue.... FIX UR BLOODY GAME
,Recommended,209650,15288945,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Blaze,"'Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare - Gold Edition is already in your Steam library'If I alreadyd have the gold edition, why can I not play on zombies, eh steam?"
76561198173906218,Not Recommended,209650,15574959,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,nicolas.a.rocca,Pure S***. Cannot play the game. It's hit and miss to play multiplayer. I really love the game but the connection issues kill it.
76561198077025422,Recommended,209650,19797630,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dusknoir,This game is fun to play when you have friends to play it with. The only issue is that evey now and then a hacker or aimbotter will ruin a perfect game
76561198147064417,Not Recommended,209650,19891196,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mr. Feggels,They should make it so you can sell games that you dont like on dont want back instead of just having them there taking up space.
,Recommended,209650,19892463,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,m4rgin4l,"It's Call of Duty, nothing more, nothing less."
76561198148551034,Not Recommended,209650,19863224,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,poetticdruid,was never able to play never launched
,Not Recommended,209650,19864182,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,King Flippy Nipps,"Still really unplayable most of the time. Matchmaking is still terrible, and It still takes forever to find a match.When you actually do find one its laggs like crazy. I don't understand the issue here, I run everything else I play online no problem 99% of the time, Battlefield 4 and BLO3 Beta ran no problem for me, It has actually seem to get worse after a year of patches that didn't fix any problemsI wished the multiplayer actually worked proerply, The seasson pass is finally 50%, i'd buy it in a heartbeat if they only fix their broken game. Gonna have to spend my money on a game that works right."
76561198030890910,Not Recommended,209650,19857955,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,EvilChicken92,if you like really fast paced first person shooters then you will like this game and if you like using only two guns out of all the rest because they are the only two best...
,Recommended,209650,19853374,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DMX617/pvpro.com,nice game to play
,Not Recommended,209650,19842059,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,🅱Taͥcͣoͫ🅱,When i first bought this game i had my hopes up high that this would be filled with people. I couldn't find any games or matches. THIS GAME IS DEAD!!!!! Otherwise zombies was the only GOOD thing that came out of this game. After a few months i tried again. i could find a match every now and then in multiplayer. The weapon balance in this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you're thinking of buying this game don't because it is dead. I would prefer you buy Black ops 3 then this game. And the campaign was decent in a way. To sum this up i recommend you dont get this game and Buy Black Ops 3 instead of this.
76561198130239053,Not Recommended,209650,19823869,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,VAC Dealer,crashing and frezzing error pop ups etc. all the problems you can find is in this game :D
76561198010716470,Not Recommended,209650,14237126,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Genocide,"this game is so botted and hacked now, not worth playing multiplayer ,single players ok, game makers dont care about the platform that started gaming,nor the people that bye it,its just about the launch numbers"
,Not Recommended,209650,21129751,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,teheim,Wort game ever I regret this buy
76561198171946601,Recommended,209650,18408994,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Esmailz,i love this game
76561198152979123,Recommended,209650,19940905,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Kannabis Konsultti,well atleast it didnt suck like ghosts.....
,Not Recommended,209650,19931214,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ChemicalParadox,Slegde Hammer got a fine for littering when they dropped Advanced Warfare on the market.
,Recommended,209650,19915853,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jåx,I thing this game is  world's best game
,Not Recommended,209650,19950589,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,DarkMystiic,"Cannot even play, each time I get around 50-70% loading on the first mission of the campaign I crash! Can't even play and get the storyline, thanks a lot C.O.D."
76561198150980323,Recommended,209650,20016661,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,I_Toxic,I like the game but it didnt give me my dlcs when I bought the gold edition so I recomand yes but please fix0                              0---------------------------                                           -
76561198072758716,Recommended,209650,20039140,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FIGHTINGBASS™,Good
76561198152266088,Recommended,209650,20296204,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DEB,ITS AWSOME!!!!!!
76561197992868543,Recommended,209650,20281904,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TITCO,"Singleplayer campaign good. Starts slow, but starts getting good about 3 hours in. Had quite a few problems with crashes to desktop and stuttering in some areas though. Not bad enough to spoil the game."
76561198150542538,Not Recommended,209650,17433394,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,{DHC} Blue,good game for fun but lots of bugs
76561197975821539,Not Recommended,209650,17434329,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,[SiCk]Mongoose,NO GAMES FOUND
76561198019147650,Not Recommended,209650,17432297,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Luthr,"Fun when you can manage to connect to online services, so never."
76561198138379808,Not Recommended,209650,17464900,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Klown,this game is aids cant find a single game other then DM its been turned in to a P2W really sad to see what has become of CoD
,Not Recommended,209650,17396494,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,UncontainablePickle,"While this game is fun to play both in singleplayer, multiplayer, and the exo zombies mode, it is in no way a game I would reccomend. Multiplayer desparately needs dedicated servers since some matches are completely unplayable due to the ping issues and overall lag. Singleplayer is great, its lots of fun and completely enjoyable. Exo zombies is a fun game but it quickly gets boring and annoying. The constant changes to the zombie maps makes it feel like a hassle, to rescue survivors, defuse bombs, etc. It makes the game less enjoyable, forcing you to do something that bearly has any reward or get punished. Infection rounds are annoying but tolerable, infection areas are just annoying. If I want a gun in an area I don't want to wait until the next round to go get it. Also, it is extremely rare that you will be put into an exo zombies lobby that has a good connection for you, so you will most likely be beat to a pulp by zombies while you must tolerate with watching it happen like it was a slideshow. Also, the joining an already playing zombies game was neat at first, until you realized you were completely screwed because your teamates were across the map, you had no exo suit, and oh boy some weird boss just spawned in.The game had a lot of potential with its titanfall style gameplay but they've simply made a mess of this game, not only on the pc version, but the game as a whole. Seriously, when are people going to give up on this series? Go back to playing the old games that were actually fun. No they weren't flawless, but they were at the very least enjoyable with out annoyances that were from the game itself."
76561198070334953,Recommended,209650,17402773,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Scrubzilla,Much. Wow.
,Recommended,209650,17405924,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,The hype one.
76561198151693099,Not Recommended,209650,17146175,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mr.Meeseeks,"well it took me a little while to realize that THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS, i have like 49 hours on multiplayer and at first i was all well this game isnt half bad but then it hit me, this isnt call of duty, this is like titanfall with out the titans but the only difference between this and titanfall is that titanfall was actually a good game, but then i had the balls to buy it on xbox one also (thats when i realized that this game is terrible) DONT BUY THIS GAME WHATEVER YOU DO STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME AS POSSIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197987304578,Recommended,209650,17147509,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,bluey,"if you want to waste your money                 -  please buy this gameif you want to get killed by every hack        -  please buy this gameif you fancy lag at the start of most maps   -  please buy this gameif you like finding empty rooms and barelyenough players to have a game,which oneis at least is cheating                                     - please buy this gameif you love kangaroos                                    - please buy this gameif like me you like call of duty                       - please DONT buy this game"
,Not Recommended,209650,17149844,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Violent J.D.,"The game itself is fine. However, get the full experience on console. Community is♥♥♥♥♥ a lot of hackers, and for preference, NOBODY on hardcore modes."
76561198184317551,Not Recommended,209650,17150369,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,mikeszollosi,cannot play online. i spent 100$? to not be able to play online? the foundation of what this games about? its july 2015 not even a year old 0 people on. what the ♥♥♥♥ i want my money back.
76561198097417329,Recommended,209650,17158860,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Headshot,Where are all the players the game is actually great now servers have way better performance and i havent come acrossa hacker since april 2015 the game is good now we need more players online I would give the game now a 9/10
76561197995208717,Not Recommended,209650,17117687,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,imjoris,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! You won't get to play it! You will be unable to find any multiplayer matches! :(
,Recommended,209650,17166345,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Hanzo x Hasashi,Just finished Story mode. Awesome Movie experience. Action all the way through.
,Not Recommended,209650,17189659,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,kecin25,"Great game, fun story line but two things make me say dont buy it.ONE: You have to pay extra to play zombiesTWO: Multiplayer does not work at all, on everytype of game mode it says there are no games being played"
,Not Recommended,209650,16310830,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MeKo,"DONT BUY THIS GAME!1, Only one game mode can be played TDM ..(sometimes other modes for supplu drop if in moshpit, but rarley)2,Lack of players, only 8-40 players play this game at a time..(thats only 1-4 Teamdeath match ' matches at a time...)3, Preload to reduce lag is broken on serveral maps(you will lag more then u play even with my 198mbps, graphical lags with my custom 980..)4, cant play with any one unless you own the season pass.(no one liked the first dlc, so no one buaght it and now who ever is missing the first two DLC's cant join any games cuz the first two DLC's was put into regualer game rotation forcing players to buy the first two DLC's. which they unistallled the game instead.Sorry COD, But you used this game to finish building BlackOps 3. Otherwise turning alot of players of COD where they dont even want to buy BO3...July 29 windows 10 is released, that sappose to allow xbox one and pc crossplate, If this game isnt synced with xbox one, this game shouldnt even be sold. SHould be uninstalled, deleted and burned,.Im pretty much 8th prestige, 6days of in game play. Sesson pass, preordered. and all... and i can honestly say i would rather go COD ghost...."
76561198137649465,Not Recommended,209650,20953006,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,panoric,Worst regret: Preordering this game one day before the release date. 3/10
,Not Recommended,209650,20916474,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,KalistoDustrunna,Random FPS drops and bad port all together
76561198077542357,Not Recommended,209650,20786967,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,CRX,cant play multiplayer
76561198100191665,Not Recommended,209650,20762332,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,POLICE,Just Don't do it
76561198160061860,Not Recommended,209650,21093345,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Anton-,"shortest and easiest campaing yet.couldnt even get to 10hs playingin mp, no one is playing it in mp.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY."
76561198108031310,Recommended,209650,21121301,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"Like with all CoD games, the main story is OK, and the multiplayer is a little more OK than that. Very cookie cutter. If you havent already bought this, than just skip it. You should just follow the popularity and just play the newest CoD. But if youre in it for the story then get it on sale.6/10"
76561198057655136,Not Recommended,209650,21079242,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,pache_wife,Multiplay is DEAD.
,Not Recommended,209650,21090057,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dabzo,Worst game I ever spent money on
76561198139076134,Recommended,209650,14000595,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,✪ TeMpER,"A new way of playing Call of Duty, sure got me addicted for some time!"
,Not Recommended,209650,20759580,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Cypher,"Alright so i bought this game some time ago thinking "" Oh boy call of duty "" and wish i never spent my money on this. I should have gotten black ops 2 instead but i wanted the newest call of duty like any other fan of the games. Kevin Spacey, i am sorry that you had to take part in this mogolian swamp donkey of a game. Do not buy unless you enjoy LAN parties lads."
,Not Recommended,209650,21002228,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Deathmonkey8521,"game won't work, crashes in 5 minutes, 0/100, PS3 version is better"
,Not Recommended,209650,19179808,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Happywart29 skinhub.com,buy noob or die!!its a horrible game u cant find a match  and it is a rip off i want my money back  STEAM
,Not Recommended,209650,20720514,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bacon Skittles,"I'm not much of a CoD fan since MW2, but this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. The art direction this game went with looks awesome, and the artists  did a damn fine job. The campaign also has some really cool moments, though the final level is a tad bit dull.The biggest problem with this game though, is the lack of online multiplayer. I owned this on XBox One and there were plenty of people online. Now I get it on PC and there's absolutely nobody playing the multiplayer.My advice is that you should buy this game for the campaign when it goes down to around $10. Otherwise don't buy it unless the multiplayer population increases."
76561197994154643,Not Recommended,209650,22262406,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,litlfrog,"This franchise has fallen so far. Feels more like a rails shooter most of the time, with very little agency or choice on the player's part. The writers seem to be trying to make us take the storyline seriously but it's turgid and predictable. Your boss has betrayed you! You've been captured again! There's a race against time and only you can save the Earth. Nothing in these games captures that feeling of fighting your way to that last German-held building in Stalingrad."
76561198219561792,Not Recommended,209650,22276192,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JohnTtheJxL,This game Takes Alot of RAM memory .
76561197961092502,Not Recommended,209650,22118479,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,jmsbndoo7am,No one is playing at Multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,209650,21967316,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,AMISH MAFIA,Very fun exept you can only play TDM and the game crashes randomly all the time.
,Recommended,209650,22012786,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Iosef Stalin,Big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ok yeah alright
,Not Recommended,209650,22148676,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ashley,More people playing Call of Duty Classic.
,Not Recommended,209650,22169425,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Captain Kegs,"Awful game, both campaign and multiplayer. A terrible boost/jump/slide system with unsatifying combat and guns. Campagins story is bad and forgetable, nothing like the good old days of Modern Warefare. Second worst COD next to ghosts."
,Recommended,209650,22502336,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,luckychance0,Really fun worth playing
76561198054512088,Not Recommended,209650,22508925,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Magic Wizard Man,This game gave me cancer. 9/11
,Not Recommended,209650,22473685,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vernichtung,"First things first!It is impossible to rate or recomend a modern game without first understanding the equation regarding cost / benift from said game. I work this equation out on a cost per hour rating that is to say lets set a game price at $100 if you get 20 hours of enjoyment from said game you have effectively paid $5 per hour of enjoyment which in turn is in my opinion not a bad deal. The issue is of course most modern games (AAA) releases cost about $110 (AUD) on release. The issue is when a game such as Call of Duty Advanced Warfare only gives an enjoyable timeframe of 6 hours whilst paying $110 which means you pay aroung $19 bucks per hour........ It isn't such a good deal. This is why I have waited as long as I have to purchase and play Adanced Warfighter. Sure it's just the usual rubbish first person shooter (spunk garggle wee wee) but it's enjoyable spunk graggle wee wee. IF you can keep it in the $5 / hour price / enjoyment range. I was lucky enought to get it on sale for $30 AUD whick kept it within this range, anymore cost and I would be very disapointed.So in closing if you get it cheap it's a good game worthy of playing BUT at no point would I suggest you pay more than $20 - $30 AUD.  I am talking about single player only, any game this age MP is either filled with hackers or has absolutely no players leaving it useless.regards,Johann"
,Not Recommended,209650,22472172,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,riv5d (MAGA),"The mutiplayer.Okay Wtf Can Only Play Mutiplayer With Other people If They Have The Same Dlcs,I Thought This Game Would Be Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood."
76561198218825347,Recommended,209650,22405152,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,newmanj94,great game love the exo zombies mode
76561198155175830,Recommended,209650,22487611,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,EwwyMooey1359,This game was ok but too many exo noobs
,Not Recommended,209650,18700657,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,"Eric ""Eazy-E"" Wright","F*ck me simulator 2014 (If you haven't played much the campaign you probably don't know what I'm talking about.)For real, all the campaign is boring. Main characters die early, they're boring, story is boring, the only OK character is Gideon. The game should be optimized better.Multiplayer: For once on 2XP weekend I leveled up my character to Prestige, for once it was ok, but nothing interesting. Huge % of players using the same♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OP guns like XMG, etc. just like MW2 Akimbo G18, so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥annoying after a short time.The Exo Zombies is a bit boring, that's why it has lack of zombie players in the game, personally I don't like this game mode in AW.Exo Survival: Nothing special, a forced spec-ops game mode, nobody plays it, nor in base game nor in Havoc DLC, also when I try to play private match sometimes the game will crash with ""670 weapon assist exceeded"" error. See more here:http://psnprofiles.com/forums/topic/37646-weapon-assist-exceeded/Overall: This is the worst CoD after BO3, but still better in many ways than BO3."
,Recommended,209650,23090396,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Soup,hqaha win u play the game the shaniqua lady tell you ♥♥♥♥ :(
76561198017027978,Recommended,209650,23026608,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,S.A.S  Snapper,gd game
76561198095173869,Not Recommended,209650,12893115,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ollie559,Trash
76561197980292501,Not Recommended,209650,19291561,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Black,"Wow, the logic to link the dodge ability to the sprint key is beyond me.  Nothing like running and moving side to side and having your dodge keep activating when you dont want it to.  Its supposed to be a dodge ability not a sprint ability freakin morons at Sledgehammer cant do anything right even the weapon balance and hosting are bad too.  I want to like this game but for sure its a really bad game on par with Ghosts.  I bought on sale and now I kinda regret it.  FYI-dodging should be linked to the direction keys by double tapping if you're gonna dodge do it right.  The only boost ability that works in the double jump."
,Not Recommended,209650,21576389,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Duv,"""I find it sad that by not talking about who I sleep with, that makes me mysterious. There was a time when I would have been called a gentleman.""-Kevin Spacey"
,Not Recommended,209650,14887616,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,^1_Nerf?,"Sledgehammer Games, High Moon Studios, Raven Software I hoped you enjoyed my $60.00 but please use the right game engine"
,Not Recommended,209650,17823301,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,FinnishArmy,"I loved the game on console because there is players in every gamemode, but on pc, nope, only HTD or TD. All other gamemode NO PLAYERS NO PLAYERS.Pros:- Fun to play- Great gameplayCons:- No players- Waste of $60"
,Recommended,209650,16038486,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,rewgus,GOD LIKE
,Recommended,209650,21572817,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr. Apple,"Even though the game to me is a good game, I cant play multiplayer with any dlc maps because nobody else has them."
76561198131663191,Recommended,209650,16305647,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Zephyr,good game
,Recommended,209650,14535179,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,nv1b,I have fleas.
76561198062109123,Not Recommended,209650,16884990,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,semperFi,"single player was ok, not too bad not great either. multiplayer is absymal it is horrible. i did not like it. if your the one who enjoyed mw and mw2 multiplayer then you will definitely not like this one. id have to say, i do not recommend this game to anyone. shouldve bought gtav instead."
,Not Recommended,209650,13348219,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,FB||MaskedMan04,"Worst Call of Duty Ever why?Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,Glitchy,Laggy,GlitchyTHATS MY REVIEW."
76561198131184541,Not Recommended,209650,16869034,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,kfcjonny69,"Cant find a single damn game, i didnt buy this game to play bots , cant find a zombie server either what happened!!! this is bad. this could be my last call of duty purchase ever!!! this is BS sucks i cant be refunded on my game! I lost my passion for call of duty completely and i kmow others agree as well. Do not buy this game cuz nobody is playing it. If youre looking to play  whatever on this game message me"
76561198231466032,Not Recommended,209650,16568970,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,JOKER,whe  got it it had a blackscreen while playing and it is very difficult to enter a game
,Not Recommended,209650,16839300,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Old Man Fu,"Long review short... This game was quite fun when it first released on PC, however, the crazy lag in games and poor optimization was something to look out for. Now the main thing that should prevent you from buying this game is the hackers. The other things listed before still exist, just not as much, but the hackers... Oh my goodness!!"
,Recommended,209650,16881388,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,yung spaghetto,"I think I have uninstalled and then reinstalled this game so many times now that I can't count. I uninstall it because the game is terrible, but then I reinstall it because it's a Call of Duty title. And I love Call of Duty even though it may suck :p10/10 would install then uninstall again."
,Recommended,209650,16848766,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Death,"I like the game, however I don't like the fact that we have to wait a month after the new map pack comes out to get it. It should be made available to all platforms at the same time. I also don't like the fact that the new map packs are not placed in hard core when they come out, they should be placed in both soft core and hard core for those of us who do not play soft core. I also don't like the fact that XBox and PS4 get to buy advanced supply drops, if you make them available in one platform they need to be made available to all platforms.l"
76561198046163612,Not Recommended,209650,16849879,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,wtilghman13,People have no idea how to deal with thier customers!!
76561198047201096,Recommended,209650,16778267,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,A Man Has No Name,it says i get exo zombies and stuff but i didnt get it
76561198176246825,Recommended,209650,16787542,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Miniwee,Its an awesome game and i like it eventhough i can't seem to find ANY multiplayer matches except for exo zombies and exo survival... And would love to see purchasable advanced supply drops because of the lack of multiplayer games...
,Not Recommended,209650,16800873,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Scholar,"I bought the first week into it, beleiveing all the hype, Campaign was nice, maybe set me back six hours on hardend, didn't attempt on vetaran. Multiplayer was a diffrent story. Still doesnt have Dedicated servers. Everytime I jump back on, there's a hacker running around after two or three matches. I persoanlly dont reccomend. If you buy, you are buying for campaign and maybe zombies. Pick up on sale for 50% off or better."
76561198126485446,Not Recommended,209650,16802905,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,badluckchuck,"Save your money unless you really like playing campaign and zombies. The zombie segment of the game should be available by itself..it's that good. The multiplayer is plagued by horrible lag, ""rubber banding"" and hacking already. A good percentage of the time you don't see your opponent on the screen until the kill cam sequence.  It's really frustrating to play with any regard towards stats or doing well when it's easy to see it wasn't fair in the first place."
,Recommended,209650,16606997,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,|TurdyTree| Oteppers,20/10♥♥♥♥ off all the EXO haters out there :P
76561198202266693,Recommended,209650,17483186,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,LessAsianCanolaOil,"When i try to play Aw MP it comes up with a grey screen, but I still can see ammo exo ability and granade.Can i please have some help"
76561198018808268,Recommended,209650,17492101,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Baby Don't Cry,"Takes getting used to if your an old fav of call of duty, but  the exo suit does have some good points and bad poins in the jumping around the map."
76561198144411343,Not Recommended,209650,17492443,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Charlie Sheen,Bal of Duty: ASM1 Warfare.
,Recommended,209650,17724160,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,The Donald,Good graphics but not enough people play it because they all have potato computer
76561197983131478,Not Recommended,209650,26313737,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,loki1944,"Extremely unstable, very boring game-play. Do yourself a favor and watch the cut-scenes with Keven Spacey on youtube or something and save yourself the money."
76561198267749055,Recommended,209650,26976262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PrismKing,I bought this game without looking at the RAM required .  Oops... my pc only runs on 4 i need six ......
76561197991117504,Not Recommended,209650,17008014,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Killing-Spring,"The game keeps crashing, in singleplayer.And I have tryed every thing at i suggested on the internet, but nothing seems to fix it.So do not buy this game at full price if you want it, wait till it gets a descount."
76561198086658348,Not Recommended,209650,16296244,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,kissmepuppy,Gr8♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,14064855,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Recycle Bin,ya ok0/10
76561198026074759,Recommended,209650,26303502,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DaNy_ThE_DoG,It is really coolbutIf I have the gold edition...Why don´t I have all the guns and stuff unlocked?
76561198115575911,Not Recommended,209650,23606485,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,FoNucks,what a waste of flucking money! Havent been able to find a single multiplayer game! Do not buy this broken piece of shlit!AND NO SUPPORT FROM STEAM OR THE DEVOLOPERS. BROKEN SINCE DAY 1 AND I CANT GET A REFUND!. .!..(*_*)..!.
76561198063772079,Not Recommended,209650,19112087,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Samurai Jack,"i think that is the worst cod ever,1:this game is a pay to win2: you need to pay for the zombies3:exo is not funall what we want is an old school codso just don't buy this game"
76561198012379734,Recommended,209650,14460496,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pantzi,"Really fun game,but unfortunately,very few people play it. I really like the exo suit idea. It gives you extra capabilities,unlike the opinion of most people. The campaign is pretty good but the zombies gamemode is just to hard,not bad,hard. I believe that Treyarch has done a better job on that gamemode."
,Recommended,209650,23965063,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Keith C-R,"Great campaign, nonexistent multiplayer."
76561198126655834,Not Recommended,209650,14644200,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,majeed,"I love play without cheating and hate cheating in the game, because almost 90% Aoakthergch do not like The game I would not recommend one Bagtnaúha"
,Recommended,209650,24175262,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,richard21300448,Buggy as hell. But fun after all. Got locked in a level by a bug.
76561197967793729,Not Recommended,209650,24193334,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ICMP-34,They still haven't figured out how to make network/online play work properly.  Can't connect to online play and the error messages are worthless.  Don't buy.
76561198176537787,Recommended,209650,19421166,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vel'Koz Cuz Leeg,Good fun but with the need of a really good laptop.
,Not Recommended,209650,12796423,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GoofaTroopa,"Jump spin bounce simulator. The only place you will find peace is the campaign. Don't buy this game unless you're not very lost or only play Quake shooters. All in all, an overhyped waste of money."
,Not Recommended,209650,14076701,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,KriM 👽 Калашников,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible...
76561198170235610,Recommended,209650,18418533,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ANx9,You can find matches if you disable your map pack DLCs.
,Not Recommended,209650,14602631,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GuyDude,Note my time spent playing. The game isnt very well optimized and i get a headache from the lag while playing which is ridiculous because ive ran way better looking games with ease. I found it to be fun at first but got bored of it soon
,Recommended,209650,12880858,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ShadowLucifer,Eh it was alright MW 3 is still my favorite. Worth the buy though.
,Not Recommended,209650,22521599,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,dragon__fire,i pay 40£ on a game i want to get in a match on multiplayer after learning basic controls i try and 30 minutes later still in lobby 0/10
,Not Recommended,209650,22509323,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,JuanitoRotten,Can't mantain 60fps in open areas independently of settings and resolution with a 16GB i7 GTX980ti
76561198282766112,Not Recommended,209650,24150969,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,nickmurphy96,"Man, this is a great game for single player... But online I can only play Zombies... I wanna actually play TDM or other games... Anyone know how to fix?I heard its all a DLC thing?"
,Not Recommended,209650,22193866,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tasty,"this is great game. A great great game. BUT i bought the gold editon, and gave me the classic versionWHERE IS THE DLC! Season pass! i litrally spent extra money for nothing:(:(:(:(P.S im sorry for my spelling"
76561198017568286,Not Recommended,209650,24283686,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BattlefieldGhost,"Let's see, it was 59 bucks, at release, then 14.99 bucks for 4 dlc add ons.  Roughly 120 bucks U.S.  Now no games found and dlc are a mystery.If this game is still for sale, dont  purchase it.  It's a loser."
,Recommended,209650,24287356,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Speeerix,"This game is a bit better than COD : Black Ops 3 thats for sureReally like the Exo Zombies- easy, challenging and a bit frighteningMultiplayer- same as Ghosts suxCampaign- probably one of the best and most dynamic cod stories in history at least for me that is"
76561198007583635,Not Recommended,209650,15000251,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,~NBS~Sgt-O,"Without dedicated servers you will not get a consistant game play.  Ping match still exsist and you will lag if you have a good connection.  Servers are low grade.  This company is now all about the money and not quality gameplay.  Have been playing since COD 2 and have always enjoyed the game.  That's why I continued to support it, but no longer.  Waste of a 100 dollars, or should I say 300 dollars since the game has never been the same since World at War.  Concept is great but your anti cheat, support, servers and lack of response are somthing left to be desired.  PC gamers are ADULTS!!!  We do not want enjoy playing with a bunch of kids using racist and foul language that we cannot control."
76561198031447497,Recommended,209650,18848490,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sesshomaru,This is a fun COD. but I got to say that their graphical unstabilities even with a GTX980. otherwise is fun and the exo suit are a nice change to the gameplay style of regular FPS. Not to mention that their laggy servers and players ease of using hacks. is super lame.
,Not Recommended,209650,13276205,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Metal as F&#K,"Literally terrible. Performs horribly, and the EM1 is completely broken. I cant recommend."
76561198214644637,Not Recommended,209650,18207473,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Friendly Neighbourhood Pedophile,"bad story, boring zombies, annoying multiplayer (and there's no one playing it). gabe i want my money back  >:(2/10"
,Recommended,209650,15339312,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,omjegdørInatt,7/10
,Not Recommended,209650,29332622,Posted: 18 January,all,Alian Elsmer,"Just downloaded it again to play online because I thought I might give it another shot. Turns out there are about zero people, give or a take a few, who still play this online. It is impossible to find a match unless you invite your friends to play but let's be honest, who has any of them. Lately, I only install this game so when I get mad at a different, more fun, enjoyable game that still has a player base, I can have something to uninstall after I rage quit."
76561198144938619,Recommended,209650,30024414,Posted: 18 February,all,Sheeplord.22,its fun
,Not Recommended,209650,14875342,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ZaMuL,Omg this is such a good game to uninstall and say a waste of my money and say  you guys suck at making the gun stats you creators of the advanced warfare series :D
,Not Recommended,209650,15083552,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ugandan commando,Death of cod 0/10
,Not Recommended,209650,16255640,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Experiment S14,"Its nothing like the ""older"" games.I havent tried the exo zombies (sounds awesome) but the story mode and multiplayer mode sucks so bad...Exo skelets are awesome! (in movies...) But i think it destroys the game experience.Can't give you a recommendation :/"
76561198035504577,Recommended,209650,28992664,Posted: 3 January,all,Caligula,"A good game, in a futuristic style that is similar to Black Ops II (but still innovative).The campaign is cool: a well written, realistic (in the game's universe sense, not in real life sense of course) storyline with a lot of different machines/vehicles you will be allowed to control at least once throughout the campaign. Plus for the fans of the tv series ""House of Cards"",  actor Kevin Spacey features with a prominent role in the campaign.The multiplayer is of course still the standard COD recipe but with new, futuristic weapons and killstreaks. It can be anoying to find a game in multiplayer: lots of people experience the ""no games found"" problem, being unable to join games. I personnaly solved that problem by deactivating all DLC's  that I have (which were included freely with the game) except the Atlas Gorge map DLC; this allows me to find games at least in standard Team Deatmatches (haven't tried other modes yet).I don't know why so many people dislike this game but I like it a lot. If you are looking for a pure, present-day war game (thus not futuristic), I don't recommend you to buy it. But in case you like the COD franchise, and if you liked Black Ops II, this game is almost surely made for you. Make sure to look at videos of the game on YouTube before making any decision though, just to be sure."
,Recommended,209650,24284740,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Megabear163,"Campaign is very good. Exo-zombies is a good/fun challenge, but the weapons are pretty bad and emp is annoying. Exo-survival is fine. No player base in multiplayer. Somewhat poor graphics. Sensitivity slider has very limited options, can't get a good sensitivity I like."
,Not Recommended,209650,13561769,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Peetykay,"f this $hit, rip $100"
,Recommended,209650,14389493,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TheSuperStratos,Call of Titan 9/10
,Not Recommended,209650,28659550,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Black_Noongameister,"pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ idk why but the sensitivity is high AF and wont change, the gameplay is ehhhhh but it gets rly repetitive. just get Modern Warfare 1"
76561198063454653,Not Recommended,209650,17726317,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,odhan,"Classic CoD story, excellent.   I am running a amd 7850 videocard.  I had to turn all the graphics down just to get a playable frame rate.  On a postive note, it still looks good.   The zombie mode is fun.  I can't find a multiplayer game to join(not from lack of trying).Since multiplayer CoD is a major part of the game.  I can't recommend this game.Update 12/25/16I stil can't join a multiplayer game. No games availlable.  I really can't believe steam would accept this behavior.   Its borderline theft.  Only the Singleplayer works and zombies."
,Not Recommended,209650,28605211,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Thomas Wieferink,Multiplayer doesn't work at all thanks for letting me download 50gb and wait for 3 hours before i can begin playing you guys wasted my whole ♥♥♥♥ing day!
76561198114126227,Not Recommended,209650,27592104,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jswimtexas,LAME
,Recommended,209650,28085974,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bullet,"When you read all them reviews then you will fast see that Multiplayer is dead. Iself had the ""luck"" to not read it because i thrusted Call of Duty blind. So now i have it and  tryed it and can now say i was on different multiplayer modes and every single one was dead.But also when there be no people online i will recommend this game for all Zombie fans. I tryed today 3 times to play and all three times i had people online.  It is just the normal Multiplayer what is dead, and so i recommend this game in hope that more people come play. And maybe also friends. Then the game itself is good. Before you buy a Singleplayer game i still would buy this one earlier then here you have also Singleplayer, then the zombie mode, and if u have enough friends with this game you could make a own multiplayer Party!Now some pros and consPros:°cool new zombie mode with some new features°Grafic (and how u know it from other COD games advanced Grafic settings)°Sound°Guns and zombies°The modern technic you have in the gameplay~~~The game remember me a lil bit on Resident evil  ...but i be not rly sure should i put it in pro or cons, so i put it here in middle. I like it in one way that there is variety, but what i dislike is my feeling that the developer just copied other stuff.Cons:°Multiplayer is dead°Sometimes very long loading times like we know it from Black Ops 1 zombies°The Price  (I buyed it on sale, other i would'nt recommend it)"
76561198007508958,Not Recommended,209650,28166582,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Blackgaurd,"Got it cheap on sale, when activision decided to dump all of their games on the steam market.  I say dump for a reason, they put as little money and effort as possible into porting this and all of their ""newly"" released games on PC and did no optimization at all.  My pc far exceeds even the recommended specs for this game and i am getting consistently 10 fps, and at times less than 1, thats if it runs at all.  I would really like to complete the campaign as the story is interesting, and the gameplay, when it works, is fun."
76561198160349508,Recommended,209650,13655309,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sergi,"One of the Best Game of the Year 2014. Also due to modern Equipment, it makes this Game Purchase Worth. Exo Zombies is really great, and this Game has blown my mind away. Undoubtedly this Game is best COD."
,Not Recommended,209650,27982815,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sidox,Was quite nice at the beginning but nowadays there are not enough players to play with.
,Recommended,209650,17729729,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,アンダース / tropseN,I R8 IT 8 out of 8 M8. If i was to rate it from 0 to 10 i would say 10/10 must play again!
76561198072960611,Not Recommended,209650,28281893,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ophanim,"Intense Campaign, Nice survival mode, zombies are okay but you can get pretty frustrated with the exo zombies , multiplayer is dead, weapons feel nice though, guns are smooth. Movements feel pretty smooth too, it's hard to get used to the AI dodging your bullects by strafing left or right, would reccomend this game if it was boots on the ground. If you just want a futuristic game and to go shoot things, would reccomend though. Don't expect anything from the multiplayer though."
76561198077007652,Recommended,209650,23436924,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,☢I S R A N I U M☢,someone please join so i can have someone to play
76561198092829352,Not Recommended,209650,12855982,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dablife,"PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME, CANT EVEN RUN SINGLEPLAYER WITHOUT LAGGING AND CRASHING. FU COD"
76561198204678113,Recommended,209650,31106488,Posted: 12 April,all,ItsgunYT,overall a good game
,Not Recommended,209650,31186376,Posted: 16 April,all,ColbyJcK,"Story was okay.  Not worth the price though especially now that the multiplayer is dead.  I haven't been able to find a match online since 2 months after it's release.  Would not buy as of now for the price but if it ever drops down to around 10 dollars (which most likely won't happen), I'd definitely give the campaign a try.  5/10"
,Recommended,209650,30221057,Posted: 27 February,all,`GiGiHaDiD.DoTa,anyone still playing this game? cant play multiplayer
,Recommended,209650,31142133,Posted: 14 April,all,atticusriker,One of the funnest games I have ever played.
,Recommended,209650,24706902,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Brum,Exo Zombies <3
14210203119714970,Recommended,209650,17093823,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Help me,"I can't understand people, who don't like this game. It is not purfect, but I like it."
,Recommended,209650,31452975,Posted: 29 April,all,Zulakaria,♥♥♥♥ing amazign. 10/10 would smash again.
,Not Recommended,209650,31965889,Posted: 25 May,all,Xcaliber,Great game nice graphics its really good but there is never anyone to play online with. i got this game the day it came out and iv not even played a hour on it as all i want to do is play multiplayer and there is never anyone online playing this game like 0 people ! iv wasted 80 quid on this game :(
76561198087127659,Recommended,209650,31995400,Posted: 27 May,all,ApathyisAmbition,"Single player is fun but if you're buying to multiplayer, like I did, don't. Apparently the community is dead and you can't find any games. Open NAT and everything. Not a single one."
,Not Recommended,209650,17653330,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,AaronZaBaron,"Second Update: This game aged terribly. Uninstalled it because it became impossible to play online.UPDATE: So for those that are having ""No Game Found"" issues, literally all you have to do is disable the extra map DLC's. I know - it sucks, but it works. As soon as I did it, I was able to immediately connect to a game. Why is this? Because if you have the DLC's activated, it is going to consistently search for games where other players have the same exact DLC's as you. So, it makes the engine more difficult to find a game. I know, it sucks and Activision needs to fix it, but once you do this, the game is awesome all around!What do I like?The graphics are awesome, much better than previous Call of Duty games. So far it's not my most FAVORITE of the franchise, but it's good. I like the solo career and the cut scenes have crazy good CGI. The gameplay is fairly good. The guns are interesting.What do I not like?I can play ANY multiplayer game on my 15mbps down internet flawlessly with great ping time. This one? I can't even join to a server yet. They clearly did not budget for PC users on this one. I think they fully went Xbox One and PS4, which sucks. Once I can actually get connected to a game server, then I'll know how the multiplayer experience is. Until then, I can't say much other than I can't connect and that's a big no. And FYI, if you are a 21:9 monitor user, you will have an everlasting battle with this game. They did NOT make the resolution correct. When it is using native, it cuts a ton of the overall image off, which is very annoying because I'm not sure if i'm missing something or not. I'm having to play in 1920x1080, which is pretty much like a letter box and does not fill the left and right borders.So overal, I'm only recommending this game because at least it's good as far as gameplay, the downside is just the multiplayer servers, which I guess i'll figure out sooner or later, or just realize I wasted $60. Wish there was a ""eh"" between the ""Yes"" and ""No"" recommendation."
,Recommended,209650,14188127,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,GMassacre76,Super!
76561198100025944,Not Recommended,209650,32260765,Posted: 7 June,all,HairyBeast,only campaign is Amazing
,Not Recommended,209650,34547835,Posted: 28 August,all,Feud,It's kinda♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209650,19241105,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Longshot,"its a fun game.ill start out by saying that, its fun game.ill be short and to the point. its not worth buying. the campaign is great until the *HUGE PLOT TWIST THAT YOU DIDNT SEE AT THE TITLE SCREEN* which is about half the campaign, the second half is terrible.the multiplayer is fun but its not worth 60 dollars especially on pc."
,Not Recommended,209650,34554983,Posted: 28 August,all,Pickle Rick,"Can't play this game because of all the updates etc it lags the game and also makes it stutter alot more, i have the requirements that i need to be able to play this game, once i got this i were so excited to play the story mode and the multiplayer but :P its barely playable with lag stutters you name it, but obviously no one will care because this game were made in 3th november 2014 :I"
,Not Recommended,209650,13325418,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,BB Squadcar,Neill Blomkamp and Activision produce a game to go along with Blomkamp's movie.
76561198039274634,Not Recommended,209650,12851867,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,The Creepy Morty,bad game... really bad
,Not Recommended,209650,16566430,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chad,Horrible game.
,Recommended,209650,26119725,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,janissary,Not Bad
,Not Recommended,209650,12830982,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,pZyk /S/ <3,Absolute garbage.
76561198039561152,Recommended,209650,13144027,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Way too much hackers! Almost every lobby I join, theres a guy with aimbot using the laser guns! Please do something about it!"
,Not Recommended,209650,13101422,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Leevoh,Jetpacks won't save you from this purchase.
,Not Recommended,209650,16886965,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,chinese takeout,i regret buying this completelythis game is completely dead
,Not Recommended,209650,35352510,Posted: 30 September,all,KingYami,Just gives me a headache with how all the exo jumps launch you 50 ft in the air. The zombies is boring. I have yet to play the campaign.
,Recommended,209650,15060642,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DaddyPurnPurn,This game is really good
,Not Recommended,209650,28457477,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Nightmare!,"(mini-review)Call of Duty Advanced Warfare continues the Call of Duty series' decline into mediocrity. While most of the previous games in the CoD franchise have all had some sort of exceptional plot twist to validate the singleplayer campaign and gratify gamers, this title has no such blessing. When combined with a predictable villain, rote and obvious plot elements and poor characterization, CoD Advanced Warfare probably has one of the worst campaigns in franchise history. In exchange, gamers are provided with advanced doo dads that exceed the technology in BO II, including the much hyped exosuits. Unfortunately, the exosuits just comes across as a desperate attempt at milking Respawn Entertainment's Titanfall success. Not only does the exosuit fail to truly impact the game in the campaign, but it actually impairs the multiplayer, as most maps are built far too small and cramped to accommodate such tools. With a mediocre campaign and a comparatively weak multiplayer outing the game's only saving grace is its dramatically rebuilt graphics engine which produces fantastic visuals. Performance is also good with minimal crashes, glitches or errors.Still, a prettier but more vapid CoD is a game that was asked for by no one, ever. The title is worth picking up on the cheap if you can but isn't worth more than 10-15 bucks.***addendum*** While multiplayer was lively for about 1 year after the game's release, the online play is now effectively dead.  I can't really recommend a game that pushed a medicre campaign and staid, expiring multiplayer for over 60 dollars USD. ***6.5/10."
