user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198015691832,Recommended,210770,32634743,Posted: 21 June,all,Guan Yu,"Bought on a whim during a sale and it was the first non mainstream game I bought. Graphics were poor compared to what I was use to but overtime this game really grew on me, a great combination of FPS and tower defence makes this game challenging and extremely fun with friends. Each character has their own special abilities, every map has hidden items and secrets and all towers and perks are decent and great to try out. Achievements are easy enough and fun to get, DLC is required to unlock all achievements. Highly recommended buy at a 90% discount."
76561198072486950,Recommended,210770,15336049,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Guerthal,"Action? CheckReaction? CheckIntensity? CheckCool aliens to shoot and not feel bad about it? CheckNot having to clean up the dead bodies after a good workout? CheckMaze building (and I don't mean having 2-3 options, I mean the whole nine yard of options)? CheckLOADS of diversified weapons, perks and towers? CheckSadly this game lacks in terms of the sizy of its community, and that's about the only bad thing I can come up about this game.You like fast-paced FPS Shooters? You like Tower Defense? You like to be faced with increasingly difficult odds and to put your name on some relevant leaderboards (until they reset them, of course)? Then this game's for you.I'm doing my part eradicating these filthy alien scums... are you?"
,Recommended,210770,8826929,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,BlindObserver,"Have you ever played a Tower Defense game and, near the end of a wave, had this *one guy* manage to get past all of your various turrets amidst all of the blood and carnage? Of course you have. We've all been there. Don't you wish there was a way for you to kill him right before he got to your nice, shiny base?Welcome to Sanctum, where you can walk up to that guy and shove a rocket up his a** personally. And damn does it feel good doing it."
,Recommended,210770,38208,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Thor,"One could call this a reimagining of the original Sanctums run and gun tower defense gameplay.  For those who played the original changes include enemies that actively attack you if you get too close, walls are now low enough for towers to be able to shoot across multiple rows and also make it harder for you to avoid attacks. Most towers are air and ground now. Weapons are now split into classes, and you can only carry four tower types so as to encourage team-work.For new players and beginners, if you enjoy FPS combat and Tower Defense, then this is a great fusion of the two. Balance is perfect between towers and player weapons so as to ensure contribution from both. You also have the option of inviting three other friends for a chaotic good time of setting up towers and shooting monsters in the face."
,Recommended,210770,7755434,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sei Asagiri,"A great game, in my opinion. The design and concept are lovely, and I always enjoy smaller game companies. I used to adore tower defense games in my earlier years, but after I discovered Steam, I started to drift away from the tower defense games I'd play online. I started to play more FPS-Type games such as Gmod, Half-Life 2, and TF2. One day I closed a steam game, and was greeted with the exciting sight of a steam news window. Scrolling through it, I came across a ""newly released"" page featuring Sanctum 2. All I remember was that the picture had Skye on it, and I thought ""Oh, this is interesting character design. I'll check this out."" (Yes, I'm a sucker for gingers.) So I watched the trailer, then eagerly waited for the demo to download. I bought the full game shortly after clearing the demo, and I was not disappointed.A note for those with less-than-behemoth GPU's, since the creators don't have a huge amount of resources availible, they don't have all that much spare time for graphical optimization, so it may get a bit choppy with the higher settings.TL;DR: Cute gingers, strong female characters, perfect genre (For me, at least.) And shiny art style. 11/10 would buy again.A bit of an edit: No, this isn't a full serious review, there's a lot more that I didn't add, such as  the great loadout system, fun enemy types, and how the devs are really responsive to the community.And of course, most importantly, there is a difference between gingers and redheads. Lyralei can confirm this."
76561198087794419,Recommended,210770,21565542,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you wanted enjoy wave based FPS & Tower Defend Gamer*No, if you're looking for Adventure / Role-Playing GamerGAME IMPRESSION:First 2 hours, the actual gameplay is better than trailer!After 5 hours, addictive!After 8 hours, i wanted continue!After 11 hours, new perks!COMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 13 hours*Leisure play style: Around 33 hours+*Each stage of playing: 20-40 minutesSTORY CATCH-UP:( _ ) Require long hours to catch-up the story( _ ) In-game provide story journal, for who have very short time to play( _ ) Allow to revise cut-scenes / pre sequel video( _ ) Require memorize the locations, character, events, to enjoy the game( ✔ ) Without understand the story, still enjoyableGAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( ✔ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( _ ) Not adjustable( ✔ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( ✔ ) Unlockable loadout / Startup customization( ✔ ) Set higher difficult to increase reward( _ ) Penalty if objective failed / death( _ ) No hints / GuidelineMAIN FEATURES:( _ ) Online Player versus Player( _ ) Online Deathmatch Bots( ✔ ) Online Cooperative( ✔ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( _ ) Online Daily / Weekly / Monthly Challenges( ✔ ) Player Looks Customization (DLC)( _ ) Player Body Customization( _ ) Unlockable more Looks( ✔ ) Unlockable Perks / Ability / Skill( _ ) Unlockable Weapon Upgrades( _ ) Unlockable Artworks / NPC Models / Codex( _ ) Unlockable Emblem / Badge( _ ) Earn something to buy more upgrade( ✔ ) Linear Storyline( _ ) Alternate Ending( ✔ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( ✔ ) Random loots/npc/map/opponent selected( _ ) Photo Mode( ✔ ) Endless Mode (Wave Survival)( ✔ ) Sandbox Mode (Test unlimited resources)( _ ) Statistic Progression( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( _ ) Open World (Fast Travel)( _ ) Provided Vehicle to Travel( _ ) Puzzle Solving( ✔ ) Hidden / Collectible Items( _ ) Stealth play( _ ) Violence Killing( _ ) Crafting( _ ) Side Quest( ✔ ) Massive Exploration Areas( _ ) Adult Content( _ ) Mod Support( ✔ ) Steam Achievements (total: 50)( ✔ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud Save( _ ) Steam Tradable / Marketable item drop( _ ) Provide Multiple Slot to Save( _ ) Valve-Anti-Cheat System( ✔ ) Controller Support( _ ) VR SupportMULTIPLAYER FEATURES:( ✔ ) Server Filter( _ ) Maps > 2( _ ) Maps > 5( ✔ ) Maps > 10( ✔ ) Quick levelup( _ ) Slow levelupONLINE POPULATION:( _ ) >20 weekday >100 weekend( ✔ ) >5 weekday >10 weekend( _ ) >1 weekday >3 weekend( _ ) 0 weekday 0 weekend( _ ) Online is imbalance( _ ) Online has many irritated people( _ ) Online is fun, but preferably offline( _ ) Online is empty, have to play offlineLIKES:+Exciting wave based FPS+Unlimited upgrade for tower!+A lot of perks to unlock!+Interesting tower & perk made a lot choice of playing style+Enemy has weak spot+Variety creature behaviour+Variety fantasy maps+Survival Mode, Sandbox Mode & More+Hidden secrets & mines+Games in the game+Possible to do triple jump+Allow to change character in each level+Allow to reload ammo while switching to other weapon!+Replayability for new defence tactic+Share credits with friends!+Very good coop mode in multiplayers+Chatting text with friend will convert to speech (no need mic)+Massive difficult range+Good replayability+In coop mode, optional to play without building+Fun combination tower building tactic+Beautiful music everywhere!DISLIKES:-Need restart game to change playing open public or private-No more reward after maximum rank-Weapon impact effect is too dull!-Wait for loading to change game setting each play-Limited costume-Comic story presentation have no speechQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2013)ACinematicCContents VolumeA+ArtisticA+Level DesignA+Combat TacticA+Sound & MusicALively AnimatedBRealistic EffectsC+Online ValueAReplay ValueABug-FreeAOverallAWORTH BUYING:( ✔ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( _ ) Yes, but too expensive( _ ) No, this game have no further improve( _ ) No, because i didn't know the value of this gameWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( ✔ ) Yes, base game + Season Pass (all DLC)( _ ) No, DLC is different value( _ ) No DLC( _ ) DLC is includedBEST DISCOUNT:80% off, since March 2016http://store.steampowered.com/app/210770/Sanctum_2/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbUkZM7UM2Y*Game File Size: 4.6GB"
76561198087231789,Recommended,210770,14089828,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Zelteros,"Best Weakspots Ever.No longer do we have to go around blasting off boring old heads, in this game AIM FOR THEIR♥♥♥♥♥!! Glowing orange butts that you get damage bonuses for penetrating with your powerful arsenal.10/10 Would penetrate again."
76561198000542470,Recommended,210770,1979815,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Migz - DH,"This is a pretty entertaing solo or co-op Tower-defense/shooter game.It has a lot of the same fun things going for it that Orcs Must Die! 2 has but it's more serious than OMD!2 is.  I think it's pretty good if you're interested in that sort of play.  With all four DLC, it has well over 40 hours of puzzle-solving and exploration before the game devolves into grinding for Survival times.Sanctum 2's solo and co-op gameplay is an evolutionary step away from Sanctum 1.  The primary differences are in scale and player utility.  That is, the scale is more intimate (close and smaller) while the player characters are specialized for certain utilities (sniper vs. AOE vs. close-range).Although it's still a Tower-Defense game blended with FPS elements, they philosophically moved away from how the first game worked:'dozens of weak towers to kill most of the Lumes while the player focuses on a few key enemy-types'.... towards'a dozen-ish strong towers which kill about one-half of the Lumes while the player uses special abilities to either help the towers take down all of the Lumes or kill special ones'.Rather than every player being exactly the same, now there are four (five if you have the first DLC) different character classes to choose between who have different specializatons (such as sniper, rocketeer, soldier, and close-quarters).The developer is very open to changing the game in ways the vocal fan-base seem to want it.  When S2 first launched, it received positive reviews by critics, but many fans of the original vocally didn't like it, because it had changed quite a bit from the S1.  Since then, the developer has modified the game to mollify the fans (allowing 15 towers per map instead of 10 like at launch, as well as other changes).The developer is also continuing to add features free of additional charge such as the server browser for co-op players.Lastly, I just finished the final DLC today, and I really liked it.  All four sets were well done: a good mix of interesting locations and enemies; a solid difficulty; and a good sense of satisfaction after winning some tough fights.(Updated 15 Dec to account for final DLC release)"
76561198048587276,Recommended,210770,12059066,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"Sanctum does look impressive, visually. The white laboratory theme from the first Sanctum is only a small portion of the sequel, with outside environments making up most of the campaign levels. Many of the enemies are carried over from the first game and look pretty much the same. The sound design is excellent, with great weapon sounds and music that sets the science-fiction atmosphere incredibly well. It isn't quite as much tower defense as fans of the first game would probably hope for, since more of the emphasis this time around is placed on the first-person shooting element. It also hides way too much information from the player, leading to a lot of guess-and-check strategies. The game remains a refreshing hybrid of genres, however, and many of the frustrations temporarily wash away as you lay witness to the last enemy in the last wave die, proving that your strategic planning and accurate shooting have paid off."
,Recommended,210770,17218228,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Zeemond,"Sanctum 2 picks up where the first one left, More intencity, more focus on combat, towers are more like the second part of combat rather than you being their support like in the first one.The adition of ranks/levels to unlock guns and towers is a nice adition, ane perks, thanks the gods for perks. Being able to customize your playstyle even further is a godsend!Only good words for sanctum 2, i was a big fan and worked hard to clear stuff on hardest solo on the first one, now i will prolly do the same here too!so in short: more intence, more brutal, more strategic, and there is a story this time around!"
76561198064632367,Recommended,210770,23302332,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,CyberneticGentleman,Pros:+ Great with friends+ Great with strangers+ Unlockable skills allow for creating unique play styles+ Microsoft Sam for chat+ GIBS+ TD elements aren't just tacked on; strategy is needed to succeed+ Crits galore+ Varied enemies+ Online community isn't a bunch of tryhardsCons:- Single player = masochism- Steep difficulty curve- No voice chat- Armored enemies are a painStop reading this review and buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Recommended,210770,22723623,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"8.5/10 - Action Packed Tower Defense on Steroids!I really dig this game! It's tower defense unlike any other. You assume a first person shooter role and actively defend the paths you create. Best played with friends online, multiplayer does work so expect others to join in on the fun! There are several characters to choose from and a plethora of large, interesting maps/levels to play. Your excitement and stress levels will peak in this one!I'm most impressed with the hybrid implementation in this game; it’s a perfect blend of FPS and strategic tower defense. I always find players online that are willing to join in and help defend against the treacherous aliens. In my opinion this game exceeds the original game; it's extremely active, controls and game play are more fluid and enjoyable. This one has a pretty high replay value for sure.Worth $10; I usually see on sale so wait for that. Add me! I'll play anytime!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
76561197962657563,Not Recommended,210770,12295018,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Drat,"I dislike this game as a tower defense game because it isn't.  A few maps are heavily dependent upon towers at easier difficulties but you quickly discover that the right combination of character and weapon can do more damage than all your towers combined, and hard mode is designed with this in mind.   There are some levels where you can do 90% of the total damage done and still lose the round.  And then the designers start trying to achieve greater difficulty by throwing in enemies that are 100% immune to towers, and then gimmicky enemies that towers stop targetting and then they return to 100% health if you don't kill them by yourself fast enough.The worst part is that they have all the elements for perfection.  Their map design is really creative but then they only give you a  few walls and towers to work with, leaving you feeling like a kid drooling at the lego box for the Millenium Falcon but then looking down at your hand and realizing you only have a dozen blocks to work with. When you only have 2 towers going into round four and maybe 5 or 6 towers going into the final round, there's not much stategy. The game would be more more fun if you were given far more walls and towers and the outcome were determined more by your maze building and tower placement skills, rather than picking the right weapons and perks and then showing off on youtube by killing all the enemies without even bothering to build your token towers.I thought this would be less of a problem in survival mode but there is no true survival mode.  Survival is just normal mode with the normal waves but it repeats after the last wave and just boosts the health, speed, and regen of enemies by a LOT.  So rather than being a mode where you can try to build the perfect setup and then see how many waves of every increasing monsters you can last through, you're instead just left with another form of hard mode that lasts maybe two or three times as long as normal.I've never seen a game be SO close to perfection and then just ruin it with poor design choices.  But if you like PVE FPS then I do still recommend this game for you.  Just don't expect much tower strategy in hard mode or you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,210770,11056634,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,BystanderEffect,"Sanctum 2: A ReviewYou might be wondering, why am I reviewing it now, why not 6 months ago, or even when it came out? The simple truth is this. Sanctum 2 has been out for a little more than a year now and in that time the game itself has gone though many changes. So much so that it is hardly the game it was whence it first arrived on the market. Sure it's always been a FPS/tower defence, but in such a different way than when it was first released that a whopping 3 whole days after it's release, the Devs released a patch that set in motion the game you see before you today.Now, your time is precious, and I understand that, so for those looking for just the short answer to the question: ""Should I buy this game?"" That answer is, unequivocally, and without a doubt in my mind, wholeheartedly, seriously why haven't you just pushed the add to cart button and checked out already?!?!For those of you who are of the more discerning...Steam...Steam-inites? Steam-ies? What suffix do we use to classify the people of our wonderful Steam Community? Hmm I wonder... In any case, for those of you wanting to be convinced, there are several reasons why this is the game for you, your mother, your brother's dog, and that pen-pal Geoffrey who you wrote to and exchanged letters with in primary school from Uzbeki-beki-stan-stan, that always said he was going to come visit, but never really had the means to do so; still it was nice to see someone from the other side of the planet and who had just as many gramatical and spelling errors in their writings as third grade you did back in the day. Yeah, remember Geoffrey? Well even though he wont be visiting ""Amerika"", he probably now plays this game and if you play this game too, the both of you have the option of text to speech chat! Ah yes, you heard me correctly, TEXT. TO. SPEECH. In an almost Stephen Hawking like manner (until you select your character that is), you can wow the masses with literal pronunciations of the written English language which is always good for a laugh, but terrible for poor old Geoffrey who's been desperately trying to learn how to pronounce words that he couldn't learn from his Speak&Spell.""Ok, so what's so great about that"", you ask as you feel so very smug in your smug chair, wearing your smug bathrobe, listening to smug jazz, sipping your imported smugness coffee/tea/caffinated beverage, and occasionally adjusting your monocle...smuggly. Listen here Smuggy, have you ever heard Stephen Hawking sing the theme to the A-Team? No, you haven't? WELL I HAVE. And this game has let me do that, it sounded much like I thought it would if Stephen Hawking were part of the A-Team. ""Big deal"", you say? Well a little known fact about Stephen Hawking is that he has relatives, that's right, relatives! And whether they're actually related or not there's a player here in our very own Steam Community who goes by the very similar name of Tiger Hawkins.*(Flashback)*Long ago, in a galaxy far far away... he very bravely (and without the use of right pinky) fought off hordes of Lumes (the game's monsters) in a Survival challenge set forth by the Developers in Sanctum 1 with the promise of everlasting fame, fortune, and imortalization within their games. Alone on the battle field his war raged on, until finally, he cleared the threshold of damage being able to be dealt and beat the Devs at their own game! (Actually he just survived the most waves out of anyone...ever) He was imortalized in both games just as the Devs had promised, and he lived happily ever after.*(End Flashback)*Feel like the game has been out far too long for you to bandwagon onto? Not a chance! With every new Steam sale, a horde of eager beavers, not unlike yourself, flood through the gates of Elysion One Core Guardian training grounds and look like a bunch of fools until someone with a little more knowhow plays a map with you and corrects the error of your ways. To which you feel a little butt-hurt about it and you go off and play single player for a while until you realize that ""HOLY CRAP, THIS ISN'T LIKE OTHER FPS GAMES IN WHICH THE ONLINE COMMUNITY IS JUST FULL OF RUDE ASSHATS AND TROLLS, AND THEY WERE JUST TRYING TO HELP ME LEARN!!!!"" (*cough* sorry, accidental capslock and whatnot)Seriously, the co-op community in Sanctum 2 is very quick to come to the defense of someone who is 1.) New. 2.) Under Attack. or 3.) Being yelled by someone who they themselves aren't pulling their own weight.Want to be UBER L33T 360 NOSCOPE 420BLAZE-IT and go charging in head first, not a care in the world, complete disregard for your own safety for the sake of your own team mates? Go right ahead, so long as you have the right perks equiped. ""Wait a minute, there's perks too?"" Yes, there are. There are TONS of them, and you get to pick a few per map to help customize your own play style. Don't feel as though you need to be the guy mentioned above as you would rather spend your time building a map so that your towers do all the hard work? Sure, that's possible too! Find that you're at neither extreme and would like to join the rest of us under the Bell-curve? Great, see you there! *high five*Character skins, DLC maps, guns, perks, DEATH, Sanctum two has it all! But wait, order now in the next immediate time frame and CoffeeStain studios will supersize your order by throwing in their trademark easter eggs! Ever wanted to occupy your character with some rad-arcade-gaming action while you wait for your online friends to decide whether to upgrade this tower over here, or that one over there? BOOM! Wish granted! There are game stations that you can find in game maps that will allow you to play games within the game! Game-ception! (Except that I really hate this trend of adding ""ception"" to anything that happens within itself. Yes the movie started it all, but the title when way over your heads. Inception, was what it was called because of the plot point of planting the seed of an idea, not because they needed to go 12 billion layers deep! Whatever, Game-ception!)If that last point hasn't convinced you then there's not so much more I can do to convince you other than letting you know that this game has a super chill soundtrack, significant amounts of replay-ability, and you get to shoot things in the face/back/butt/weakspot, causes you to think and then punishes you for making bad decisions, and when you finally manage to beat it, you enable the Feats of Strength, and relearn every single mechanic the game has with expert precision, timing, and bragging rights per wave when the MVP status is awarded.Buy the game.Buy the DLC.And maybe, just maybe, this wonderful game will reunite you with Geoffrey."
,Recommended,210770,32653864,Posted: 22 June,all,Bullet Time,"An old strategy game that need to be played with friends, so funny and recommended.It will hook you for 10-15 hours until the game end, and if you don't have enough, you can got the DLCs really cheap.""9/10"""
76561198050750789,Recommended,210770,12592779,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,i loved this game and i addicted it as much- Make a Good Maze .- Build a Good Towers And Overcharge them.- You should  pick up some good perks to beat the map > *it depends on maps*- Shoot Enemies in the Red area to give more Damage to them .- Sometimes Use Your long range Weapons to survive long enough with Some Maps- Watch out flies if you Got hurt by them you run slowly.- Buy DLC'S < They Are so Sweet.- Here You Gooooo !!!!-musics in some maps are another world :) just amazing- If You Feel The game Too easy for you  Then try to Enable 5 Feats Of Strength.-i don't Like Much Playing Strategy and Tactic Games but With This One  i Really enjoyed <310 / 10 from me ^^! .
,Not Recommended,210770,7965093,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,shard227,"I can't think of a game that I looked foreward to more then Sanctum 2.  My friends and I absolutly loved the first sanctum game and were all pumped as hell for the second installment.  So you can also imagine our dissapointment when we discovered that the game that had a beatuful balance of TD and FPS had been transformed into what felt like a Call of Duty clone(ranking up and heavy reliance on your guns).  Towers felt weak as hell and even the guns didnt seem to be as good as they used to be.  Resources were also limited as  and the way they were given out was downright moronic and limiting.  While I have heard that some issues have been fixed, I honestly dont care.  To me and my friends this game is terrible at its fore and  the ammount of pure betrayal that  we felt upon playing this game made us unistall it 4 hours after downloading it.If you like pure shooters then you might get more enjoyment out of this game then we did, however if you enjoy interesting tower defense games then you'd probably be better off avoiding this game and buying the original instead."
,Recommended,210770,13518339,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Andr,"Sanctum 2 is my very first Tower Defense game and I have fallen in love with Tower Defense games ever since^^. This game is a must have in you library if you ever love TD games. Its really fun to play with friends and I've made some great friends online and thankful for helping me with the achievements. The graphics and the environment are just amazing, it has a beautiful scenery and a background musics. I can't explain how awesome this game is :)"
76561197972047062,Recommended,210770,31267088,Posted: 20 April,all,Dubstone,Bought the game (complete) 80% off... couldnt have made a better deal!would buy the normal version for 15€ again. still having lots of fun and planning on playing it a lot more.
,Recommended,210770,18917850,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,+f0r3v3r+,"I haven't ever played in the Tower Defense genre, but the idea of a FPS hybrid made me curious.For sure, it was different then I had imagined when originally checking out the game, but in a good way.Alien environments with a nice combination of FPS and Tower Defense gameplay, as advertised.I don't know if it is something I would ever go at alone, but with friends it was amazing.If you like games that rely heavily on team coordination and want something you can co-op with your friends, then this game is worth checking out.The overall concept is really great, in my opinion, and the visuals are nice on the eyes compared to the urban environments I usually find myself in."
76561198009934104,Recommended,210770,25675174,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,bholt3,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. Playing with friends or alone, the game play was always fun. I'm a big fan of tower defense (ever since Warcraft 3 mods), and the FPS element keeps it even more involved and interesting. I played the first Sanctum quite a bit as well, and this one is a great upgrade. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,210770,26398685,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,4Forces | .throzeN!`,"(I did buy this game and didn't receive it for free, actually Steam. Thank you very much. -_- )I love Sanctum 2. It's the perfect game for somebody like me. Are you like me? Let's find out!- The graphics are beautiful without trying too hard to be flash.- It incorporates so many different modes and styles - FPS, tower defense, strategy, horde/wave survival.- 4 player co-op is excellent, with everybody bringing something useful to the table.- The variety of guns, perks and equipment enable unending variations and the chance for plenty of experimentation.- Great gory gibbage at appropriate times.- It's a little over £10. Some recent releases are £59.99....- The soundtrack is beautiful - especially Skye's theme. If you purchase it, to play in the background, it adds an oddly harmonic, relaxing mood to killing swarms of grotesque monsters.Cons? Uhmm... uhh... well... I got nothing. Buy it."
,Recommended,210770,32706027,Posted: 23 June,all,Frankie,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. I love it so much. A beautiful mix of an action pack first person shooter and the strategy of a tower defense. The graphics are great and the controls are great, everything about this game is great.P.S. These are from the creators of Goat Simulator which surprised me a lot."
,Recommended,210770,24229320,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Puggy Devito,"This is by far one of the best and most fun experiences I've had. There's a certain magic to this game that brings people together. Some of my best memories were playing this game with people I've never met and having a blast making our way through all the missions. But enough with my sentiment for this game let's see what's good about it.This is the sequel to the world's first FPS Tower Defense hybrid and it definitely shows. there's way more content than the previous one could even dream of having. More enemies, more customization with an all new perks system, weapons and towers, and classes each with special abilities. Also, it has a lot more maps and an actual story with some hidden backstory. It even features maps from the original Sanctum.The multiplayer is by far the best part of this game and is what kept me coming back for more. The community is so nice, I have never come across anyone toxic. Even if I would mess up they'd give me feedback to improve my game and not make that mistake again. The community is always friendly towards newcomers, and will not hesitate to answer questions to help you get better.The maps seem small, but are so much bigger than they look with secrets everywhere, places to explore and mines to help you out so that finding the secrets aren't so pointless. With cool areas to explore, arcade machines with games, and codes that can be entered on a site to get more backstory, pretty much every level is hiding something.There are very few flaws with this game, but not every game is perfect. First of all, when you get into higher level play with added difficulty, there seems to be very little freedom with setups to use, despite the vast amount of customizability. But the levels are still fun to do regardless. Also, this isn't a game that is meant for soloers. The game is very unforgiving later on in high level play, and you have to mostly rely on your towers to do damage and you just simply don't get enough resources solo to do it alone, but finding people shouldn't be a problem with the great community. Also, this game does use text to speech. it is a hilarious tool that has made me laugh many times. It features commands to alter your voice, and you can even sing songs with it!Like most indie games, it goes on sale often so I would reccommend picking it up along with all the DLCs. it is an addicting game with much fun to be had, many levels to explore, and conquer. With an amazing community  to back you up along the way. I would reccommend it even if it wasn't on sale simply because it's that good. If this isn't reason enough to pick this game up I don't know what is. Just pick this game up and give it a go, I promise it's well worth it."
,Recommended,210770,34251515,Posted: 15 August,all,7ames,Can not recommend this game enough! Makes you think when making the Mazes for the enemies to pass through and keeps you on your toes as you need to fight when the wave comes. Art is beautiful and well rendered. Lots of secrets to explore. Just overall a good game that you can play with a few friends. 10/10 first game I ever wanted to get all achievements in.
,Recommended,210770,12536723,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Nova A. Terra,"Sanctum 2 is just amazing, even better then the original. Combining First Person Shooters and Tower Defence into one was an amazing idea, but giving it a bigger storyline and more in-depth characters just made it so much better. The DLC's for Sanctum 2 just add to an already amazing story. With it's up to 4 player co-op, perk system and vast array of weapons, it really made me want to just keep playing it. The only things that drags it down are the limited amount of towers, only three tiers for towers and the lack of upgradeable weapons. Strongly suggested for people who greatly enjoyed the original."
,Recommended,210770,29505272,Posted: 26 January,all,PokStor,"Sanctum 2 is an all-round fun FPS and tower defense game, with difficult enemy encounters and dazzling game-play, even if a little lacking.Fun game overall."
76561198150929808,Recommended,210770,33939469,Posted: 31 July,all,steven.taylor,"This game rocks. It has been by far best value of cost-per-hours played for me. It is a cool blend of tower defense and FPS. It's not just blasting enemies, there is strategy and planning. The challenges and feats of strength in the game offer a great variety of difficulty. And the slew of weapons and perks make for a wide variety of builds. Awesome. I can only hope for Sanctum 3 :)"
,Recommended,210770,27549289,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Junknugget,"Vastly underrated. Might not be a huge, stand-out game that you rave to your friends about, but I promise: you will dream about building mazes."
,Recommended,210770,23049110,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Traceur,"Fantastic. Graphics hold up very nicely, perfect combo of action, strategy and teamwork"
76561197995167011,Recommended,210770,29730816,Posted: 5 February,all,The Demon Cleaner,"MAKE SANCTUM 3!!!!! NOT more goat simulators!!! I'll pay you!!Love this concept and FPS/RTS hybrids, just wish they'd make more for single player and not MP only.UE4 engine is out and very pretty.... coffee stain....?"
,Recommended,210770,28322647,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"The original Sanctum was a cool game, even if it was kind of a mess. you placed towers atop walls, but the walls were so high up that you needed elevators to get up on top of them, so battles were largely either centralized at one spot atop the wall, or standing down inside your maze you built, armed with the game's somewhat poor weapon selection. Some of this might sound confusing if you don't know about Sanctum or Sanctum 2, but I'll explain a bit more. In short, though, the first game, though  pretty good for the time, is completely outclassed by its sequel, to the point of shelving it forever, in my opinion.Sanctum 2 is a tower defense...and a co-op first person shooter, but a tower defense game at its heart. You can choose between 4 characters (5 with DLC) with different weapons and bonuses, and each can choose other weapons and you can equip a few little bonuses that make a big difference in the game. You fight from a first person combat perspective with guns, but it's a tower defense game over all. You place walls that are low enough you can jump on top of them easily, the enemy can't pass over them (except flying enemies), you build mazes/paths to make it take longer for the enemies to get to the core (glowy thing you're trying to protect), and place towers atop the walls that will have the most time/opportunity to kill lots of baddies.In regard to the weaponry and towers, there are a bunch of weapons to choose from for combat, with quite a few of them being pretty good, and there are a lot of different types of towers. It's honestly surprising how many of them were actually good as well. You've got everything from super-powerful flying-unit-only towers to ground-only area of effect towers to towers that make mines you can manually lay out to devastate enemies, to single shot towers that deal positively insane damage across nearly the entire map...but they take forever to rearm. It's great just how many choices there are, and how many of them are actually quite good for various maps and enemies in the game.The story exists. It's okay, though nothing amazing. The story is presented in silent (no voice acting) comic-style panels before each mission. Technically, you need the two DLCs to get the rest of the story, but honestly, this is one of those games where story isn't a big deal, and very little happens plot-wise in the DLC.The graphics are nice enough with a pretty sci-fi asthetic, though humans look kinda...weird. Luckily, there aren't many of them. The music is very peaceful, ""airy"" stuff and nice to listen to while building your maze and placing your towers. There's also one of those fun digital voices you can do text-to-speech with in multiplayer, and that's good for laughs no matter how long you've seen/heard it. This game is fun alone or with friends, and I highly recommend it."
76561197977972477,Recommended,210770,13132820,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Prince Daimao,"Awesome game. Great concept, but I feel it is not optimized. It feels laggy on most Notebooks for a game with not that great of graphics. Different. Good for a change of the normal FPS or Tower Defense games. Buy it if it is less than 5 bucks!"
,Recommended,210770,21032172,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mantra,Simply unique. Requires extremely good teamplay at max difficulty. Payday 2 and Rainbow 6 Siege are easy compared to this.
,Recommended,210770,23793997,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,blackarcher,"only played for a short while, but can already see my social life going to hell"
,Recommended,210770,9791256,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,ONra,"Originaldefense the tower + FPS + great weapons + excellent music + awesome animation = 8.5/10 .yeah!, i like this game.8.5/10Update (30/oct/15)I have reinstalled this videogame, still so much fun, great game. I definitely I'll change my rate to 9/10.9/10"
,Recommended,210770,11617155,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Very well-implemented blend of FPS and Tower Defense+ Good variety of towers that felt well-balanced and purposeful+ Plethora of unlockables that go hand-in-hand with a simple experience/leveling system+ Larger variety of weapons than what I was expecting, though you can't change your primary until much later in the game+ Audio and visual quality were both satisfactory+ Very well optimized game+ Multiplayer co-op was very well done, and adds more replay value to the game- Some levels can be inordinately difficult, even with other players- In all levels, allocated resources are SLIM; often this adds to the challenge, but more often it will make you pull your hair out (Looking at you, CANOPY)LockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,210770,12979660,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mickhero,"Sanctum 2 is a very original uniqe blend of a First Person Shooter and a Tower Defense game.Before each round you take time to construct/upgrade defensive towers, paths and then protect your energy cores from the hordes of different enemies until the round is over.Along with the large selection of defensive towers that can be placed, you also have a nice selection of load outs and character perks to choose from.Desite also being a indie game this really does shine with it gameplay, artstyle and excellent asking price of $15.The game is best played with friends and Steam offers a very reasonable price on the 4-pack, which is a good idea for anyone wanting to play with friends."
,Recommended,210770,27679960,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AdventurerIX,"All time favorite in tower defense games, with a the shooter aspect added to the game this is so enjoyable"
76561198306416373,Recommended,210770,33041370,Posted: 30 June,all,Niugil,"This game is really, really fun... let me repeat that: you wont get bored, not for a second.It has the best of both worlds, you will be able to be smart and creative, bulding your towers corridor, but you will also get an adrenaline rush running among the creatures and shooting at them, where you also have to be very creative. It is not an easy game, and many times you will get frustrated for how dificult it may become, but hat is part of its charm, I have restared levels more than 10 times, even after I have just said: no more! guess what... yes, a lot more.The multiplayer is also very good, and there is a lot of people playing it, which makes it more fun.My only complain is that, after +50 hours my experience levels doesnt goes up any more, there is a limit of level 50 after all DLCs have been installed, I hope the devs bring more content to this jewel."
76561198056837040,Recommended,210770,19466930,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SamSimon,"Sanctum 2 is a nice Tower Defense / First Person Shooter mix. It is good fun, especially if played with friends (up to four). It's good to discuss strategies, and you can build effective teams by choosing wisely the various characters and their abilities and guns. You level up as you play, and you discover new ways to horribly murder the various horrible monsters that the game vomits against you.If you find the game too easy for your taste, you can add ""feats of strength"" to increase the difficulty level. This also gives the game good replay value (together with its DLC/Season Pass!). Recommended! :--)"
,Recommended,210770,31311937,Posted: 22 April,all,smashing_glass_man,"Very interesting core idea to base a game around, and I must say, they've done quite well.All the fun of an FPS, with all of the tactics of your regular tower defense game.All in all, its awesome-sauce, the only ""issue"" I've encountered is other players are hard to understand when they use the mike. VERY garbled. (Just press ""T"" to type chat)10/10(Definitely pick up the DLC if its on sale)"
,Recommended,210770,32334871,Posted: 10 June,all,BoomboxPrime,This is one of the most enjoyable games I have played. First person tower defense shooter...killing big monsters. Amazing weapons. Great soundtrack. Best with friends and 5 feats!
,Recommended,210770,9789651,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,tieio,"It's simple and it's fun, this is a game I recommend to anyone who enoys tower defense, especially when you catch it on sale."
,Recommended,210770,31796116,Posted: 16 May,all,Lord Xamon,Please do Sanctum 3.
76561198134547050,Recommended,210770,30670526,Posted: 22 March,all,sweetot123,I can finally take my rage out on the enemies that breeze past all my turrets.10/10 IGN
,Recommended,210770,13406710,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Zero ︻╦≓═一,"Its on sale now, just get it if you didn't already.worth full price though, 3$ is a giveaway.FPS with Tower defense and strategy elements, amazingly implemented, its kind of its own.Great graphics, Sold gameplay, nice shooting, good enemies and huge bosses.Try to play it with a friend, Co Op is really fun. works very well within steam system.Sanctum 2 Complete Pack is recommended.Just before you buy it, I advise you to see some gameplay video, it will give an idea how this game works, after all not everyone like tower defense.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utQ3l3_J6WEI will update later with details..."
76561198091600207,Recommended,210770,23185673,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BeefBrothBro,"This game is AMAZING!! Even the IDEA of an FPS/TD Hybrid game is cool. THe gameplay is really cool, I like the weapons selection, the towers selection, the perks selection. Its a lot of fun, buy it, fall in love."
,Recommended,210770,9796671,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,ownosourus,"As a whole, Sanctum 2 feels confused. It isn't quite as much tower defense as fans of the first game would probably hope for, since more of the emphasis this time around is placed on the first-person shooting element. It also hides way too much information from the player, leading to a lot of guess-and-check strategies. The game remains a refreshing hybrid of genres, however, and many of the frustrations temporarily wash away as you lay witness to the last enemy in the last wave die, proving that your strategic planning and accurate shooting have paid off.It looks like Sanctum and it sounds like Sanctum, but it plays totally differently. While the more devoted fans of the first game might take issue with a lot of the changes, and while it doesn't match up to that game's heights, there's still some things to enjoy in Sanctum 2."
,Recommended,210770,8781721,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Birb Archer #TF2SP,"""FPS and TD Games doesn't match!!"" -a generic ""Gamer"" on my class that plays a lot of Web based TD Games.Don't listen to my classmate, play this even if you maxed all your towers, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monster will slip through it's defenses and ruin your gameplay.Sanctum is the ONLY Tower defense game i enjoyed and spending many hours poured into it, and fun with friends! Sanctum 2 is a more challanging version of the first one, Yes you get Less waves than the 1st one, but the game limits you, forcing you to choose the most efficient way to protect your core with a limited ammount of resources, and of course choosing the right class/ character and tower sets is the best way you can achieve victory!If you Bought All the DLCs you Get TWICE of sanctum 2 and new weapons , towers, maps, enemies, perks and a new character. Basically, it have more replayability than the first one.If you're Still reading this. Stop reading and buy this game!.....and the DLCUPDATE 1/25/2014 DLC 1 REVIEWOkay i recently beat the game and played ""The Road to Elysion"" DLC, it adds 2 new weapons, 4 maps, and perks that i'm too lazy to count, therefor you get an extra 1/4 of the original game also you get a new character to play with.You get TSYGAN As a new playable core guardian, equipped with a crossbow, the maps requires a lot of thinking but if you tag along with another player or more (lv 20+ is recomennded) it's so. Much. Chaos.UPDATE 7/27/2014 DLC 3 REVIEWAfter a couple of months not playing this game, i decided to beat the 3rd DLC. ""The Persuit"" DLC is basically gives you another 2 new weapons and 4 new stages, with some perks as well.Also This DLC Gives you the First cutscene of the game. THE FIRST CUTSCENE.The weapons and towers are the highlights of this DLC. First The most popular weapon and the most unique weapon in the game: The drone launcher. With the abillity to shoot Little planes and detonate them if you want, And then we have the Granade launcher. a standalone version of the Default Assault rifle's Secondary shot. the towers you get is a Mind control tower and a ""Friendship Laser/tower"" that's more powerful if you deploy them next to each otherUPDATE 2/7/2014 DLC 4 REVIEWAlright, Beaten the 4th DLC, The ""Last Stand"" DLC have 4 Challanging Maps, 2 new towers, and 2 new guns, and some perks. This DLC Is between easy and hard, unless you're Level 37+ This should be a piece of cake for you. The new stuff that's in this DLC is More Aerial Enemies, And a Mountable Turret called ""Rolfinator"" it's a Player controlled turret that only fires 20 powerful shots, but that doesn't make it easy, Aerial Enemies Are Far Weaker and easier to kill, But they're on a higher altitude and comes in large swarms (usually 20 or more) Some of the Music From the first Sanctum can be heard playing when the wave starts, Luckily You get a special tower that easily kills aerial targets, The weapons are useful too, But i'm already spoiling much spoilers so...this dlc is pretty awesome."
,Recommended,210770,11831104,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Vi,"Pros:+Not your usual Tower Defense game.+A large amount of maps, at least half of them with unique layouts that require differen strategies to beat.+A fair amount of different enemies, some with unique traits or weakspots, especially on the DLCs.+Choice of perks and weapons can really make the play experience of each map different.+Fair amount of playtime, around 30-40 hours if you include the DLCs (which fortunately ain't very expensive), more if you are going for the Feats achievements.+Text to voice chat which can be quite amusing during group play.+A sorta decent story with cool comic-like presentation. Not the best thing ever but it works fine.+Perhaps not something meaningful for other people, but being a Coop game where you actually have to work together with your allies rather than shoot them on the face as any FPS is a big pro for me.Cons-Some turrets can be... well, entirely useless, while others become more or less a must have for most of the maps (ex: Violator), ruining in some way the porpuse of having a wide variety of turrets.-When playing with others, if you have a lvl 30+ player join with new players or low level ones, the player with high level can make many of the first half of maps trivial or way too easy.Veredict:While it is not the perfect game or one to call ""game of the year!"" or similar, it is a fun game to play if you have nothing better to, even more if you have friends to play it with and its not an expensive one at that (and it often goes on sale here on Steam)."
,Recommended,210770,24715196,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,"Awesome TD shooter with futuristic setting. Interesting characters and unlockables, pretty graphics, detailed level design and co-op!"
,Recommended,210770,34728716,Posted: 3 September,all,Depressed_Catfish,I highly recommend this game. This is not a tower defence and not a first person shooter. It is equally both. Perfect mix. You cant go into this thinking its a tower defence game and write a negative reveiw because of it. Without towers you lose and without help your towers cant win. The most important part is building a proper maze to slow them down long enough for you and your towers to destroy them. The game makes it clear where there going both on the mini map and on your screen. The tower selection is kinda lacking with only 10ish towers. The game doesnt explain the towers very well either so that takes a while to figure out or read a guide. Target managment is a big part of the game. If you kill all the little guys and leave the boss for your towers it might not work well. If you overestimate or underestimate your towers it will be a hard ride. The game is grindy in single player but if you play the rounds in order you level up at the right pace to do the next level for a long time. When I launch the game it sometimes puts steam into offline and I cant find any open lobbies. It is very fun in singleplayer as well. There are no bugs
,Recommended,210770,31459349,Posted: 30 April,all,Mixtro,"Sanctum 2 runs on Unreal Engine 3 and combines the first-person shooter and tower defense genres together, which makes it very unique. It features 4 characters, each with their advantages and disadvantages and their own weapons and special abilities. It also features a level up system where the higher your levels, the more variety of weapons, turrets and abilities you can have.This game can also be played cooperatively with 4 players total.Highly recommended for small LAN parties!"
,Recommended,210770,30188363,Posted: 25 February,all,Sway Spoolin | Slanted,Great tower defense game - YesNice combat - YesFun classes - YesGood variety of weapons - YesNice community - YesGiant bug lookin things - YesNice maps - YesBadass Towers - YesIts worth the buy if you ask me. Hope this helps a little bit.
76561198048755692,Recommended,210770,11796329,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Mothra,"Funny and unusual for me game.I do not remember why I missed it last year, but now it has me fascinated.I advise all fans of co-op games.░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀"
,Recommended,210770,29895219,Posted: 13 February,all,Tails The Fox,"Sanctum 2 is a strategy/FPS hybrid game with tower defense tied in, complimented by its exciting and catchy sci-fi soundtrack and awesome environments.In Sanctum 2, there are four characters to choose from, unlike the original Sanctum with just one. You may play as Skye Autumn, a soldier who specializes in using her assault rifle, Sweet Autumn, Skye's little sister who specializes in her missile-launching REX weapon, SiMo, a robot who specializes in its sniper rifle, and a soldier named Haigan Hawkins, who uses a shotgun. The four characters have different specialties in their passive abilities, as well.As you level up in Sanctum 2, you will gain the ability to use different perks, that give your character different boosts and buffs that can help make certain tasks easier, make combat more effective, and give the Lumes a harder time at trying to win. Eventually, when you reach the maximum level for your character, you can use any weapon that you want with any character. There is also a system called ""Feats of Strength"" that allow you to make levels harder, but in return, provide you with more experience.In Sanctum 2, just like the original Sanctum, you must defend The Core, the power source for all of your towers and for your entire base. Aliens of different forms will come and attempt to attack it, and attack you and your friends on the way. Each enemy has different strategies of attacking, and each type has different weak spots, where hits will do more damage than the hits would on the other parts of their bodies. Some of these enemies are airborne and will attack from above, and some will attack ground-level. There are also numerous bosses in Sanctum 2, and many of them can destroy your towers, leaving you to rely on your weapons and hope for the best.There are four chapters in Sanctum 2, each with four different maps, in the base-game. Each one will have different amounts of space for your tower bases, and you can arrange them however you like depending on the availability of the tiles. You and your friends must attempt to build a maze to make it so that the aliens, known as the Lumes, will have the hardest time possible attempting their reach to your Core. You must use your resources to build new towers, and upgrade old towers.Sanctum 2's environments are pretty cool, and the graphics are very nice. The soundtrack, composed by Leonard Hummer, is exciting, sci-fi, and suitable for the game, and very enjoyable to listen to on its own, as well. The gameplay is fun, and there's plenty of fun to be had with both Sanctum 2 and the original.Overall, Sanctum 2 is a fun game to play with friends, or in single-player alike, and the variation in the enemies, weapons, and towers is pretty cool. It can certainly be a difficult game at times, but it's still quite fun overall. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy games, FPS games, and tower defense games, as well as those who like sci-fi themes, and anyone who enjoyed the original Sanctum. ^.^"
,Recommended,210770,33264447,Posted: 5 July,all,Insanity,"Its like Dungeon Defenders, but not s h i t. Therefore, fun."
,Recommended,210770,8198337,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,|FTG|Skill,Really funny tower defence game with very nice grafics and cute characters :P I liked this one as well. You can play singleplayer or up to 4 players in coop. The more players you have on your team the harder it gets. You can build walls and cannon towers and level up and get new♥♥♥♥♥♥like weapons and new towers. There is even like perks you can equip that gives extra abilitys and such. The music is also pretty good.Overall Im gonna rate this one 9/10 and why? WHY? Because why the ♥♥♥♥ not?
,Recommended,210770,23715848,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Metadragon,Before Goat Simulator we had Sanctum 2 and ten years from now this game will have aged very well. Its fun to play. Its got a great amount of challenge and leveling is natural rather than a chore
,Recommended,210770,26532632,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NexusKnight,"Very fun game. It combines a very easy to use tower defense base and throws a very complex 1st person shooter into the mix. Everything is well blanced and buying the DLC is very much worth as many people will tell you. Plenty of pros and pretty much no cons. My only suggestion to you devs is to simply change it to where you can level indefinitly so players can show off their level. you dont have to add and perks, though is would be welcomed very much. to me, once you reach level 50 you kind of drift away from the game, but if you added continued leveling i think mre payers would stay playing longer because they would be able to kep leveling and really show how much they pay the gameAbove all: 9.5/10 Very great game to add to any collection"
,Recommended,210770,27873074,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FML! StepFunnie,"One of my few favourite games:- It is a FPS within a tower denfence game.- Shooting aliens and make them explode is the most satisfying experience.- Many ways to play as there is different classes, weapons, towers and perks.- Play with your friends and blast through waves of aliens.- A very fun game in general and personally, the DLCs are worth it too."
,Recommended,210770,24605503,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Aruphia,"Oh shoot! I gotta write a review to express my love for this game.Guys... I FREAKIN' LOVE THIS GAME. YO. If you lookin for a tower Defense game.... Look no further! It is here! >;D BUY IT.It's PVE... No Pvp at all. If you struggle in PVP like I do! This is the game for you! I use the assault rifle and SMG alot from the character Skye.Highly recommend, getting that awesome Drone Launcher in the DLC ""The Pursuit."" it's worth it cause you get to see tiny drones attacking the Aliens + it's cause I'MA LAZY BUM. :3"
,Recommended,210770,21149310,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,COLONEL FEUERBUSCH,"Have you ever wanted to talk/rap in Stephen Hawkings voice?Now you can.While the first Sanctum focused more on the Tower defense part the first person shooter aspect suffered/ was barely there. enemies didnt react to the play, Sanctum 2 focuses this time around on the first person shooter aspect which shines not only compared to the first Sanctum but is great itself, because of the variety when it comes to enemies and their ablities and your weaponry to actually counter these.Enemies are going to have Shields, heavy armor, long range, long range aoe, stun towers around them, revive themselves and many more.Ofcourse there are many towers to counter these specific enemy types aswell, for example:-Drones are able to pierce through any armor but the deploy rate is pretty low,-The gatling tower has an incredible fire rate and is actually devastating to enemies that take more damage over time and smaller foes but doesnt even scratch enemies with armor,-The cannon starts of as a tower with decent damage and range and by upgrading it the firerate decreases for a huge attack and range boost which allows the tower to pierce through specific armor.Your abilities are also quite game changing, these vary from skills that allow you to either pick from passive abilities like core heal to abilities which increase your fire rate up to 200% (you can choose up to three perks which change the way you play drastically, either changing the role you play completely or further supporting it).You are also able to choose between four characters which all come with their own unique abilities, strenghts and weaknesses:-Setting enemies on fire and dealing damage over time depending on the damage you dealt while also gaining the ability to make moves such as strafing easier to perform (crowd controle-much harder to do critical hits/to take down enemies with specific armor)-Increased health and increased damage in close quarters (kiting/heavy foe killer-not as useful against enemies with specific armor),-The ability to double jump and deal more damage with each shot (allround character-depending on your weaponry and skills)-Besides gaining more critical hit damage you also do more damage if you hit critical hits in a row while the spray pattern´s accuracy for all weapons is increased greatly  (heavy foe killer, best at taking down enemies with specific types of armor-gets overun quite easily)Combine that with absolutely beautiful looking maps which let you play the way you want to (in terms of deploying your maze which enemies have to go through and also depending on enemy type and the tower themselves) and you have this game.but seriously if i could choose one game which i would play for the rest of my life, it would be this one (or arguably the first)."
76561198059883344,Recommended,210770,24310147,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,hahahaha its funny face guy,"Failed the last level 10 times using recommended guides, super charged a single focus tower and won first try 10/10"
,Recommended,210770,25794288,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Justin,"Absolutely fantastic fun.All the great elements of a tower defense game, with the FPS element perfectly implemented.I would give my left nut, firstborn son,  and forego both Portal 3 and HL3 for a 3rd installment to this franchise."
76561198041182490,Recommended,210770,34333254,Posted: 18 August,all,UnitedPackageSmashers,"Super fun tower defense meets first person shooter. Includes co-op with text to talk, what you type in chat comes out the speaker in entertaining computer voices. Character and perk variations allow you to play many different styles and mix-n-match players/perks for optimum co-op results. Would recommend, especially on sale. Now waiting for the DLC sale!"
76561198163033491,Recommended,210770,22213267,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mike.☕,"Well, all i have to say is that sanctum 2 is a awesome game, nice story, many weapons to choose, 4 characters, 5th with DLC with is pretty much my favorite :D, many diffrent enemies to kill, many towers and whole bunch of different and cool maps and other stuff. DLCs are aslo worth buing, but the best of all this stuff is all those amazing soundtracks. 10/10 :D"
,Recommended,210770,25451924,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nep Nep,"NOTICE: This review is only for the normal game, none of the DLCs!Very unique style!Running is kind of floaty and jumping as well.Kind of restricted with the lack of Towers you can use.Theme is also kind of boring.Past all that, very good game nonetheless!Nice storyline, EXCELLENT graphics & Voice Acting.8/10"
,Recommended,210770,13409471,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,GhostsheLL,"I picked this up on sale and well worth it. Very unique gameplay,+FPS+Tower Defense+Good mechanics+Fun co-op"
,Recommended,210770,9816349,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Biggie,"PROS:• Excellent - UI• Fully Optimizable• Cooperative Story• Customization - LimtiedCONS:• Restricted• Light Bugs/Glitches• Repetitiveness• Terrible - AI7.5/10 ""Decent"""
76561198111020082,Recommended,210770,24880872,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Master Turd Blaster,"I only wish it was more single player friendly and that I could make a second character or delete my old one (in order to start over and play it again!). Otherwise, I love it and got a lot of replay value out of it."
,Recommended,210770,11399087,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ChocolateHeist,"I love this game. Me and my friend play it for fun because it just rubs our chesthairs the right way. I do find myself slightly excited by the game because some of these looms (enemies) resemble very arrousing features. For example the bobble heads, giant, three legged towering creatures with glowing, pulsating bumps on the top, the mutator, another short, stimpy, three legged creature that squirts out gooey white substance that ""mutates"" other looms. The flying things that spit green balls out at you slightly resemble the Andre The Giant Obey picture. Idk why. And to top it all off, the flying things resemble either squidward or the flying spaghetti monster. Anyways, it's a great game. Creds to the guy that made those exciting figures. ;) Looking forward to a sequel with monsters featuring more exciting things. SANCTUM IS LOVE. SANCTUM IS LIFE."
,Recommended,210770,12177106,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Nyc2x,"Sanctum 2 remains a refreshing hybrid of two genres, tower defense and FPS. The result is a unique game experience. Its like a chilled out steely dan song, seemingly shallow, but accessible, at first but dig deep into it and you find all sorts intricacies, grooves, earworms and love.Game : 7.5/10Graphic : 8.0/10"
76561198029381626,Recommended,210770,13418160,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,cake,"Impressive!This is the♥♥♥♥♥♥This is the game that will break your ""FPS only"" routine.This was the only game that made me like other genders than only FPS.Sanctum 2 is a very pacific game as well as gorgeous. You can have a great time alone or with friends in this amazing world. Improve your skill in many different ways.∞/10 - beauty present in this areaSweet sasha is out, peace."
,Recommended,210770,9053477,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,LOGVINOV SEXMAШINA,Cool game. Good co-op. But it soon becomes boring.------------------------------------------------------------Крутая игра. Хороший ко-оп. Но вскоре становится скучно.
76561198072934769,Recommended,210770,8895753,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lachlan Thorpe,"Sanctum 2, is a great multiplayer/singleplayer game. The purpose of this game is to defend a core located usally at the rear of the map, from the evil alien creatures. The players use firearms and as well as turrets to defend the core from the aliens. What i like about this game is that, it s not too hard or too easy on most difficulty modes and is very fun and enjoyable to play with friends. I recommend this for all users and worth buying it. I rate it 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,24310183,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Sir_GangstaDuck,Great game just wonderful beautiful levels and just amzing game play. i played with my friend and we just had so much fun plz do try this game its really great and just have fun 10/10 will play agian
,Recommended,210770,9887383,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Captain MooMoos,"This is a long review so if you want a brief summary of why I recommend Sanctum 2 skip toResultsand read from there.Coffee Stain Studious pushes the tower defense series with this brilliant addition to the Sanctum series. Sanctum 2 takes the brilliant aspects from the first one and pushes it further with a much more dynamic and fluid campaign.Story:On the planet of Loek III an infestation begins. An alien species, which is actually burrowed into the planet has awoken and it is the job your squad to stop them. Skye Autumn, Sweet Autumn, SiMo, Haigen Hawkins, and Tsygan form a squad and work to protect the cores from collapsing. The cores defend and power the cities, but it’s not long till you figure out that they cores are not everything they seem.Campaign:The original campaign includes four sectors each composed of four missions. The sectors include: Facility, Rocky Fields, Giant Trees, and Swamp. In each of these sectors you must complete a tower defense on a strategic field, using one of the five playable heroes. The game defaults to open party meaning anyone can join your game, but you can switch it to private if you want to play alone. I always found Tower Defenses to be a single player event, unless you operate separate lanes, as clashing strategies can ruin the games value. The campaign allows you to add “Feats of Strength” which increase the difficulty, but also add to the XP bonus from each round. In order to complete the game 100% you must complete each map with all five Feats of Strength (excluding Introduction). I played Sanctum by myself and found I was rarely playing the FPS portion after the first level, although by adding Feats of Strength you will no longer be able to sit around and watch. The levels have lots of secrets hidden within them including arcade machines or even just random little subsections. The campaign essentially constitutes the entire game as there is no sandbox option.Gameplay:Unlike traditional Tower Defenses Sanctum offers you the chance to jump in as an FPS to help control creep flow. Each map you complete offers you XP which allows you to level up your squad, unlike in a traditional RPG fashion no matter who you play in Sanctum all the squad members are the same level. As you progress through the game this means you unlock new towers, better weapons, and special abilities. The towers and the weapons are not equal, so as you progress through the game you’ll probably find yourself using the same kit. Eventually when you reach level 40 you unlock both weapons allowing you to select both of the characters weapons making only their abilities matter. Luckily the vast amount of character customization allows you to play the game however you desire.DLC:Sanctum 2 has four game content DLC packs: The Last Stand, The Pursuit, Ruins of Brightholme, and Road to Elysion. These DLC packs include four sectors: Coastline, Brightholme, Outskirts, and Arc Islands. These essentially double the length of the campaign and sixteen new missions. The story of Sanctum 2 is actually not over after the initial campaign is completed and in order to figure out exactly what happens on Loek III you must finish the DLC. After completing sector four, Swamp, you are left off exactly where the DLC begins. Each DLC pack is $3.99, which is actually quite expensive seeing as it adds very little content (a couple enemies and a few new maps). The Last Stand, Arc Islands, offers a level with essentially unlimited waves that get progressively more difficult. If you were looking for essentially a sandbox mode, this would be the closest you can get.Multiplayer:The game is default multiplayer, this means that when you start your campaign anyone can join you on your mission and help you out. I didn’t realize this until after I started and some random person was in my mission. As a result I backed out kicked them out of my part and changed my game settings to private. For those who are interested Sanctum 2 multiplayer offers an incredibly easy multiplayer system that is almost flawless.Results:If you are a fan of First Person Shooters then Sanctum 2 is a good game for you. If you are a fan of tower defenses then Sanctum 2 is a good game for you. Sanctum 2 is a fun game which offers strategy and action bundled together as you defend a core objective from waves of minions. The DLC adds additional missions to the game, which if you can get on a sale are completely worth it. The character customization and leveling system really allows you to choose how you play the game. Despite not having unlimited blocks like the original, Sanctum 2, requires you to focus on short-term strategy at the start then eventually long-term as you progress past the first few waves. I would recommend Sanctum 2 for anyone who felt like the original lacked in FPS and character development.Pros:+Character customization+Smooth and clean graphics+Large variety of minions that require you to be diverse.+Loads of maps+DLC which adds more levels, story, and enemies.+Great multiplayer+FPS as well as TD+Secrets in levels+Great level design+Bosses which change the dynamic of the maze design.+Various levels which require different strategies (FPS intensive vs TD intensive)+On map allies (they may not do much damage, but it looks nice to have some teammates)+You can upgrade towers beyond their maximum level, essentially increasing there damage beyond the upgrade levelsCons:-After beating Sanctum 2, The Last Stand, you cannot skip the credits.-Multiplayer is defaulted on-There is no just plain simple sandbox map-You are limtied to the number of base bricks you can place (you get anywhere from 5-15 per wave) but eventually you start geting 0-You can only place around 15 towers per map (this varies on the map I believe).-You can no longer upgrade your weapons (although they seem to scale by themselves)-To get 100% essentially requires co-operative play."
76561198116052950,Recommended,210770,15899712,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,心の怪盗団,Best FPS + Tower Defense styled game.
,Recommended,210770,9724570,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,L3o,"It is a good mix between FPS and Tower Defense games. The game focus is the co-op, so you should expect a more difficult gameplay when going solo, but still a very entertaining game."
,Recommended,210770,7721245,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,[G.O. Elite] Kryslum,"I have over 100 hours on record, have beat the game with (almost) all feats of strength, (was) on the leaderboard for several survival records, have all DLC, and am the top level you can get, and I still have fun with this game. Sanctum 2 never gets old, and it is a great game with many different strategies that can be tested, and you will find that one strategy one player uses doesn't work for another. It's up to you to find your own strategy, and you will find singleplayer is a heck of a lot different than multiplayer. This game is a challenge, yet a fun one. I enjoy this sequel even more than the original Sanctum. Sanctum 2 has a whole lot of content available that all lead to more awesome. 10/10"
,Recommended,210770,21808525,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kawaii Overlord,"This game is very unique and fun to play and even better the genre and game type haven’t been oversaturated like most other have games have. I have had this game for a while now and bought it due to a sale and it seemed like a good game and I wasn’t mistaken. The point of this game is to protect the core/s (the giant device that is providing oxygen to the area) from the Lumes (the enemies that are attacking the core) using towers and your primary and secondary weapons. Although I can’t tell the difference between the base game and all the DLC packs (since I bought the full pack when I bought the game initially) the game has around 20 towers that are advantageous in specific situations and 14 guns that can deal with one specific Lume easier than another and lots of perks to give you the added benefit over others. The map count is also very large at around 30 maps and the maps themselves are ginormous in some cases while normally the maps are still quite large.There are three game types to choose from in the game and these are just the regular protect the core game, the FOS (feat of strength which is commonly abbreviated to FOS) version of the protect the core game which adds specific perks for the Lumes like enemies attack twice as fast, players cannot respawn during the wave but they can after, enemies regenerate 150 hit points per second, enemies move faster, enemies have 50% more hit points each wave round (Wave rounds are about 4 to 5 waves long and is the time for the wave to add more health to the enemy (If that specific FOS is turned on)), and survival which is to play the protect the core game mode for an infinite amount of waves with the waves getting harder each wave round (as FOS are added as you gain waves and that one of the FOS cause the upgrade of Lume health per wave rounds). The way to survive in this game is to shoot the Lumes dead using your primary and secondary weapon and during the building phase you can build/upgrade/overcharge your towers to keep you alive for longer and also becomes a lot more essential in survival as if you have survived long enough then the Lumes health becomes too high for your guns to make a difference and hence the game then relies on your towers very heavily.Pros-Lots of content (towers, maps, Lume types, perks, weapons)-Maps are ginormous-Replay value-Game genre combination-Weak spots on Lumes-Maps visually vary quite majorly-The amazing text-to-speech (that should be in every game)-The art design for everything in the game (weapons, towers, maps, etc) is superb-Very few bugs (however when they occur it’s bloody hilarious)Cons-Smaller community then most games ()-No longer receives any updates-The story (that is represented by small comics) is very small-Some complain of the weapon taking up too much of their screen (but I think it’s fine)ConclusionOverall this game to me is a gem that is often overlooked and due to that the games popularity suffers(http://steamcharts.com/app/210770)however I have thoroughly enjoyed it and I have gifted this game to 4-5 other people because I support the game so much. I recommend this game for people who like tower defense games, people who love beautiful games, and people who love strategy or strategising."
,Recommended,210770,22118047,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Blitz,"This game is one of my all-time favorite games. I really can't say when the last time I enjoyed a game this much was. The sanctum series really took the tower defense genre is a great direction, and the feel, look, and sound of the game is stellar. The soundtrack alone is enough for me to recommend you checking it out, but thankfully this game is much more than just a beautiful package.You've got a variety of towers, characters, passives, and weapons to select from, and each of them matters. The character you pick determines what primary you bring, but you get to choose a secondary along with it, and that secondary can be the primary of another character. Synergy is the name of the game, so there's a lot of fun to be had experimenting with different strategies for different maps and enemies. Each character plays differently and brings their own unique passive, and most every weapon, tower, and passive plays a vital role in how you effectively play the game. Stronger weakpoint hits? Looks like you'll want to bring a strong accurate weapon to abuse weakpoints while you bring another tower to make up for your lack of heavy AoE. Or maybe you'd like to bring a strong single target primary, AoE secondary, and bring only utility towers to supplement your weaponry.The amount of experimentation that you can do in this game, along with the wide map variety and consistently fantastic soundtrack really kept me enjoying this game for dozens and dozens of hours. I've bought it every time it's been on sale just so I have copies to give to friends. I love this game that much."
,Recommended,210770,13880748,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Leviathan//Jumperpants,"As a person who love tower defence It is pretty damn good. it does get hard extremly fast but if your creative enough you can get to the expert lvls. Some of the lvls it seems you can only past by soling it. It great fun, It gettgin tricky with fallign off on the last advance maps but is a whole lot of fun. I got it for $5 and Am very happy pleased :D"
,Recommended,210770,9752553,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,"Fred ""FREEDY"" Kelly007","The first game felt like a tower defence with FPS tacked on. the second feels more like a shooter with towers tacked on. But with heaps of perks, new towers, guns,shiny new graphics, plus four new characters. This is by no means a poor choice. my only real gripe it is more of an online co-op game and with no real single player, still it is a great game. 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,19767201,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lumi MercuryDoll,"A vastly improved upon game, taking the best of the prequel and adding a lot of gameplay depth and story.+ 16 weapons with different game mechanics+ 20 unique towers leaving a lot of strategy to tower building+ over 50 unique perks that cater to a lot of playstyles and can even change how weapons function+ a variety of levels that all need a different strategy to beat, especially with feats of strength activated+ an interesting story to follow, told via comic style loading screens and ingame logs+ beautifully crafted levels with dozens of eastereggsIf you like tower defense and wave survival FPS games I definitely recommend getting the Complete Pack on a sale, the DLCs add a lot of content."
,Recommended,210770,30378307,Posted: 7 March,all,☢» MACHIN3 «☢,"I love most FPS games and I use to love Tower Defense games back in the day. When I seen they made a hybrid FPS/TD game I just had to try it. This is the first time I ever played this type of game and I have to say it's one of them games I never get tired of! I catch myself always going back and playing it here and there after owning it for some time now.I bought the complete pack for myself and the 4 pack and sent 3 other copies to friends that never play it and still have a copy in my inventory lol. I am sure the coop side of this game is even more fun but I cannot say for myself since I don't have many friends that play it.The game has tons of levels to play as well as several different modes like survival, waves, campaign, etc.. You earn XP and build your level to unlock more weapons and perks so you can customize your player to best fit your play style! With friends this can really come in handy to build the ultimate defense team with many different perks."
,Recommended,210770,31994074,Posted: 27 May,all,DanDaMan,"The game balances strategy, stress, and fun all into one. On my top 10 best co-op games for sure."
,Recommended,210770,428388,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,｢C❤A｣ Pocahawtness,"Being a huge Sanctum 1 enthusiast, I was really looking forward to Sanctum 2, so it came as a real shock when I started playing and realised that the developers have completely changed the flavour of the game. By placing limitations on the towers, they have destroyed the tower defence part of the game and made it a pretty much standard shooter. It’s still a fun game to play, and is priced realistically, but I’m afraid that people who played Sanctum 1 may well be very disappointed with the step away from tower defence.  Is it recommended? Well as long as you can clear you mind of Sanctum 1, then yes, but if you can't do that, then give it a miss."
76561198064140400,Recommended,210770,33087155,Posted: 1 July,all,FryGod,This game is actually pretty solid if you have some friends to play it with. I recommend buying this when it is on sale. Some of the controls feel a bit uneasy but it doesn't really take away from the fun you will be having with friends.
,Recommended,210770,8992050,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Lumicakery,"Sanctum 2 is a hybrid of the tower defense and first-person shooter genre. It runs in a 3D environment and posseses a stylized aesthetics. Based on the peer 2 peer system, sanctum 2 allows you to play solo with a perfect ping or join existing rooms of other players that are set to public, with a max of 4 players per room. The game also has a unique and captivating story as well as characters for those who are interested in these things. The soundtrack aint half bad either.This game offers a variety of gameplay styles due to the abundance of perks or passives and different types of towers both made available as you level up. This is accompanied by unique character classes that offer a specialized approach to gameplay. For example, Simo is a sniper class that has better accuracy (less spread of bullets), and deals more damage on weakspots. It is also possible to draw enemy attention or aggro by getting into their face, and the character Haigen Hawkins was designed with this in mind.One thing to remember though is that this game is both a tower defense game and an fps. You can't go one way without the other and you will be rewarded for shooting the enemies where it hurts as well as being able to conceptualize the best tower placements. It's a thinking + shooting game, and one that I recommend."
76561198064833939,Recommended,210770,11529240,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Awake,"Sanctum Two is an excelent game where you play the role of a person who kills things. That's it. That's all I know.Now that I got that out of the way, I can say that this game is amazing! It's a perfect mix between Tower defense and First person action. However, the game can get quite challenging without people to play with, as well as boring. Over all, it's a fun game, if you loke games that reqire a decent amount of strategy, not just how quickly you can move your mouse. So, here's the verdict.PROS:Good gameplayLively visualsDecent ammount of strategy involvedCan make the game say ""Jimmy Nutrin"" simply by typing itGreat with friendsCONS:Nobody ever plays itBoring on your ownDifficult soloVirtually no story"
,Recommended,210770,31333935,Posted: 23 April,all,floofs,Not as fun as I anticipated but as long as you have some friends to play with its alright. Sinlge player is a bit lacking though. Get it on a sale for the most value.
,Recommended,210770,10459203,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,16 flavours of salt,10/10 I can put mines on my head and wear them like hats.
,Recommended,210770,11732598,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SonnyBone,"I got a 90% off coupon for the first Sanctum, which I had never heard of. I went to the store and noticed that Sanctum 2 was also out... and it was free to play for the weekend. I downloaded it, played a few rounds, and immediately bought it along with the DLC.I've played a few tower defense games in the past, but it's not exactly a genre that I'm super enthusiastic about. I'm also not a big FPS fan (especially online games), but there's just something abou Sanctum 2 that really pleases me. The game is challenging without being frustrating (so far, at least), and there seems to be a really nice sense of progression with the leveling system and tower/perk unlocks. I also really enjoy the added touch of the 'feats' that let you increase the difficulty for extra XP. Replaying older stages with new perks and feats gives you some decent replay value.The game runs great, looks great, sounds great, and plays very smoothly. The online co-op is also a wonderful addition that really puts this game over the top. Sanctum 2 is pretty dang rad."
,Recommended,210770,8892914,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Captain Vindaloo,"What can be said for Sanctum 2?  It's an amazing title!  Sanctum 2 is a tower defense/action-shooter, reminiscent of games such as Orcs Must Die & Dungeon Defenders, while still doing a wonderful job of standing out on it's own!  The graphics are incredible, and do a fantastic job of pulling you into the beautiful (albeit troubled) world the developers created; nothing instills a sense of urgency like seeing a massive alien creature in the distant city skyline, tossing buildings aside like LEGOs, and the whole thing is moved along by a soundtrack that's within a class of it's own!The gameplay is, to say the very least, addictive; even post-game, with the plethora of weapons, towers, and gameplay style-defining perks all unlocked and the engaging story seen through to it's applause-worthy finale, the player will still have NO problem feeling the urge to return to their favorite maps time and again to assure the dreaded Lumes have had their fill of lead sammich!All in all, Sanctum 2 stands as a shining example of an indie studio producing a triple-A product, while keeping the indie price tag!Play it! 5/5"
,Recommended,210770,8889383,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,☂,"Tower strategy mixed with first person shooter. Is very simple as you begin, but when unlocking new towers, guns, and perks - it becomes much more fun. The levels do become much more challenging but fun. Very fun playing co-op."
,Recommended,210770,20154684,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Commander Skorpior,"As a fan of Orcs must Die, which was a game of similar gameplay, i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.Join Skye, Sweet, SiMo and Haigen, as well as TSYGAN if you bought the DLC, as they defend the cores from a horde of dangerous alien creatures called Lumes. There's more to it, because this game actually has a plot. It's pretty good, i'd say. A bit basic, but good.The gameplay is fantastic. You build towers, and then you defend the core from the Lumes. But wait. The towers aren't doing all the work, YOU are helping out as well, you lazy twit. You get a good amount of weaponry to shoot the aliens with, and a variety of perks to bolster you and your defenses, and they vary from quite basic guns, to some pretty strange guns. And if you suck at aiming, don't worry. There are a few perks and guns that help counter that. You do have to do SOME aiming, ESPECIALLY in the last level of the first DLC.The scenery is goddamn gorgeous, and they didn't even put borders around the arena, so you are free to explore the area. Do watch your step, even more so when you are playing Sweet, because there are some bottomless pits. And blasting yourself in the wrong direction can very quickly end in some fund losses in hospital bills. Well, not really, you get to keep the money. You will just have some SEVERE pain in your legs for a while. You can walk it off.If you are looking for more, there is a whole DLC campaign that continues where the base game leaves off. The quality varies quite a bit in terms of maps and towers, but all of them are pretty good. A gripe i have is that the AA tower, which you will NEED early on in the DLC, is locked behind rank 32. So you'll have to defend a bit untill then.So yeah, Sanctum 2 is a pretty good game. Even more so if you play Co-oP. So, if you dig a strangely holy concoctionof TD and FPS, i'd highly suggest you pick this one up."
76561198090969453,Recommended,210770,9106389,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Door,"Excellent co-op game,with an immensely larger array of weapons and towers than the first sanctum game,better graphics and the ability to switch around your players to match with your desired playstyle and needs.Arguably one of the most engaging games I've played!"
76561198168674339,Recommended,210770,18578339,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Xyndrome,Want a game that will make you swear at your friends and then call out for help from said friend 2 minutes later.  Then go no further as this game will do all this and more.  I can not say that I spent anytime taking in the story arch because I was playing if for the sake of getting into some gun fights.  It is exactly what I was promised and more.
76561198015863162,Recommended,210770,10851094,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ThatFatGuy,Absolutely amazing game that is hilarious to play with friends. two thumbs up!
,Recommended,210770,1901871,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,J.Dazey,"Sanctum 2........Where do I begin. It is an amazing blend of Tower Defense and First Person Shooting. It has great and unigue aspects and mechanics like:If you run out of ammo for your primary weapon, swap to your other and continue your mayhem, when you go back to your primary it will be fully loaded. With awesome styled cutscenes and graphics it makes and awesome and truly memorable experience. I also found no proper errors/glitches/problems!10/10 From me!"
,Recommended,210770,9692614,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Chibi143,Favorite Steam game yet. Tower defence and a first person shooter!!!! also getting to play with my buds his has some great potential.
,Recommended,210770,11104095,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Unfadding,"Tower Defense+FPS describes it. Difficult, challenging, great to play with full party."
76561198062705389,Recommended,210770,14616811,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Coure,"Great game, especially with friends. Very fun and some great easter eggs. Good for strategy and tactics lovers. Just mind that friends don't have OCD or it will be a long night indeed."
76561198040888405,Recommended,210770,8847299,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Tushypushy,The mixing of a tower defense game with a futuristic shooter is a very cool concept and it is pulled off quite well in Sanctum 2. I will say however that this game would probably be rather boring singleplayer. I have been playing this with a friend since I got it and it is incredibly fun but like I said I could tell it'd be boring alone. I reccomend this if you have friends to play it with.
,Recommended,210770,8823500,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,LordPixels,"Though I haven't played much, I can see myself on this game for hours. I love tower defense games and this one is very well made. I love the ability to easily join and play with other people and also have the capability of playing solo.I plan on spending more time on this game and will add to the review as needed.Right now, especially on sale, this game is definitely worth it."
76561198006350053,Recommended,210770,7705739,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,tiberium_blue,Fun game. Worth picking up on sale and buying the season pass for extra maps.
,Recommended,210770,28035411,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,𝕾𝖎𝖒𝖇𝖑,"Great for coop with some friends! Not that many maps, though."
,Recommended,210770,13327669,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Vriska Serket,<3 this one for its designs and characters.
,Recommended,210770,31658285,Posted: 9 May,all,Solt ツ,"Sanctum 2 is One of The Most Addictive Games I Have Ever Played!GameplayThe hybrid FPS-Tower Defense game style is a breath of fresh air in the gaming market, even in 2017. The gameplay itself is very addictive, with a wide variety of opponents, all challenging and always forcing you to switch up your tactics. The weapons are well balanced and I had great fun experimenting them in different loadouts.In my first 3 hours of Sanctum 2, I found myself relying less on the turrets than my own aiming. I also exploited the 'auto-reload when not-in-use' mechanic. When my primary's clip was empty, I would simply swap to my secondary, continue blasting my opponents till my clip was empty, then swap back to my primary's full clip and continue firing.The turrets also have a wide range, with each weapons given a different mechanic to counter a different opponent. I had a blast arranging power cores and turrets strategically to block my opponent's path. Every level felt diiferent and had me constantly changing my in-game strategy.Gameplay = 9/10GraphicsPlaying on an Early 2015 MacBook Air (Come at me PCMR) with i7 2.2 GHz and Intel HD Graphics 6000, I was pleasantly surprised with the high frame rate while playing on high detail and shadows on. My MacBook averaged 50-60 fps in the heat of battle, with only 2-3 lag spikes throughout 3 hours of gameplay.The monsters are also visually pleasing, and the bright-coloured theme was a big plus.Graphics = 8/10StorylineGoing into Sanctum 2, I did not expect much in the storyline department, but was surprised with what it delivered. At the start of every level, there was a comic-like panel in which the several playable characters are talking before the fight commences. Thankfully, you can access all the comic strips in the pre-game menu under gallery. Although the story doesn't have many deep, emotional layers like other games such as Life Is Strange and The Last Of Us, I pray that new players don't go into Sanctum 2 looking for that type of experience. Sanctum 2 is a strictly FPS-Tower Defense game, and it does a damn good job.Storyline = 5/10MultiplayerWhen I first bought Sanctum 2, the feature I was perhaps most excited for was the multiplayer aspect. So when I jumped into a lobby with 3 other players (I don't have friends), I may have had standards a bit too high for Sanctum 2 to deliver. The gameplay was still as fun as ever though, despite the wide rank level gap between me and my 3 teammates. And although I imagine it would be different when playing with friends, communicating with each other was a pain in the butt, even with the chat box and voice option available.Multiplayer = 7/10CustomisationSanctum 2 actually allowed a lot more freedom than I anticipated. There are 5 playable characters (With the DLC), each of which can have secondary weapons customised, as well as turrets and traits to give you an advantage in battle. Not much to say about this section, but good job all round.Customisation = 8/10Ranking SystemThe ranking system in Sanctum 2 is rather simple but rewarding. Do well in-game, get more XP and level up faster. Leveling up unlocks more slots for weapons, turrets and traits, as well as more options for those previously mentioned. This system also gives many more ways to play and I had a whale of a time experimenting with different loadouts.Ranking System = 9/10ConsNow, although it may seem like Sanctum 2 is the game of the century from my review so far, there are a few flaws. The most noticeable? NO HEALTH BAR. There were many times in which I died in battle without realising that my health had deteriorated as fast as it had. I even got the much coveted achievement 'Honey Badger Don't Care', In which I survived waves of enemies with 1 HP THREE TIMES. So please, add a health bar.I would also like to be able to see a turret's stats in-game without placing it down. Especially when there are time-sensitive periods between waves, it is a real hassle to place down every turret just to see which would be the most suitable for the next wave of enemies.Finally, it would be nice to see the turret's firing area in the overhead map view (Tab). This would be alot more helpful as it would allow players to utilise their turrets to their full potential.Final Verdict - Is Sanctum 2 Worth It?A hundred times over, Sanctum 2 is one of the best bang-for-buck games on Steam right now. I got it on sale with the DLC at 80% off (Just over $5), making it one of the best deals I ever sniped on Steam. It is one of the most addictive, compelling games I've played and will keep both you and me coming back for hundreds and hundreds of fun.Final Verdict = 9/10"
76561198096565660,Recommended,210770,9109496,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Dax Olisia,A very well done game.
,Recommended,210770,31318993,Posted: 23 April,all,Mr.RamiroZ,"As a child, I love games related to the flow of monsters and the construction of towers. They were the result of concerted action. Therefore, I still really love them. This game in this plan corresponds to 100 percent, because there is a mixed first-person shooter + tower defense + strategy. 7 hours, I can write with complete confidence This review.What we have? We have a great idea - to cross the shooter with the tower defense. Great idea, it's a pity that it is poorly embodied because of the low level of technical implementation.Build labyrinths. Place the towers in the middle of these labyrinths, so that you have strength against the various aliens. A lot of them. You have a choice of characters, depending on your taste and style of combat. Excellent gameplay, nice graphics, very stylishly traced characters, a wonderful world. Everyone who wants to diversify their experience in games, all shooters and all lovers of logic games - I strongly advise! Even if you do not belong to any of them, the game is worth a try, not every day there are such quality, unusual projects. It's worth the money spent on it."
76561197960818732,Recommended,210770,14178478,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Raz,"This game is wonderful for anyone who enjoys FPS- and TD-games. It has some RPG-elements in it, allowing you to level up in order to unlock new weapons and towers. Unlike the first game there are enemies  designed to hunt down players, adding to the action.Originally this game was riddled with game-breaking bugs but they have since been hammered out. Be warned though. This game is not like most TD-games where the difficulty slowly scales. It jumps around alot, most levels are easy-med, then SUDDENLY a murder-level. There are many towers but as you learn more about the game and start playing at higher difficulties, and survival, you will notice that only a few are worth your while, meaning that the game is fundamentally unbalanced.However, it is still highly enjoyable both alone and with friends. The levels are absolutely stunning and exploring them is encouraged by many easter eggs, achievements, and AR-Mines that are hidden throughout the game. Take a while on every level and look up and around and enjoy the beautiful artwork. Experience an interesting story with unexpected twists and have a great time."
,Recommended,210770,9691549,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Woomy,"Normally I don't care too much about tower defense games. I always felt helpless during the waves as I watch the enemies go through the defenses and I'd lose. I'm certain the developers had a train of thought similar to that when they made this game.Sanctum 2 perked my interest, and I picked it up on sale. Without a doubt it is the best game purchase I have made so far this year. Every stage has countless strategies you can try on it. One can easily spend hours tinkering around with different tower strategies. On top of the countless tower strategies are character builds. With the variety of characters, guns, and perks one can create a character build that would suit their play style. The stages themselves are breathtaking. Each one has so many nooks and crannies to explore while building. Sometimes I pause between waves just to admire the scenery.The game also has a simple, but interesting story with it that does a good job of fleshing out the world and characters.My adivce to others is to definently play this game with others, it is much more enjoyable experience. That goes double for when you are playing with all 5 Feats of Strength. Beating stages with 5 FoS alone is a challenging endevor. Many hours I have spent trying to beat a single stage; the slightest slip up can force you to start over. Sometimes I even had to rethink my entire tower build. All together it can easily drive you insane. Honestly if it wasn't for the Tactical Juxaposition + Drone Launcher combination, I don't even think some of these stages are possible to beat with 5 FoS alone.I'll admit I have never played the original Sanctum, so I have nothing to compare it to, but from what I see the 'FPS' portion of this game takes a little more active role compared to the original.Coffee Stain Studios has done a fantastic job crafting this unique Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game. I'll be following their future projects closely."
,Recommended,210770,13976344,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Shevei,Very good FPS Tower Defence with slick graphics and quite good replayability BUT with dedicated friends only.
,Recommended,210770,14536123,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nifty,"I love this game! It is a lot of fun to play with friends, it has a nice little backstory with well drawn comics before every level, and it is quite a challenge with hard modes turned on. I haven't played much of it single player, as I don't find that as fun. But for co-op this is fantastic.Core guardians! <3"
,Recommended,210770,14151146,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Syroop,"Really great game.  I loved the first game, but this steps it up.  If you played the origanal then when you get into you may be thinking oh this is stupid I have to level up and the monsters hurt me.  Well the monsters or Lumes hurting you makes it more realistic and adds more of a strategy element and the leveling up its actually nice because you want to get to that next weapon perk or tower.  If you love tower defense or first person shooters get this game"
,Recommended,210770,4514634,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,CapitanSnakez,"Basically they took everything from Sanctum and did it a lot better in Sanctum 2. The graphics, the weapons, the monsters and the strategy.I can describe the game with only one word: AWESOME"
,Recommended,210770,9639911,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Intamasica,"It's great!  I love it! Whether you're a tower defence nut, or a FPS nut, you should definitely give this game ago. Personally, I cannnot really compare to the first Sanctum game as I bought this first, but I bought it after playing this so it's next on the list.I'm writing this review at 55 hours in and I'm still playing. I've played the whole thing through (including DLC) with a friend and now we're going through again with all Feats of Strength (your usual upgrades to make the game more challenging) enabled. I think it's safe to say we've both enjoyed the experience.While I believe this game is mostly about the gameplay, it does manage to fit a story in there. You play as one of four Core Gaurdians sworn to protect - you guessed it - cores from an alien race known as Lumes. The importance of cores as well as the story behind them becomes apparent while playing, seen in comic book-like screens used while a map is loading. Sanctum 2 also features a fair amount of easter eggs including codes the player might enter online to discover for about the universe too.The game eases you in gently with a nice tutorial and builds up the difficulty and you level up in a well designed system in which you unlock new perks and weapons. The DLC also raises the level cap from 20 to 40 (assuming you have all the DLC) as well as featuring a whole load more weapons and perks. As the game goes on you do come across fair large difficulty spikes; levels that are extremely challenging (especially in the DLC). I have to be honest, we found ourselves looking up a way of doing one or two levels after failing at least 10 times. But you shouldn't have a problem if you're good at that kinda thing.The art style of Sanctum 2 also takes more of a comic-like approach too, straying from its predecessor who attempted a more realistic art style (from what I've seen) but didn't quite pull it off (from what I've heard). Art style shouldn't be a reason not to buy a game though, if it is to you, stop reading this and go get some common sense. Or go outside if you some realistic graphics so much.Some inexperienced players may have a problem with that in co-op play, a proportion of health is added to each enemy for each other player, making them harder to kill. While this isn't always an issue, it sometimes become a problem when the health of a enemy becomes unbalanced with the amount of damange that it is possible deal as the ammount of towers you're allowed to build is always capped at 15, no matter how much health they have. While this can make things very, very challenging using Feats of Strength, everything is still perfectly possible when you know what you're doing.Coffee Stain Studios has quickly become one of my favourite game developers and Sanctum 2 is probably the best game they've created in my opinion. A subtle sense of humour, tens of gameplay hours and a brillaint, worked on concept. I loved playing this game and I still love playing this game. Although it would be nice to include some sort of 'prestige' system to allow veteran players to still have some sense of accomplishment after reaching their level cap, that would be the only really thing I can personall complain about. This is definitely a game you should buy if it falls anywhere near your field of interest. 9/10"
,Recommended,210770,15946234,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,tilted,"Fun tower defence-FPS hybrid. Active developers, fun levels and game elements make a killer game."
,Recommended,210770,8830465,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,PavilionGT,"Planning gets you ahead, but making choices in the heat of the moment is just as important. This dichotomy makes Sanctum 2 some of the most fun I've had with a tower defense game in a long time. Like its previous title, Sanctum 2 is an entertaining blend of first-person shooting and tower-defense-style strategy. Instead of passively watching your towers do all the dirty work, you are allowed descend into the action and distribute carnage alongside them. Both games execute this concept almost flawlessly, however Sanctum 2 has far more content than its small-scale predecessor. This is the fully featured, fully realized game this series needed, and offers lots of content to enjoy whether you’re a strategy fan first and shooter fan second, or vice versa. With 16 levels, 8 weapons, and 4 different character classes to choose from, there is a lot more to do right out of the box compare to the first title. with additional DLC being announced and there’s a Season Pass available that gets you all the future expansion packs at a reduced price.Multiplayer has been completely overhauled as well. It is now easier to drop in or out of multiplayer matches, and you can now specify who exactly is allowed to join your ongoing game. It also scales rather nicely, with each additional player adding even more resources to the pool but also increasing the overall challenge. This way, the game’s difficulty is well-balanced. There is an easy mode, but it skews the game balance a little too much in your favor and is not entirely recommended.Resources have also received a sort of overhaul. The game sort of just drops a set amount of supply for you to utilize, breaking up barricades and towers into separate categories. Credits, however are no longer a shared currency required for building barricades and towers. Instead you just get a certain amount of tower credits, and a certain allotment of barricades at the end of each round. Although It may not seem like that much, but taking away the decision of spending money on barricades really does make the game better, as you’re free to spend more thought on strategy instead of playing accountant on the battlefield. This is also mainly because on the field, weapon upgrades have been given the boot. In the first Sanctum you had towers, barricades, and weapon upgrades that you had to spend credits on. All of these things operated on the same currency, meaning that you could spend wrong and die. This would happen often. Though the field upgrades are gone, you can still tweak and improve your weapons through the smart use of loadout perks that can affect the behavior and damage of your guns. These perks however can also affect yourself, or your towers; but with the removal of upgrades, it would be smart to use the perk slots for more offensive purposes.Other improvements in the game are minor tweaks and additions that keep things refreshing and new in smart ways. You’ve got AI squad buddies that will assist you now. While they can take about as much damage as a dandelion, they still try. Weapon damages are tweaked, enemy damage values and health have been tweaked. Bosses have been added and maps are varied and consistently intelligently challenging. To top it all off, the game looks gorgeous and is really brought to life by its high gloss neon art style. A style that has clearly taken cues from ’80s futurism, and the Anime from that era.Sanctum 2 is a brilliant representation of a game that was developed with an open ear. When Sanctum was released in 2011, it was a great idea that wasn’t without flaws in the structure of its design. Here, Coffee Stain Studios have taken the time to improve upon every flaw, and produced an indie gem polished in the fire of scrutiny. While Sanctum 2 is still a challenging game, it’s tough in smart substantive ways that add up. Opting for this instead of the punitive approach that Sanctum was built on has made for a far superior product in the form of Sanctum 2."
,Recommended,210770,13427985,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,mematron,"It's one of my favorite games.  The good thing about Sanctum 2 is it 's good blend of tower defense and First Person Shooter genres.  If you like tower defense games you will enjoy.  If you like first person shooters you will enjoy.One thing to keep in mind is the clear line of thought that cut straight through the center of this experience.  You must use both sides of your brain to play effectively.1) You place blocks on the ground to build a maze.  Not just any maze.  Use your best creative efforts to create a maze that will make the Lumes (enemies) talk longer to get to the Core (objective).2) Place towers in a STRATEGICALLY adavantagous location.  Set up choke points where the maze becomes it's most complex and give those lumes one for!3) Suppliment the towers that you place acting like police and clean-up crew. FIGHT!Half the time you MUST think like a chess player the other half think like a soldier.  Remember that there's no such thing as the best tower.  Being a good player is as a result of  thinking defensively; Look ahead and think ahead.No, it's not all about the pew pew pew.  It's about using your brain and working for the TEAM.  Some people are good at mazes, some people are good at blowing s**t up and yet some people are good at both.My point, what makes this game exceptionally goo is the players that play for the team.  You must always remember that. I see too many people that level up yet lack basic strategy that ruins the experience.  I'll put it this way.  Why would you spend 1 hour playing 10 rounds of this game without intent to be sucessful.  I play to win and most people play video games to, you guessed it, WIN.If you can't think like a chess player then DON'T play this game.  Only half the game is fighting the other half is planning.  Really, of you 've taken a few IQ tests then some of it will look awfully familiar.Usually a review would talk about game mechanics and I'm perhaps being remiss not going thta route but this game is unique.   I large portion of that experience comes from the synergy created between the players.  Remeber friendship is magic ;)Your lord and master,mematron aka dudeacusUPDATE (12/11/2016):  The people that play the game now are mostly morons who lack perfunctory logical thought.  It's difficult to explain to a group of players that a field of Violators (sniper towers) or any of one kind of tower combined with a straight path that mainlines to the core that it's a bad idea.  These aren't people who have survived up to wave 9 - 10 waves for each map.  They survived one or two waves and therefore believe that they are doing the right thing.  When someone like me comes on server and suggest that what's being done isn't going to win the game, that's a tough pill to swallow for them.  Especially the person who is running the server.  The game has VOIP but it's really bad so most of us use the chat feature.  As all of us know from anytime spent on the internet.  The realtime separation and coldness of a chat session can leave us with robotic and souless communication.  What could be said in the spirit of a helpfull suggestion and team building becomes a BARKING order with gamer platitudes.Essentially, numbskulls have ruined this game for me.  The current mentally slow player base.  The really good players are far and few between.  I'm not saying all, but most of the people currently playing as of 12/11/2016 blow serious goat.I have therefore uninstalled this wonderful game.  Again, Coffeestain dudes, you guys made a good game - It does have some bugs that you need to fix. It's not the game. It's the F­­­­u­­­­c­­­­king  N00bs that make it suck."
76561198093045578,Recommended,210770,7904996,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,PipHoff -GER-,"This is probably the most underrated game i've played this year. Tower defense + fps makes for one addicting combo. Build your own mazes and character and go to town. Several game modes ( Campaign, FOS, Survival, Sandbox ) and solid coop add tons of replay value. The art direction is pretty nifty, too.BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,210770,8831039,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mitch,"Dole, Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole. Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole, Dole Dole Dole Dole. Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole, Dole, Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole."
,Recommended,210770,9859886,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Dts_2002,"Sanctum,Sanctum 2 and Super Sanctum TD are all just wow.If you were lucky enough to get these games during there offer weekend then you certainly have been rewarded.Such a brilliant game.Shooting,strategy you name it.Its mindblowingness floating in front of you.I say if you get it thats your day planned already"
,Recommended,210770,9790988,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Hikage,"Sanctum 2 is a very robust game, it provides a lot of fun and challenge in equal measure.The graphics are first-rate, the landscapes and scenery in the game world are breathtaking, Leonard Hummer's soundtrack is gorgeously composed, the game's characters are full of personality and have very nice designs, and the consistantly different levels means there's never a dull moment.The level of customisation in the game is incredibly diverse, even without DLC weapons and 'Perks' (abilites that provide buffs and other useful effects in-game) - there are a lot of different loadouts one can equip. Difficulty level is also customisable, instead of a traditional 'Easy - Medium - Hard - etc.' setup, this game employs the 'Feats of Strength' system, allowing you to customise how hard to make the game, options to increase enemy health, speed, and strength are all seperate, giving you a more gradual difficulty slope as you get more confident.Multiplayer is another fantastic part of this game, allowing you to create or join a server at the touch of a button. You can create a private server and invite your friends to it, or make a public one and fight alongside complete strangers, or browse the public server list and help other players.As someone that's obtained every achievement for this game, I can say there is still plenty more this game has to offer, different loadouts to try, different tower combinations, different maze layouts, I now spend time on public servers, helping them to progress through the game and I'm always fascinated by all the new and interesting approaches to the levels that I'd never even considered in my playthrough.Overall, very well polished, very enjoyable game with loads of content and replayability. I highly recommend Sanctum 2, you won't be disappointed with it."
,Recommended,210770,8864810,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,conner360,"Very fun tower defense game has lots of things to do and places to defend...i like the idea of a 3D tower defense and this game pulled it off, only thing i think its missingis perhaps more buildables like different walls and so forth,10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,210770,23160831,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Scallywag,"Pretty fun. Includes a variety of towers and weaponsHas 4 base game characters, but 5 counting DLC's.A good amount of maps to play, each lasting approx. 30 min.Good multiplayer as well."
,Recommended,210770,10639992,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Novæstras,"I couldn't tell you a reason not to be playing Sanctum 2. I'm not much of an FPS player but how revolutionary it is to combine First person AND Tower defense; hence Sanctum, has been one of the most amazing games I've ever bought and become obsessed with.  Hands down, you meet amazing people all over multiplayer. 10/10 Amazing community."
,Recommended,210770,14652053,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,brobofrodo,"just do it, give em' yo money. ───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─█████Recommended█████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████"
76561198347059236,Recommended,210770,29097795,Posted: 7 January,all,bazz,"Ireally like Sanctum, I got it recently and am having fun with the online multiplayer. Killing the enemies is really satisfying and upgrading and buildind turrets, gatling guns, electric shockers and unlocking weapons are really cool!!! :)There are four characters to choose from:1:Skye who has an assault rifle2:Sweet who has a giant rocket launcher that sets enemies on fire3:SiMo who is a robot with a sniper rifle4:Hawkins who has a shotgununlock, weapons, buildings and abilities and play according to your style and how much fun you get from playing as either one of the characters!"
,Recommended,210770,10012234,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"I enjoyed this game a lot more than the first one. Its fun having the mix of first person shooter with tower defense. The studio has also put a ton of work into it with all the DLC they released, basically doubling the size of the game in the months following its release. It is best played with people you know, or at least other online players you play with frequently."
,Recommended,210770,13407179,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mondrian,Pretty cool game i really recommend it
,Recommended,210770,9570550,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Ab$oRbeR,"A great game overall.Build a maze and place defensive towers in the building phase. Then just click enter and start shooting the enemy creatures with your own guns.That's a great mechanics and it didn't change since the first game. But there are some drastic changes which fans of the first Sanctum didn't enjoy: now the player is vulnerable to attacks, so mosters can kick your♥♥♥♥♥if your are a slowpoke. Moreover, some monsters are now aggressive and start chasing the player if he gets in range of their attack. Even more than that: blocks on top of which you place towers are now significantly lower than in the first game, so even if you are standing on top of a block, the monsters can still punch you right in the face! And one more thing: the number of blocks and towers that can be placed on a level is limited.Compared to the first game, this one has different characters to play, lots of perks and a leveling system providing a great versatility for playing and making completing the game fun (both solo-mode and 2-4-player mode)If you have played the first Sanctum, then you can already decide whether you want this game or not.If you haven't... well just TRY IT! It's a lot of fun! :D"
76561197982025973,Recommended,210770,11870711,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Zmey!,Nice TD + FPS wtih:- 100% refund for demolition (!!!) so you can entirely remake your labyrinth and defence strategy at every round- simple story- survival mode- sandbox mode- sufficient number of levels in campaign- multiplayer (up to 4 players)- perks- different weapons
76561198149056496,Recommended,210770,26006007,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,JesusRules,"Fun to play, yet difficult to master, Sanctum 2 is a good fps strategy game. Why didn't I say tower defence? Because EVERY SINGLE VICTORY OR DEFEAT DEPENDS ON YOU (except for in sandbox mode). Towers work more like AI in BFB2: they kill every once in awhile, but ultimately leave the job to you. Nevertheless, it's a great experience with (surprisingly enough) a storyline. How's that for a fps strategy? 6/10"
76561198085483284,Recommended,210770,12082669,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Reddiction,Killed myself by placing a turret11/10
,Recommended,210770,8727715,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ryder Jun-R,"Pros: Addictive gameplay, Challenging level, Map layout variety, Strategic tatical thinking required, Fun coop, Nice music, Nice visual art style, Vast variety enemey types.Cons: Boring single player, Hard to find a good coop lobby, Lack of weapon variety, Lackluster shooting gameplay, Constant falling to your death scenarios.Score: 83.17%Review after completing single player and tried survival and sandbox with feats of strength enabled"
,Recommended,210770,8826975,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Cactus Pete,"Picked it up while it was on sale, best decision this week.I bought this game so a friend and I would have a co-op shoot-em up that wasn't as simple as shooting, camping and getting mad at the screen. I also thought it was probably gonna be okay if I spent 4 dollars buying us both the game; it's not like I've wasted more money on a ♥♥♥♥♥ier game.. *cough*So, turns out this game is pretty fun. Spent a solid 2 hours slaughtering aliens in campaign until we reached a point where we couldn't advance; but that was perfectly fine! Every defeat offered us a new idea, a new maze, a new strategy. We got to a point where we had everything proritized and every turret where it needed to be. The feeling is glorious. My friend, who frequents the sniper class, expressed how amazing it was to have me down the sight watching me blow aliens to chunks.It's not the best game, but it's definitely worth a play through, and definitely worth buying on sale. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,210770,8837146,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,-{Geo}- Cegorach,"First of all - If you like Sanctum 1 you will like it too (for me as minimum), it's same game with amazing improvements (characters, weapons, towers, maps, modern FPS RPG style atc...) + good story line for game this type, it becomes more active in Character gameplay and didn't lost ""Sancum""s deep Tactical gameplay.Second, if you don't know what I'm talking about - it's the FPS tower defence, where you must make tactical decisions, build towers and also need to shoot enemies, it's amazing and deep Tactical game with FPS elements, where wins smart choice and teamplay, RPG style character improvements gives this game more strategic/tactical freedom (what skill to take, or what tower-weapons).Shortly - it's amazing game with quite cheap price for it, Really, 100% Recommend..."
,Recommended,210770,25544310,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,9rucksEph,"I liked this alot, because it was very challenging. So if you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen.10/10."
76561198060974843,Recommended,210770,9669463,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Salty Pickle Person,Fun if your not a queer
76561198124841242,Recommended,210770,9691628,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Viper92,"Love the FPS+TD game mode, one of the most fun games I've played in a while!9/10:a few minor bugs (some maps have places you can get stuck in, etc.)very well done, well blanced, no OP combos"
76561198033136013,Recommended,210770,9698601,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,NoSway,"If you like FPS and TD games then this is for you. As long as you are down for co-op. This game is seriously boring if you try and do it solo. But if you have a couple friends with it, makes for a pretty fun time."
,Recommended,210770,9719529,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Gun but possibly Run,"This game is very good, yet lacking in some respects.Sanctum 2 is a very multiplayer oriented game. If you don't have at least another person with you you will have a challenge and the game will just be less enjoyable in general. Though I say this, this game is a very unique genre, blending FPS with tower defense games, a genre normally reserved for crappy flash games. After a while though, you tend to realize that the best strategy is to set up a fortress of turrets at your exit, making the game extremely easy. Slightly flawed as it is, this game is fun and has some good moments and deserved to be tried out.8.5/10"
76561198044200741,Recommended,210770,9836568,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,NOT MY PREZ,"Grabbed this game when it was 90% off, and it is a great game for the money."
,Recommended,210770,9839231,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Guesty652,I love this game. If I were to describe it in one sentence I would say...So much fun blowing up aliens with the help of towers and friends.I have enjoyed this game so far and like that u can play survival or campaign with up to 3 players by your side. It would have to be the first game I have ever played that incorperates a first person shooter (FPS) with tower defence (TD). It is fun amking tracks for the Borgs (aliens) to run through with u and your array of towers shooting at them.Great game
76561198041336762,Recommended,210770,8850368,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Eidolon,Is essentially the first game but harder in some ways but even better than the first. The new system for weapons and perks is fantastic. Certainly the best and the only other FPS/Tower Defense ever.
,Recommended,210770,8955079,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,LWD3.,"Though I've had my fair share of bugs and crash issues with this game, I have had a great experience with it.The game accomplishes something that's truly rare in gaming. It is incredibly challenging at times, but always makes you feel as though you and your party are at fault when you fail a mission rather than the game itself feeling cheap or like the AI is way overpowered.The shooting mechanics are passable, but the depth with the perks and towers are where the game really shines. Paired with one or two party members, you really begin to find great combinations that can prove effective against the multitude of enemies and map designs you'll have to fight through each mission."
,Recommended,210770,8849193,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Baby Watermelon,its a grat game
76561198116726340,Recommended,210770,8972957,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Petrobro01,Amazing Game.
,Recommended,210770,9856791,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,MDX,"Kann ich jedem empfehlen der noch die gute alte Warcraft TD Zeit mitbekommen hat, mit dem Unterschied das man die Möglichkeit hat in der Ego Perspektive zu kämpfen sobald die Gegner spawnen. Macht mit 3 Freunden extrem Spaß und durch die 5 wählbaren Kraftakte pro Level hat man auch ne gute Herausforderung. Gibt auch ne Menge Secrets zu entdecken. Das Game beweist wieder einmal das weniger manchmal mehr ist."
,Recommended,210770,11398234,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,JacqueDelRio,"Have you ever wanted to play Halo Tower Defense? Well this is your lucky day because Sanctum 2 is a fun game with tons of replayability.  Get it if you like fps or tower defense, because this game delivers the best of both worlds."
,Recommended,210770,11130443,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Spjoon,"Pretty good game, but after a while it gets boring and incredibly hard. 6/10"
76561198018910581,Recommended,210770,10849446,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,upgrayedd,the sequel is  brilliant
76561198073574787,Recommended,210770,11794389,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Shamus McFuckyourself,its dog dayum facking AWESOME. i love this game its great fun and hard which just a big +. iam happy how it looks how the enemys work and the bosses are just cool and hard 2 deal with andi love the 4 dlc's in this game a chance for more weapons and cool tower.now what i dont like well the amount of maps there arnt rly loads of em i wish there was a bouch more of em.well the map's are rly cool and yer rly gotta use your brain in this game which its healthyso yea good luck 2 the ones who made this game hope your company lives long and stronge oh yea keep makeing games like this
76561198008534531,Recommended,210770,9800424,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,zonemagorgo,Pretty good time!
76561198079504902,Recommended,210770,11321438,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dynosaur,"Get it, just get it."
,Recommended,210770,957141,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Azrik,When I first picked up this game I was upset at how they had changed it. However the more I play it the more I love it. The game has a better balance between tower defence and fps skill than the first one did. They also do regular updates to the game to improve on things that may be lacking.
,Recommended,210770,17632646,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Loglino,10/10Bighead mode.
76561198051372395,Recommended,210770,11503154,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,cheesedude66,"Sanctum 2 is an interesting combination of 2 game genres I like: tower defense and first-person shooter. You place pedestals that hinder enemy movement, and then turrets of varying types on top of those. Then, once the baddies start attacking, pick up your assault rifle and defend the cores along with them. It's a pretty good game with a simple objective. The tower designs are nice and futuristic, the enemies are interesting (especially bobbleheads), and overall it's just fun to play. Something that I enjoyed is that the game doesn't try to hold your hand through everything. It gives you a basic idea of ""this is a tower"" and ""protect this core"", but the finer points are up to the player to discover. And I don't mean something like up up down down left right left right B A (Google it, if you must know) where you need someone else to tell you about it, I mean through playing the game and experimenting with how everything works, you can figure it all out on your own. It's put together mostly well, but it is not without it's flaws. I find myself pretty frequently running into things on the floor, stopping me in my tracks over essentially nothing. I also have occasional difficulty with the XBox controller support. It seems to only happen in menus, but sometimes, the game does not respond to me pushing the directional buttons or analog sticks."
76561197977035886,Recommended,210770,11759028,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Pony Princess,"Easier, More interesting, and more fun than Sanctum 1"
,Recommended,210770,5197183,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,♥ Nia-Nina ♥,This is one of the best Tower defence games that you can find. There are many things to unlock many secrets/easter-eggs to be found and many diffrent maps to be played! This game is awesome to play in Singleplayer mode but even better in Multiplayer together with your friends! . But sometimes things get a little boring. you have to sometimes take a break since being stuck on the same level for a while is not annying but neither is it fun. Its just boring.I'd give it 7.5 Stars for having a unique enemy design as well as many cool weapons and towers to collect!
,Recommended,210770,867675,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,י♪ Ron ר ★,Sanctum 2 combines the FPS and Tower Defence genre’s to produce a truly innovative and unique niche game that is incredibly addictive and fun to play. 10/10
76561198050976637,Recommended,210770,8861935,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Zernitire (ジョー),"Simply amazing, and breath taking."
,Recommended,210770,7900783,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Fléchette Spectre [M.I.L.L.I.],FPS and Tower Defense gave birth to this. what's not to love :D <3
,Recommended,210770,11754597,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Xordar,"I really like the concept of this game.  The ability to move blocks and towers, and swap out towers without penalty, are great touches.  The game was completely different from what I was expecting, and I wish I would have heard of this game sooner.  I love finding a game that introduces me to something new and enjoyable.  Simple and enjoyable.  The maps vary enough to keep things from becoming too redundant.  I like that I can go back to previous maps, and try to set my own goals, such as: fewest blocks and towers used, all turrets, all ground pounders, nothing but blocks, and anything else that creates a challenge.  I really enjoy standing at the exit of a long maze of turrets, just blasting away at those mobs that thought they were going to make it to the end.  Chain-reaction exploding mobs anyone?"
76561198228957704,Recommended,210770,21631078,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mr Maza,Great action packed game!
76561198006397665,Recommended,210770,21553355,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dec Lourious,"If you are looking for a good way to spend your time, well this is a game for you.Things to note when you finish the game regularly, you are finished right, wrong.... there are DLCs for Sanctum 2, and by the way its a blast.And Sanctum 2 has a great story line, that be you have to read it..All in all its still the first game to use this machanic... the first to have a First-person Tower Defence,,,,Just play the 1st Sanctum, its more as a tutorial then a game, but it Sanctum.. Sanctum2 can be play with 4 people, be it that I might be incorrect, it has a multiplayer co-op champain as well.....Its a great game that I would gladly recommend people to play....If you have children you should probable not let them play this.... it has parts of enemies that go flying, and violence with weapons.... If you are a parent and reading this, you might be thinking to yourself ""What age group can play this""?I would recommand testing them out with the first one before taking the leap into 2.....But mainly do not let a 5 year old play this... 11 is fine, 12.... yes they can play this game, if they do not have any medical problems to violence, then its fine.... 13 and over they can play it....::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::SPOILER WARNING::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Now after finished the regulare route, then pop on over to the DLCs for more.You gain more weapons, towers and power ups..... as well as enemies....And the story line is greatly extented...There are a total of 4 DLCs and 2 DLC packs (skins and soundtracks)You also gain a super cute and helpful robot, I have found some power-ups to suck... incredibly....AND THERE ARE BEES................................. AND THE ENEMEIES WILL ALL BE LIKE ""NOTTHE BEEEEEEEEEEES""And also, there is no end after this DLC, non-what so ever... but the wave count to actully finishingthe entire game is at large, I`m not joking about that.... It has so many waves of monsters on the last stand, I actully tryed to finished but got bord right around 45-50.... to be honest, you need all the players you can get.... and the sandbox to do it... (and no you cannot do it on sandbox)....If any of you who have read this, and are confused then leave a comment... I will modify this to meet your expectations.... and please do not write something if necesary... I mean it...(Also to note... Finish Sanctum, then go onto Sanctum2... You will thank yourself for doing it... It makes this game a hole lot better, and easier to finish....)I recommend the game.... good job Coffee, for making this great game........... Thank you(And note, stop reading this sentence).........."
,Recommended,210770,21566249,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,iono,"Love this game, esp in CoOp mode."
,Recommended,210770,8839529,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Lain Iwakura,Thats a very interesting game about tower defense. You can build towers as always but also in this game you can kill these monsters by yourself.Why dont you buy it?
,Recommended,210770,9777360,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,ollidar,Good game to play with friends
76561198042749699,Recommended,210770,14974252,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Hitman Average Joe,"This is an excellent game to play with your friends. towers, cool, shoot stuff, cool, play with my friends who moved far away due to life and get to have good laughs over a few beers. AMAZING"
,Recommended,210770,13579024,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KayDee,A great tower defense game because i mean a first person shooter tower defend come on thats pretty damn cool
,Recommended,210770,20992023,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Randy Marsh [OpenSUSE TW],"Really fun hybrid/FPS TD game.Before the level you pick your character, weapon and the perks and towers you want to equip. You also unlock more as you rank up and can gain more xp with applying buffs (feats of strength) to give you bonus XP. Before the waves start you run around building the blocks/foundations and then spend money to build the towers you've equipped in the loadout or upgrade them. Then you start the wave and while the towers you built are doing their job you just run around blowing up alien-like creatures and gunning them down.I love TD games/maps and this is really fun! Even better I got this for $3 USD on the Lunar sale instead of $15.  Still worth it either way, though. It's a must-buy, especially at sale price.Pros:-Fun as fun can be-Graphics are decent and pretty, nice environment and textures.-Running around blowing things up while towers work is fun.-Maze maze maze.-Heaps of perks and towers to unlock.-Can play solo, co-op or online. Private or public.-Bosses can smash your towers so prioritise them or build empty blocks on the outer perimeter.Cons:-Difficulty scaling isn't perfect. I'm not sure if it scales with more players if you play online/co-op. Starting levels were quite hard, middle levels quite easy,-Needs more content, although the game is cheap.-Repetitive like most TD games, nottoo[/] much though, just that there's not much different strats you can do, although tactical juxtaposition perk can change things up a bit."
,Recommended,210770,21120570,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Aeth,"Tower defense. FPS. Both.Fun, play with some buddies.Maps vary a lot and allow for complete customization.Good solid tower defense steam game. Plus, multiplayer. Friends are best."
,Recommended,210770,254074,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,yankeeDEUCE,"Compared to Sanctum 1 this focuses a bit more on the shooter part than the tower defense part. Some of the new changes are nice (characters, weapons, leveling), others need a little work (timed build phase, resource management). Still a fun hybrid of First Person Shooter and Tower Defense.Seems like a lot of people who think it sucks just  wanted an updated Sanctum 1 and didn't bother to look into the game before buying it. The resources and tower limit were both known about before release. The resources definitely needs work, would like to see a few more towers available each wave as well. The tower limit makes you think of placement even more, and I have only hit the cap once so far.Would recommend buying the game but waiting on the Season Pass for now."
76561197995682373,Recommended,210770,20730692,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,El_Moldy_Pickle,"This game.... Well, it's a fairly decent mixed tower D.  You'll find that one combo that just always works as in every tower D.  Infuriating part is the last level.  Spent 6 hours or better attempting to beat it.  Only conclusion, from watching youtube, is it's exceptionally easier in single player to beat it.  The enemy scaling is just ridiculous with 4 players on the last map."
76561198048888483,Recommended,210770,8862250,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Corner Guy 2.0,"This game is wonderfull, it is a combination of tower defense and first person shooters.  It does require more than 1 person to beat the later stages, but the multiplayer system it well implemented."
76561198026348852,Recommended,210770,9810755,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Norbik ^0CZ,"Great game, tower defense mixed with fps, you have a lot of options, many secrets to discover, through the dlc's u can double amount of the playable missions with a lot of new towers and enemies. In comparsion price/fun this is MUST BUY, season pass is around 1e on sale and the game itself around 2e, this game with all dlc's for 3euros this is awesome!"
,Recommended,210770,4384900,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Κινέζος,Awsome Game with great Multi-Player. All it needs is MORE ACHIVEMENTS!I highly recommend this game :)
,Recommended,210770,8866164,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The Dancing Russian Cat,Just the voice acting.
76561198066580119,Recommended,210770,15017139,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,iSayBooyah26,"Sanctum 2 is a tower defense game, redefined into an awesome, action packed, and strategical first person shooter as well. Building your defenses is just as important as defending the objective and planning what to do next in the next set of enemies as they come rushing towards you. Play as 4 different characters with a whole arsenal of weapons in Sanctum 2, along with the great sets towers and relays to help assist you on your defense that Sanctum 2 has to offer."
,Recommended,210770,13920323,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,KevinFromHeaven,"Though it strays from the roots of the original gameplay of Sanctum 1, it is a great game. Wonderful graphical lift, nice new enemy models and behavior. New original character classes with their own specs and personalities. New weapons, new towers, new everything. I find it to be a great sequel with lots of differences."
76561198016643754,Recommended,210770,11269282,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,A Squire of Gorgonia,"Interesting, colorful Intuitive, and all in all a beautifull game. Lacks a little of the forlorn feeling of the first game, but you can definetely feel the hard work and detail they put into every minute of the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,210770,11705743,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Baconnoms,"moonbase alpha text-to-speech, best game 10/10 also very good tower defence minigame"
76561198042433582,Recommended,210770,11718400,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Liserk,I really like this game.But some things to improve is:1) make held weapons upgradable2) different kinds of enemies as in design wise3) colour schemes for EVERYTHING including towers4) more classes
,Recommended,210770,8903264,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,burlapjack,"There is so much that I love about this game I don't know where to begin.  The first Sanctum was a very good game in my opinion, but it had its shortcomings, most of which were remedied here in the sequel.  The new class system is so fantastic!  A TF2 addict like myself is going to love the classes.  The ability to jump over  your walls is very handy!  In the first Sanctum, you needed those lousy elevator whatcha-ma-call-ems to get over them.  The new character perk system trumps the old weapon upgrading system.  Who wants to have to deal with that each round? Jeez, I just want a simple layout, I'm here to shoot stuff! This sequel let's you focus your time on the towers, rather than having to allocate funds toward weapons each round.  One thing I really enjoy about S2 is that they give you just a small amount of towers each round instead of a bunch at the beginning.  This  has made co-op much quicker, and makes it seem more like a cooperative effort.  Believe me, the bickering about towers in the old Sanctum were so annoying.  There was always that ""artist"" who wanted to create some amazing design, and it would take them FOREVER to finish it.Buy this game.  Its suits the shell-shocker and the logical strategist alike."
,Recommended,210770,9262982,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Two Trucks Having Sex,I want to go to there.
,Recommended,210770,11987376,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LeonardS,fps + def turret = sanctum2
,Recommended,210770,9032281,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,PetermyroFromPetermyro<3,"It was good at the begginig, but it ended up being boring as I went to lvl 14, but in is fine though for the price."
,Recommended,210770,9866851,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Crescenda,"Played the first Sanctum and have to say that if you liked it then you will enjoy this one more. They took what was good and made it better. Sweet Autumn was a riot to play, rocket launcher is awesome! :D There are six little mini games hidden within semi hard to get to areas that are more challenging than the game itself sometimes but oh so satisfying when you get your ""six pack"". Bobble heads are your worst enemy, everything else is a cake walk xD 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,11754622,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,MailMan,Very enjoyable game. Combining FPS and tower defense was a great idea. Also fairly balanced and fun to play.10/10
76561198079803388,Recommended,210770,6933432,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Falseangel17,"This is most likely one of my most favorite titles to date. I loved the original, and I love it's successor even more. Sanctum two seamlessly combines both tower defense and FPS gameplay to create an amazing experience. You both have to have good marksmenship and strategy to get the most out of this game, and the ways it made me challenge myself to create the perfect mazes kept me entertained for hours. I absolutely reccomend this game!"
76561198083318571,Recommended,210770,13608671,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mi3k15 ツ,"My game, when i join, just keeps spinning to the left. until someone helps me with this, my game is pretty much unplayable. All the reviews i have read are to complex....still a good game though."
,Recommended,210770,13159217,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Opalium,"Sanctum 2 is a game combining tower-defense concepts with a first-person shooter. Taking place in a futuristic world, join with up to 3 other people (4 player co-op) to defend waves after waves of the biggest bunch of bugs you've probably seen lately. Featuring a large vareity of towers, weapons and perks across multiple maps, Sanctum 2 is definately a game to look at. Multiple types of enemies will force you to think of new innovative strategies to stop them from destorying your core, accompanied by a well-designed world and characters.The game also has a leveling system that will motivate you to keep playing in order to open new stages, and also allows you to set higher or lower difficulties if you feel the game is too easy/hard. (And believe, it can be VERY hard)The story is quite dull and there is a lot of DLC, and a few balancing issues still exist, but still, Sanctum 2 is definately one of the best tower-defense games out there, so you don't want to miss on that classic.So get ready! It's time to save the world!"
,Recommended,210770,10929090,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Red,"A great combination of an fps and tower defense, your standard storyline of humans verse some alien species and you must defend your life support systems, great co-op game with a large seleciton of towers and weapons. And an entire dlc dedicated to Half-Life whats not to love. 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,17627681,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,justin,"A fast paced shooter game, goal is to make sure the monsters take as much time trying to get to you as possible. Had a few hours into this game, very fun, enjoyed it with friends."
76561197994893996,Recommended,210770,1570085,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,MAC_II,Fun Game if you like the 1st person shooter meets Tower Defense games.  Similar to Dungeon Defenders.
,Recommended,210770,8853158,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Drahonn,=))))
,Recommended,210770,14989857,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Badderthanevil,"Awesome mix of genres, it makes me wish I never bought Dungeon Defenders but that doesn't take much. This FPTDS (First Person Tower Defense Shooter) combines strategy and the FPS into an alien killing frenzy. The excitement as a new wave comes, frantically defending the core using fun weaponary and damagin towers. Levelling up also unlocks new possibilities: new perks, weapons and towers. Feats of strength are there when you fancy a challenge and the comic style story clips make this game unique, to think it is an indie game amazes me. A good entry to FPS games for those to young to play realistic ones as it is a 12, but still enjoyable as you mow down hoardes of interesting new aliens with a gun that shoots pure electricity.7/10"
76561198129532389,Recommended,210770,16548517,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,*guy747,"My favorite TS game ever. Sanctum 2 is a mix of a shooter and a tower defense game and thats what makes the game so fun.Its a really challenging game and you need to sharpen your skills to the top if you want to beat it.Overall with all the unique things, fun content and an available DLC I rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,210770,16445111,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fräulein Zasha Benetnash,"Nice game, 10/10"
76561198067037549,Recommended,210770,16347502,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lucas2point0,"An already innovative mix of FPS and tower defense, Sanctum 2 expands upon every aspect of the original game brilliantly.  More weapons, perks, and playabl characters make the game feel so much more enriching to play. The added aspect of multiplayer quadruples the fun with four player co-op."
,Recommended,210770,16021127,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,jake_hartley88,Fast paced FPS-Tower Defense action with co-op. 9/10
,Recommended,210770,11023117,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Smiggins,This game can be really fun with friends!
,Recommended,210770,12136312,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,黄昏 // Senja,"when I randomly entered someone room, I was being yelled noob siht.10/10 would be yelled again (y)"
,Recommended,210770,11114230,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheLawMan,"It's a nice game that requires both shooting and strategising, which is rarely seen together. [8/10]"
76561198118677536,Recommended,210770,15820752,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Chunky Lord,SANCTUM 2 IS THE BEST GAME EVER!! GET NOW OR ELSE. I actually never knew that killing spores would give me this much pleasure. I love this game I will treasure it forever.
,Recommended,210770,15856746,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,galaxeo ✾,"I absolutely loved this game. Though I haven't played it in around a year and a bit, I remember clearly how much fun it was playing a FPS mixed in with a TD game. The multiplayer feature was great, and playing with friends is the reason why I had so much fun with this game."
,Recommended,210770,11919325,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,lil dil's biggest fan ❣,"Fun, great spin on TD but poorly optimizied. Does perform well when settings are bumped down a bit.R9 270XFX 6300"
76561198064545249,Recommended,210770,15881145,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Crimson,"Solid FPS and TD gameplay combined, good combination if you like both."
76561197997508371,Recommended,210770,14265017,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gamer Luna,Seriously Best Game ever for 4 people
,Recommended,210770,1047477,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Proton,Fun exciting tower-defense goodness. Enjoyable and challenging solo or in a group!
,Recommended,210770,13579981,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kimboop,"Amazing co-op game. There is a range of ways you can play, to accomodate everyone from the hardcore FPS type to the complete newbie - without feeling useless in a team. Great level design. There is rarely ""one true solution"", so it keeps me thinking. The enemies range from cute to cool to just plain annoying - but they all provide challenge. Love the character customization, it gives me a ton of options to experiment with such that the gameplay never gets stale. The story told through comics is a great addition as well, and I can't wait to see how they wrap things up.Also, major props to the team for providing frequent updates. I was playing when it launched and there were a number of problems, but they were all fixed within a week. They're attentive to the community, and that's awesome. <3"
,Recommended,210770,12001316,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,「Giordo」,"Quite good, Just gets a little repetitive after a while."
76561198120344881,Recommended,210770,8873267,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,wity rity,like the idea of the game but i havent played it yet because for some reson when ever i try to start it it atomaticly cancels the start up and dosent give me any info on why no error sign or reqare ment failure text box or not even a single thing shows up i just click on it to start nothing happens and it didnt even try to start if some one knows whats going on or they have the same problem let me know how to fix it and maybe you can give me some info athour. it looks cool though i just wish i could play it
,Recommended,210770,12082862,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,★DogeJo★,"FPS + TowerDefense. Very fun but in the late stages, you gotta read some guides to find out how to defeat some of the bosses. Multiplayer is fun but I find that each map generally becomes boring after you played it a few times since you're not going to deviate much from the tower formation you successfully used on that map. There is not much story going on, its all action from start to end. Overall a recommended buy."
76561198045349048,Recommended,210770,13478033,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ikapgam,Bought on sale with friends. We had a pretty nice times playing this game. Nice co-op for relax.
,Recommended,210770,13411848,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,valczir,"This game is wonderful fun.  It's a simple concept - FPS Tower Defense.  You don't really have much crossover between the two genres - you set up your towers before the wave starts, then swap to weapons and help the towers blow things up during the wave.  There is also a little bit of character customization - not enough to actually create builds, but little things like choosing which weapons and towers to take with you in to battle does create different play styles for different people.Basically, if you want to shoot a bunch of aliens that are crawling through a maze of turrets you built, this is your game."
,Recommended,210770,15150122,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DinoSaar,"Sanctum 2, I believe, is the only game of it's type. It's a mix of a tower defense game with a first person shooter. You place tower bases to create a path that the monsters will follow. Then you can put machine guns, turrets, etc. on the tower bases. When the monsters come in, instead of letting the turrets do everything, you play as a character of your choice and shoot the monsters as well. The game is really fun, but also difficult in singleplayer. I recommend playing with your friends in co-op because the levels get very challenging."
,Recommended,210770,4204112,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,DarkMouse,Amazing strategy tower defence game which unashamedly throws mobs into your path for your pleasure
,Recommended,210770,8867729,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Mek,"Fantastic game, a near-perfect mixture of tower defence and FPS, with nice controls, stunning graphics and a wide variety of difficulty options and settings for the newest to the eldest of FPS gamers. This game is definately worth a try. 9/10"
,Recommended,210770,13814446,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vanilla,10/10
,Recommended,210770,5057839,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,J. Mad,"If you like the first one, or if you do not, it does not even matter. This one is more of a strategy game. Ressources are more limited, towers also are, and you really need to be there and shoot - else the core will be destroyed for sure. Many things changed, and it is for the best ! Maps are cool and beautiful - as always -, new very likeable weapons were added - as well as towers -, interesting plot (even if you do not play it for a scenario, still nice to have a background story), perks make a difference, and feasts of strengh are your real challenge."
76561198040993744,Recommended,210770,10926996,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CD - Weezy,I bought this on sale didn't quite know what this game was but it was a nice time waster with some friends.
,Recommended,210770,8838382,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Vashton,"After testing it out I have to say they did a very good job improving from the first game, Worth it especially at it's sell price."
,Recommended,210770,8866805,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ika! \( ^-^)/,"For those who like ""tower defence"" games, This games is nothing but a pefrect tower defence game. you not only have to build towers but you also take action while playing, this makes game even more interesting then other defence games. Also in game there are really nice skills, lots of sci-fi weapons, many kinds of turrents, game can ger very hard, for those who seek for true challenge in defence games, you can find that challenge in this game. This is the most advanced defence game imo."
,Recommended,210770,18477149,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Jayro,"OK, so, the other day I literally spent FIVE HOURS playing one single match on sandbox mode. This game WILL kill any projects you have as you won't be able to get away from it. 10/10 would buy again"
76561198073836706,Recommended,210770,18488486,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Eevee,so guuuud
,Recommended,210770,18529348,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FRM,"One of the best co-op games to date , worth getting especially when on sale."
76561197993761027,Recommended,210770,18561094,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,samanosuke,"DUDE, this game is oh so much fuuuuun. its pretty much building up a base made of towers and then going all out on a bunch of aliens. sweet weapons, creative towers, wierd and challanging enimies. the final DLC ending kinda sucks but whatever, its an amazing universe and an amazing game. its even better with friends."
,Recommended,210770,18562016,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,republicofpeter,"This game is highly addictive. I loved have a FPS game mixed with Tower Defense. It worked so well together. The levels are nice an varied. The monsters are fun to kill except for those game stalk things with balls on their heads. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate those things! :) The weapons, characters, different unlocks give the game a lot of replayability. Playing with others is a blast too. A great addition to any library.9/10 Solid FPS TD games. Just make sure you kill those damn Stalk things first!"
,Recommended,210770,18301823,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Valiant0ne,Fun FPS/ Tower Defense game. Really enjoyable meld of genres.
76561198067592867,Recommended,210770,18279377,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,stevedave718,"It's fun, good idea to cross FPS with tower defense. If you like both of these game formats, definitely buy this game!"
76561198032528294,Recommended,210770,18179593,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Warriorsage,"I'm not comparing this to Sanctum 1, because I never got through the first few levels of it.  I also typically don't like tower defense, and while this game is an exception, it also means I'll probably miss the finer points that a TD nerd would happily point out.  The 7300+ positive reviews massively outweighing the 700+ negative reviews should probably tell you something.The graphics are simple, clean, and flashy, and what little voice acting there is is pretty well done.  Unlike the previous title this game has an actual story, told through comic-style  stills inebetween levels.  While I wrote better dialogue when I was in high school, it was nice to have some kind of setting, something a lot of tower defense games don't bother with.Each character has a different passive ability.  There are eventually 20 towers total, 16 weapons, which with enough levels, can be swapped out to any pair on a single character.  There are also 63 perks altogether.  Some of these items are only obtained through the DLC.  Altogether, the DLC effectively doubles the size of the game, so even if they didn't contain weapons and perks are absolutely worth getting.Many different synergies exist between the combination of equipped towers, weapons, and perks.  The game supports up to 4 players, and everyone has their own loadouts and resources, but they share the same tower limit from single player.Speaking of that, the game can be very challenging to solo.  I was stuck on some maps for hours, but I persevered.  The balance is reflected in the fact that only once or twice did I have to grind out some levels for a tower or weapon to make enough difference for me to get past certain areas.  Even then it was probably unnecessary.Once you're done with that, up to five ""feats of strength"" can be enabled per level to increase xp and make the game tougher.  At its most basic, expect to get stuck on half a dozen of the game's levels, and, like Dark Souls, expect a generous rush when you complete a level you were sure was impossible to solo.The game isn't perfect, but I would pay full price for the total package."
,Recommended,210770,18272152,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Jambock,"The game is incredible! Sincerely. Only two problems that i've noticed:1st - It's a little hard to make a full party, a shame since the game is a lot more fun with a full party.2nd - The game HAD to be a little longer, and with bigger maps it would be wonderful! The Ending mission, despite being a little ""small"" give a cool discharge of adrenaly and the ending of the game (yes, not the map) despite simple is very cool... I want to fight that EVA! xD9/10"
,Recommended,210770,8386797,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jtunn,"I like the idea of combining a FPS and a tower defense game, but my only issue with it is that the faces are static. ZERO emotion. creepy as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,210770,4661789,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Just a Little Sodium Chloride,"A great improvement of many aspects from the original.  It's a near seamless blend of the FPS and Tower Defense genres.  However, if you were turned off by the original, odds are you wouldn't like this iteration either."
,Recommended,210770,8335662,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,concelor,"A unique idea on top of the standard tower defense formula.  Not only do you get to have a solid tower defense game, but given the strength and variety of the enemy you need to pick up arms and help defend the glowing orb thing as well.  Great music and graphics along with a stylized way of telling the story makes this a solid game for any tower defense fanGameplay: 10Graphics: 8Story: 7Replayablity: 10"
,Recommended,210770,7829036,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Meet The Pyro,"Awesome like Sactum, but with more awesomeness!Very recommended if you liked the first one, or just want to play an awesome TD-ish game!"
76561198099206257,Recommended,210770,8855596,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Rawr,"it is a great TD game, you get to build your towers and play different characters to shoot those monsters/aliens down.."
,Recommended,210770,9842908,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Bronzebeard,Gayet başarılı bir tower defence/FPS oyunu. Tavsiye ediyorum eğlenerek oynuyoruz arkadaşlarla.
,Recommended,210770,5549692,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Wisp,"The second installment of the world's first FPS/Tower Defense hybrid game, and more than I could have hoped for! And excellent blend of both genres, it offers awesome cosmetics and invigorating gameplay, while portraying an interesting story and unique characters with a visual novel throughout."
,Recommended,210770,9467153,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Your Mom™,"This game is a first person shooter mixed with a tower defense. You fight off alien robots in waves, with the help of the towers that you build."
,Recommended,210770,7904799,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Dedi,Tower Defence and FPS all in one!
76561198067319679,Recommended,210770,8864095,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[Scrub]SpongeMAN,I'd have to give this 12 pickles out of 8 goku's. Truly a life changing churro. We will never forget. Occupy GTA V
76561197966110935,Recommended,210770,11706371,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,JollyYellow,Significant improvement over the first Sanctum. Difficulty is much more quickly ratcheted up in the beginning and often times forces you to directly intervene in the places where your towers can't remove enemies. The gameplay has expanded beyond the tower defense genre with surprises that will disrupt your carefully placed turrets but careful planning will still carry the round.
,Recommended,210770,8498284,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FakeGhostPirate,"Really fun game, especially for the price."
,Recommended,210770,11740939,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,"SyahAzu ('',)","Very superb game,, even the graphics also fantastic 2d in 3d engine"
,Recommended,210770,11704830,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Selkie707,Fun game
,Recommended,210770,11707057,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,saeraphas,"Sanctum 2 doesn't offer much in the way of tutorial for new players, starting your right in the action. The most essential elements of gameplay are explained in mouseover tooltips, and after that it's just you and your strategy versus wave after wave of very hostile aliens.Campaign storyline progress is provided in a comic book page style on each level's loading screen, and the levels start out pretty empty - it's up to you to decide how best to deploy your defenses based on what's coming next from the enemy direction.Gameplay is balanced such that your towers don't quite dispatch all of the oncoming hostiles on their own - you'll need to go toe to toe with some heavy hitting bosses to keep your core safe.Multiple gameplay modes and difficulties make this game challenging enough to be satisfying without being too hard to enjoy. This game has the distinction of being one of the few I've ever played where death isn't ruinously frustrating - if you die, you wait ten seconds to respawn and you jump blazing back into the action. I'd place my FPS skills at ""below average"" on a good day, and I was still able to finish the campaign on my own in a few days.Overall, this game is an outstanding value, and a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,210770,9770271,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,SGT. Kai,this game should never be dissed becuase it is a good mix of the two elements that are in the tags (fps and tower defence) i highly recommened this game becuasee it is really addicting and it is also fun to see everything it offers you with.the guns are amzing the characters are all unique in skills and the dlc really stands out i mean have you ever seen a skin pack dlc in a game that isnt minecraft xbox 360.also the best character i think is the dlc one who i cant remember the name of.because they have the strongest starter gun which is a ballista (crossbow). back to the point of the game.anyway.GET THIS GAME!
,Recommended,210770,12026584,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Twitch_Fox,Rather fun Tower Defense game. The text-to-voice synthesisers led to many a childish comments being typed just to hear the robotic voices say them.
,Recommended,210770,10782593,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Primus,"This game does a fantastic job combining the enjoyment of strategizing in a tower defense with the fast-paced action of a shooter. Unlike a lot of games that try to combine TD with another genre, one style tends to fall short of the other in terms of importance to game content and/or quality. That is not the case in Sanctum. I saw it as a bold move combining the slow meticulous strategy of tower defense with the fast-paced twitch style of FPS but this game knew what it was doing. The tower defense aspect is fun and engaging and not as slow and monotonous as it often is in games like Dungeon Defenders, while the FPS aspect is diverse and rewarding with a multitude of weapons and augmentations."
76561198087281772,Recommended,210770,8861347,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,matthew609,it's fun
,Recommended,210770,23002484,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Rigamo,Fun and unique. great with friends.
,Recommended,210770,9144744,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mentallo,"It is one of the best tower defense games! The combination of FPS and tower building gives you an unique game experience. There are various characters to choose from with different capabilities. Much more towers and weapons are available, most of them are rather interesting and have nice effects. The design of the levels is spectacular and gives the game a good atmosphere. The new monsters are cool, however some are not present from the previous game. I think the campaign mode is well balanced, with perks it is even more fun to play. There is a lot more variety compared to the first release. There are even some hidden mini games at some levels, that's a very good idea. I liked Sanctum 2 very much and I hope that there will be more DLC in the future :) I wish all the best for the Team!"
76561198067316696,Recommended,210770,24894323,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,reaper99999,"I got a lot of enjoyment out of sanctum 2, most of it was solo but the few times I was able to play with friends were the best. I was surprised(good surprise) at the ammount of customization you can have, the different characters, weapon choices, perk system, almost made it feel rpg like...almost, I supposed the closest comparison I can think of is bioshock, sanctum 2 obviously doesnt have the indepth story but you can make a good number of effective and interesting builds to play as. if you liked bioshock's combat and are interested in tower defense, give it a try.I did enjoy the soundtrack but that will be highly subjective from person to person."
,Recommended,210770,9445637,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,KITTENCOMMANDER,This is an amazing game to play with friends!!
,Recommended,210770,9953340,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Cuddles the Dalek,"This game is ridiculously entertaining. Change out your towers, primary and secondary weapoons (all of which have 2 firing modes), and add up to 3 abilities that influence you style of play. You can choose towers that wear away at enemies while you go in guns blazing and kill everything that moves, letting the towers pick off the stragglers, with perks (it's the best thing to call them) that increase the damage you deal with every enemy. Or, you could reverse roles, choosing towers that will get every enemy (or at least take out a lot of its health), and let you finish it off, with perks that increase tower damage and overall efficieny. Or, you can play for $h!ts and giggles, with whatever towers you want, any 2 weapons, and some ridiculous perks (like Plumber Shoes, that deals 4000 damage to any enemy you land onwhile jumping. Or Tactial Juxtaposition, that makes fast weapons fire slow but do more damage, and slow weapons fire fast but do less damage. Or... you get the picture.)The part I like best about this game though? That you can toggle if enemies get more difficult with every wave on or off. Unlike most tower defense, the enemies stay the same health for every wave BY DEFAULT. No more losing on the second last wave because you couldn't kill an enemy that took just 5 shots to kill on wave 1. You can turn that option on though for more XP to level up faster, if you wish.TL;DR: Fun as hell, no matter what your play style. 10/10, would fail over and over with friends again"
76561198017622045,Recommended,210770,13207510,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Woof,"Great game, struggling to beat it 100% with all the feats of strength though, stuck on that map with the giant cannon, everything before that I've 100% done. A bit rage inducing and can't alt+f4. The menus are laggy (capped at 30fps) and theres too many prompts of yes/no, the loading screens take a bit to finish. Other than that a great game.For sanctum 3, the block walls should be alittle higher, because some of the enemies look like they can hop over easily but they derp along the path which is funny. With all the feats on, theres alot of weapons/perks/towers than seem rather weak, avoiding that issue would be nice.Also to add replayability, maybe add a rpg element like borderlands 2 badass points system, where you get points to spend in stats from doing grinding/achievements/victories or whatever, to enhance your characters alittle but not too much to avoid overpowering players. But that will probably create alot of cheaters like with borderlands 2 badass system, but maybe the system could be in the steam cloud rather than on peoples hdd, i dunno, whatever. At least I can just not play with the cheaters xD"
,Recommended,210770,8850812,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mad_Luffi,"Sanctum 2 is definitely worth the purchase.  The game is difficult but not too difficult or frustrating like most Tower Defense games.  The difference here is that you actually have control of the game in a FPS way.  Not only do you place walls, towers, and other goodies, but you are also in the arena fighting the waves first hand.There are a few issues with the game.   For one playing by yourself is just not fun.  Difficulty scales with number of players but teamwork is far superior than lone wolfing.  Another issue is the controls being awkward.  Playing with a controller makes things easier, since the game is made for the Xbox 360.  But what makes the games' controls awkward is that you have to understand that it's an FPS so you also have to place/upgrade/sell the walls/turrets/dispensers in first person view.  The placement system is also bright and kinda distracting.  The weird thing is that you also see what other players are ""planning"" to build.  It makes for easy communication when building the path way but sometimes you get your build tool mixed up with your allies build tools.  At least the upside on that is if you misplace your wall/tower you can always sell it for all of your resources back.Besides the issues which I would consider pretty minor, I would rate this game extremely playable and worth the purchase.  Tower defense games are naturally addicting but then you add in FPS too it?  Well I'm sold!"
,Recommended,210770,14899534,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Guy Dreamlike,Amazing game! If you like tower defense and FPS this is a must have.Great to co-op with friends. Sorry to the friends I accidentally dropped a towerbase on.
76561198035853092,Recommended,210770,9804930,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,mAschin hellcase.com,Cheap and good game!
,Recommended,210770,18352380,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ＰＡＣＭＡＮＯＮＩＭ | Now he's ａｗａｙ．．．,"FPS Tower Defense concept.Not really worth it, but gud."
,Recommended,210770,11733788,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,DoomMeister,"This game is really nice. It's suited for casual gameplay and power gameplay. The game mechanics are nice and easy, and make it balanced, so that even new players can deal just as much damage as veterans. All around a nice game, and really nice graphics. It's also fun to try and find the hidden codes on the maps :)"
76561198118814003,Recommended,210770,11065154,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,genericbot,"Sanctum 2 is a Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game.1. Choose a private or public match (solo, with friends or/and strangers)2. Chosse your map. (4 regions, each region have 4 stages).3. Choose from four unique character (four classes).4. Choose your weapons (primary and secundary).5. Choose your perks, (max of three) affecting your caracther, the core, or the gun.6. Manage your resources (walls and towers).6.1. Build your maze (You gather new walls each wave).6.2. Place you towers (You gather scrap each wave).7. Fight hordes of enemies (various waves).+ With multiple players monsters become more powerful but also more recourses are avaliable, making the maps more easy.+ Plays like the best FPS(s), controls are smooth (very important IMO).+ Monsters show damage taken which is nice.+ Sound and music suits the game (actually the music is really really good).+ There are interesting Easter eggs.+ The chat features Text to Speech (sounds silly, but is amazing).- In public matches people can hop in and destroy your walls and towers (trolls).- Sometimes you could find yourself trapped in the environment requiring you to suicide.- Screenshots make justice, but bould be better optimized. Please turn off the Bloom.- Some towers are simply sub-par to others.Sincerally, I'm more excited for Sanctum3 than other blockbusters.[9/10]"
,Recommended,210770,14548539,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,EightDrunkenGods,"Sanctum 1 was a tower defense game with FPS mechanics.  Sanctum 2 has much more limited maze design opportunities but adds Borderlands-style class mechanics with perks, different loadouts, etc.   This changed the game a lot which seems to have upset a lot of Sanctum 1 purists.  However, the changes actually justify the sequel since they amount to a huge overhaul of the game and not simply a slight modification of the original.The game is designed well, controls well, and runs pretty well.  I've had very occasional glitches but it's better than par for the most part.Sanctum 2 ends up being much more fun in multiplayer than singleplayer - so much so that I'd really only recommend getting it if you have a friend or two to play with.  That said, it is REALLY fun in mutliplayer and since you can often pick it up for $5 per copy, it's great value."
,Recommended,210770,10844206,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,xdanger,Great fun! Co-op fps tower defence in scifi environment. Get the dlc:s also.
,Recommended,210770,8230454,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ChromeIcon,"A fast paced tower defense game mixed with some first person action makes this game pretty addicting. The wide variety of towers, weapons, and perks to choose from is overwhelming so you can get pretty creative with how you want to take on the lume hordes. This game really shines when you have 3 other players fighting with you as the later stages do get more difficult, even more so with 5 feats on. The soundtrack for this game is also amazing."
76561198037061400,Recommended,210770,8835889,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Soork ♫,Worth every single penny :P
,Recommended,210770,8836095,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Duskstrike,"a fantastic hybrid of tower defense and FPS. Do not play singleplayer.. multiplayer is where it's at.Working together and using your wits and skills to survive is a blast...a bit of a steep learning curve due to the limited amount of weapon towers, timed build rounds, and ability to build diagonal walls. Howver once the learning curve is passed it's great. I'm not sure if 15$ is the best price. 10 bucks seems better. big problem is this is a game you NEED to play with friends to enjoy, but you can jump into random groups.Game rating: 8/10. GreatPricing: slightly too much. Wait till on a minor sale.Recomended: hell yes."
,Recommended,210770,6711686,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,seyo,geht ab!:D
,Recommended,210770,4301509,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Nuthen,"This game is really quite fun. I liked Sanctum, though I had trouble getting into it, it seemed a bit too daunting to me in terms of what it demanded from me. I had no qualms with the mazing aspect, though allocating money to many different areas on the game field was very daunting. Sanctum 2 fixes all that. All resources earned are decided to mazing. One can easily and respectibly call this a sequel, in that it not only adds new content, but it improves the original in just about every aspect, while still sticking to the core of the game. Don't expect the exact same as Sanctum 1. The maps are smaller, though there are many more of them. I would recommend buying Sanctum 2 now for a great summer experience! This game has incredibly high replayability in trying to earn spots on the leaderboards based on the number of waves survived in survival mode, as well as in trying out different strategies, and in just playing with others. With much more content promised through DLCs and a large amount of existing content, what reason is there to not get a game as awesome as Sanctum 2? If you are a fan of Strategy and First Person Shooters, this is for sure a game to check out."
76561198040509294,Recommended,210770,8196973,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Raptorian,This game has good graphics and if you know the first game a lot of improvements.This is extremely fun to play and the first sights of the game are very good.
,Recommended,210770,8970686,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Baron ~,"Sanctum 2 is a great game if you want some casual co-op with your friends. It's as deep or simple as you want it to be and is a really good as a ""pick up put down"". Lovers of classic tower defence games can immersive themselves into their mazes round after round, rebuilding and reimagining the map as they see fit when they see fit, while the FPS half of the game is equally entertaining and allows for you to get dirty with your creations while adding even more strategy to the mix.Conceptually simple and easy to understand Sanctum 2 can be picked up and played by almost anyone, anytime, with no shortage of depth to the game and without being tediously repetitive.Loved it."
,Recommended,210770,9032523,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Maxspeedy,"The game I've been dreaming off, Tower Defense / FPS - Hybrid with perfect balanced weapons/towers/enemys/abilitys."
,Recommended,210770,13410136,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Hybrid,"This is an amazing game, designed very well. The gameplay is fantastic, and I would love to see them continue the story. Worth all of the money they ask for but if its on sale its a must have."
,Recommended,210770,15558387,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Blades,"Fun little tower defense game, but lacks variation of strategies to finish each level (it's quite repetitive). I'd recommend buying the DLC but only after you've reached level 30 - 35, what it adds is great but requires dedication to earn (for example, the over-powered drone launcher). Also, text-to-♥♥♥♥ing-speech!"
,Recommended,210770,14063788,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,imelman,"So,here comes the sequel of a good game.What differences of it? The 2nd part involves both FPS and TD elements as vital,snice in original you could just upgrade your guns to stronger than towers,or vice versa.The funniest things is humor related to weakspots and easter eggs.The coop game experience varies from player to play and their prefrences(i.e not being overpowered).It has bugs though,but thanks to devs,its feels so much better than it was at launch(where reviews where mixed).Ethier way,its worth your time even at full price. And i'd rate it 8/10 due to some bugs and some bad elements on it. The original one is 7/10 instead due to reason above."
,Recommended,210770,13486986,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,IDra23,Tower Defence + First Person Shooting + Beautiful Graphics and World
76561198114493519,Recommended,210770,11745123,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Col. Dragon496000,"I highly reccomend this game to tower defense fans and fpsers alike, i reccomend getting friends though as they multiply the fun factor by about 5 per person."
76561198043707981,Recommended,210770,11714343,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Young_Gus,Buy this now
76561198060865029,Recommended,210770,11746725,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,nickcubed,g
76561198029994344,Recommended,210770,13524460,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Atomic-viper,I havent played to much of this yet 22/12/2014 but i am addicted to it already i always thought i was good at tower defence and fps but this game is challenging and thats good its hard to find a game of this type where you cant spam the cheapest tower down and winAlso the enemies gain health per team member which means teamwork is key aswell which lots of co-op games forget overalll 10/10!
76561198046956737,Recommended,210770,11748069,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Alex,Lots of fun.
76561198054019297,Recommended,210770,13785149,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LolSomeGuy,FPS + Tower Defence = Win
76561198124395550,Recommended,210770,14244981,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Badass Smurf 2000,GUUUUUD GRAFICHS!!!!!!!!!! Easter farts. Rilllllllllly fuuuuun! Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiidzzzzzzzz tuuuuuuuuuu biiiiiiiiiiiiii playaed!!!!!
,Recommended,210770,16447116,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rdemia,"This is a great game. It's like combination of Tower Defense ( a good one), COD and Borderlands. This is fun and smart at the same time. Just dont miss it. Btw dlc pack is not that necessary but it has a good touch :)"
,Recommended,210770,16444773,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Professor Heavy,"Played a map.Destroyed stuff.Played another map.Makes a complex maze with optimal range on the towers.Boss B*tch shows up.Ignores maze, destroys all my♥♥♥♥♥♥Lose.Noticed progression system, can obtain new items with higher levels.OCD activated.10/10 would get owned againBut if you want a serious review.. This game is extremely fun to play. It looks cool, plays cool. The main point of the game is Tower Defense mixed with FPS. In Sanctum 2, it's not one or the other. BOTH need to be utilized in order to be victorious, which adds a further challenge to the game.As if the game wasn't hard enough. You need the help of some fellow buddies to accomplish your goal. They bring along extra firepower and resources to build more stuff.In terms of gameplay, hybrid tower defense and FPS is a splendid idea. There are tons of towers, guns and perks allowing you to mix and match to your specialty.The towers range from laser beams, tripmine dispensers, super long range sniper towers, amplification towers, drone launchers and even rocket towers!The guns range from melee saws, Tesla beams, shotguns, snipers, rocket launchers, and even drone launchers, wait didn't we have those..BUY THE GAME WILL YA I NEED SOMEONE TO JOIN IN MY PARTY"
76561198124305435,Recommended,210770,11855210,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Capncam,"Super smooth, it's like tower defense and fps blended seamlessly. Visually it's spectacular and unlike most first person shooters, co-op gameplay is incredibly dynamic, strategic, and most importantly a lot of fun. Great game 10/10"
76561198048059937,Recommended,210770,5332765,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Sarj,Sooooooo Epic sequel!!!I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! *O*
,Recommended,210770,1999277,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Dog in Afro™,♥♥♥♥ING ASSSSSSSSS STOP DROPPING BLOCKS ON ME ♥♥♥♥ GIVE ME THOSE BLOCKS YOU'RE BUILDING IT WRONG WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥NO ♥♥♥♥ YOU LET ME DO IT JESUS WHAT ARE YOU DOING♥♥♥♥♥♥WE'RE LOSING STOP ♥♥♥♥ING WITH THAT WHY ARE YOU UPGRADING THAT GET RID OF IT NO WE NEED THIS WHAT ARE YOU DOING THAT FOR WE DON'T NEED THOSE NO I'M RIGHT YOU'RE WRONG THIS IS MY GAME MOM SAID IT'S MY TURN TO PLAY
,Recommended,210770,8823636,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,IndyLoud1993,I play this free weekend!!! I will save money buy this game on steam card!!
76561198042261821,Recommended,210770,9045251,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Teacher,This Game i would Rank it  in my top 5 game i love it
76561198103797100,Recommended,210770,8936452,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Incignia,"Great game, got it on a whim turned out to be a good decision."
76561198037836729,Recommended,210770,15244247,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,God,"I've played this game for about 180 hours now (when writing this revieuw). I have enjoyed every minute of it. I restarted about 2 times just play the game again from scratch. In my own personal opinion, one of the best Tower Defense Games out there. I seriously can not wait for Sanctum 3."
,Recommended,210770,8888975,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Avallac'h,It's a game where you place stuff and shoot things. Get it I guess.
,Recommended,210770,8848763,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,BloodRain,"This game is strict castle defense but instead of a castle it's a ""core,"" with a mix of COD and Halo. With a max of 4 players on each server, you have a small list of characters to chose from, with many different abilities, perks, weapons, and strategys. A game high in detail, and great coop play. I greatly recommend this game. 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,17431676,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,G10QM8!,"Second part of world first TD/FPS arcade.The only I say - Coffee stain, stop making crap, make 3rd part, dammit!!!The only my wish - return all the main characters... alive!!!The only I ask - inform me when I can do a preorder of 3rd!!!As you could see - I like this game very much. Just buy it and don't ask anything."
76561198165020037,Recommended,210770,16426942,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,athecool97,"Difficulty not to be taken lightly, this is a very fun and enjoyable tower defense and first person shooter. Genres blended fantastically. Gives you the strategy high of TD and visceral fun of an FPS. Waves get intense very quickly"
76561197996866266,Recommended,210770,19110070,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,explora,"Epic, well worth the small fee. single player is cool. co-op is better"
76561198199681809,Recommended,210770,18357958,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,THE 1 TRU DAVID,lov it
,Recommended,210770,18340984,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ramraiders,*second account time!!! Must have for TD lovers !!!*Main acc review here :http://steamcommunity.com/id/ramraiders/recommended/210770/
,Recommended,210770,18288023,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,JaydenH,Sactum is so far the best blend of first person and tower defence I have played so far.
,Recommended,210770,18321115,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Coconut_head_,Naht enough tower bases10/10
,Recommended,210770,26376495,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Robert CSGO500,FPS+tower defense+fun+good gameplay+good story=Sanctum 2
,Recommended,210770,28439333,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Vindred,"I was looking for a tower defense game, and this is the cadillac of tower defense games.  There is a strong emphasis on first person shooter skills as well, but if you are better at TDs than you are at FPSs, there is enough selection in area or spread weapons that you won't have to have extreme coordination (homing weapons, shotguns, rockets with splash damage).  Your turrets still generally inflict the lion's share of damage to enemies.If you like tower defense games, you should have fun with this one.  If you like the idea of playing tower defense within an FPS, even better, and you should definitely pick this up while it's on sale."
,Recommended,210770,22735635,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Final Frost Fall,much fun. DLC is worth it ;)
,Recommended,210770,21552949,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ATH-KMB™,"All the fun and stratgizing of the original, plus multiple characters with spefic weapons, a comic book style storyline, polished graphics, and pretty good music.If you're a fan of the original or tower-defense games in general, this is worth grabbing."
76561197974984529,Not Recommended,210770,26633705,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,LigeiabeN,"This is 70% fps, 20% maze building and 10% TD. Not for me. You can play sp but cant pause since you are always online. There are 3 different bosses, 2 of them destroy your buildings and are the ONLY difficult thing in this game, and completely ruin the fun for me. Played the whole campaign solo, did 70% dmg myself whereas the towers did the rest, the only map where i felt the towers actually did something was in the final map, which is funnily enough only difficult since they destroy your towers - Thats fine for some people, i hate it in a TD, especially when it's barely a TD game to begin with.Oh yeah do you want to quicly restart the map? you cant, you have to go to through character select, and then character customization and then reload the map again every time.The game is obviously designed for MP, i think it is much better that way, i havn't tried it, i won't try it since i wanted a game to play for my self, and it's not a good singleplayer experience - in my eyes."
,Recommended,210770,30031826,Posted: 19 February,all,Seaniemaurice,My full review here -https://youtu.be/x9XjgyJp02kI often don't like Tower Defense games but Sanctum being a hybrid between the strategy and first person was a welcome change of pace. I really enjoyed my time with this game and shall spent more time with it in the future.Whislt the game does have a single player campaign I can recommend you play this game with mates as it is WAY more enjoyable. Grab some beers and have fun with this one as it can get pretty intense. Just remember to drop towers on your mates when they aren't paying attention! :D
,Recommended,210770,9340532,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Rakuraiji,They took everything good from Sanctum 1 and made it slightly better.If you had fun with the first game I'm pretty sure you also will have with the 2nd.
,Recommended,210770,21452298,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Not-evil Goodperson,"Best tower defense game I've ever played.This game has so much to offer:Huge weapon varietyPerks that really change how you play the gameDifferent enemies that require different strategiesA plethora of towers with strengths and weaknesses(Focus tower too OP, though)What sold me this game, though, was the difficulty settings; 5 Feats of Strength solo is a resource management nightmare, specially in stages like Sokol or Laser Bridge, you have to think and rethink, try and retry the stage several times to get through, and when you do so, boy, does it feel good to beat a hard stage...If you enjoy FPS and tower defense, or maybe resource management and maze-building I recommend this game for you."
,Recommended,210770,951803,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Melted Cheese & A Ketchup Smile,"Sanctum 2 is a perfect blend of Tower Defence and FPS. It's a great game to play with your friends. Many Unique levels that you can give you great challenges. Not challenging enough? You can add enemy feats to make a challenge that's right for you (with bonus exp I might add). Sanctum 2 is fantastic and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys FPS,  Tower Defence or both!"
76561197972259464,Recommended,210770,11750375,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Scooby4ever,"Have friends who enjoy teamwork? Then look at this game. You will have a good laugh playing this together as you need to plan ahead in each level how to beat the waves of enemies attacking. Plan the route, plan towers and uppgrades etc.Gfx, Gameplay, Sfx and music is great. I must say that the soundtrack is spot on to the atmosphere. The game is easy to understand but hard to master.Level upp your characters and there abillities, perks and weapons. Unlock more advanced towers. Most of all, have fun... ;)Easy to understand but hard to master. ;)"
,Recommended,210770,19091053,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Hikumi,"The Sanctum series really set the standards of FPS-Tower Defense hybrid. However, Sanctum 2 is very much different than the first Sanctum. While Sanctum is 90% tower defense and 10% hero defense, Sanctum 2 is 50% tower defense and 50% hero defense. This means you can't just build-and-forget like the first Sanctum, where you just have to have enough decent towers and a well-made maze and you'll make it through the waves.In Sanctum 2, you'll have to fire your guns just as often as your towers or you'll lose the wave. This makes for a more immersive game which requires more input and interaction from players, and proper strategies will determine the border between victory or annihilation. Not to mention you can get killed if the wave mobs get close to you.Add a little RPG element to the mix where you get to select a character, equip his/her weapons, select your towers and skills obtained by leveling up, and you have yourself a semi-complex game that will keep you occupied for many hours and offers high replayability value.Pick up a bunch of friends and buy the pack for this game, and you can't go wrong. Most definitely recommended, better than a lot of games currently in the market, and it is very affordable and worth the money.Without a doubt, 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,210770,21263424,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Great_Snake,"Sanctum 2 is hands down one of the best tower defense games on steam. Get through the ""chaff"" levels and the game is amazing"
76561197982860200,Recommended,210770,21209503,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,tilon,"I recommend to play this game if you just have a little curiocity what tower defense/fps hybrid is. It has really nice addictive gameplay and whole variety of monsters. Each type of monster is pretty unique and boss battle are very tense. I dunno if multiplayer is alive, but this game is definitely WORTH checking. I highly enjoyed playing with others. It also has different types of difficulty , so i DOUBT that you will be bored. Also very well drawn insert comics ( i like the style ) .And music. Music is AWESOME. Unique characters, unique atmosphere, i love the game."
76561198046065881,Recommended,210770,29547565,Posted: 28 January,all,Crux,"Great mix of TD and FPS. I've enjoyed many hours of game play. This game has lots and lots of replay potential. Game plays well on Linux Mint 18.Beyond that, I'm not going to give a detailed review of the game because so many others have already done a far better job than I would have. This review is just to add my 'recommend' to this game's rating. Please see the other reviews for specifics about this game to determine if it's right for you.PS I almost exclusively play offline. So Steam only shows that I played 0.4 hrs although I've played at least 30 hrs (as of the time of this review) and plan to play much more. It seems like offline game time would be an easy enough metric to collect that it makes me wonder why they don't."
,Recommended,210770,14114935,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,{PK} HastyPixels,"This is an oddity but a singular pleasure in tower defense multiplayer gaming. You're not going to find this experience anywhere else, and it really is worth every minute, but its greatest success is the multiplayer element. Unfortunately difficulty balance and graphics seem inconsistent, but nothing a good team and efficient tower placement can't solve.While you're enjoying the main game content, consider the DLC, especially if you're hankering for more of the same as each DLC includes unique new towers to be used at any time. Perhaps a Santum 3 could bring out the best elements of this title."
76561198028451108,Recommended,210770,17307851,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Captain Placeholder,"Sanctum 2 is a very nice polished and overall well made game in which the developers managed to combine both the fps and the tower defense elements very well. It also has a very big variety of both towers and weapons so you can try and use multiple combination since all of them are 100% valid for gameplay use, making it so that you can create your very own build that might or might not work depending the way you use them and the situation.Personally I have found Sanctum 2 to be able to keep me entertained for hours either on a solo gameplay or in co-op with difficult stages that required me to change my strategies, tactics and placement in order to pass it. Also, just like in any good tower defense game, there was almost always a new enemy to encounter, sometime it was a support enemy healer or buffer, or others where heavily armored with weak spots or just some fast moving targets that you had to be careful about because they could one shot you my running over you. Also the voice acting is amazing the dialogues where nice and appealing to each character alike. The story might not have been just as good as the gameplay or other previously mentioned aspects of the game but it certaintly is good enough to at least keep you interested in it.So over all this game is really fun and balanced, as I said before the arsenal provided to you is really nice and useful, it might not have such a big replay value appart from finding some hidden stuff in some maps and trying a new build, but nonetheless it's a very nice, polished game with a great feelling in its gameplay, the controls are smooth, the only bad thing is that you can get stuck in some places and either have to suicide or just be unable to move but that doesn't really happens often unleash you just jump around all the map :P, and it has a very decent co-op.Oh and also there is free comics. That's always good ain't it? :D"
,Recommended,210770,17239187,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kibboets,Play with friends or else it kinda sucks.
76561198028292136,Recommended,210770,17293890,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,clinz,"A CO-OP FPS / Tower Defense.I'm not even a fan of FPS games and this is still my #1 favourite CO-OP game.- You get to toggle 5 difficulty options as you like, and you get a minor reward for playing with higher difficulty too.- Teamplay and communication is extremely useful.- Many ways to beat a level, you feel proud of coming up with a good strategy and overcoming a difficult challenge.- If you're not a fan of tower defense, then make sure you're a fan of FPS shooting to make up for it, as you'll probably end up passing maze and tower building responsabilities to someone that actually knows what they're doing.- You unlock new guns and passive skills to choose from as you progress, giving you some fun things to look forward to."
,Recommended,210770,17289259,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,TBomb,"Pros: Beautiful-looking game. Wide selection of weapons and upgrades. Direct combat adds challenge.Cons: The game is not balanced for a single player campaign, often leaving you no choice to switch to easy mode if you wish to progress. The blocks are bulkier, obstruct your view, and give you less creative control of how your mazes are built.Recommended for multiplayer, not so much for single player."
76561198120998261,Recommended,210770,8866573,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Mr.Greener.Gamer,this is best tower deffense game i've played in my life!if everyone want to buy it--> buy it for surebecause i liked it so much!
,Recommended,210770,11709798,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SoggyCow ✅,"I always enjoyed the tower defense games in my ipod, but for the PC, wow, and its multiplayer? i was awe-struck again! The multiplayer is populated and you can even solo if you wish, the communication system is excellent, the game reads your messages through microsoft Sam which is funny. You level up, get new guns, towers, abilities, etc. So many missions. I just got this game for $2.24 but i would still pay $15 for it. I just got the game today and i already spent 13 hours on it.. i feel like its only beed 4 or 5 hours. Time flys by and it gets intense! You rely on your team members to think up new ways on how to succeed. I went ahead and purchased the 4-Pack for $6.74 as a gift for my friends who want to enjoy this game. I want to add one more thing before I post my review - the abuse/kicking system is well thought out. There is no vote-kicking if somebody has gone insane, the host has full control and can easily remove trouble-makers. I have yet to see anybody goin crazy, the players all have a common goal to win and work together. Great game, really great game for a great price. $2.24 for this game? thats the cost of a cheese burger, if you missed the 85% off deal, $15 is just the price of a large pizza. Awesome game A++"
,Recommended,210770,10338781,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Bulletspunge,"For TowerDefense-FPS I couldn't have wanted much more out of this game! If you and a couple friends love tower defense games, and FPS games, definitely give this a try if you catch it on a moderate sale. One of the DLC characters is a little too OP for my taste (the only new char I've tried). With a pinpoint high damage gun, its a little on the ""easy-mode"" side, but still an enjoyable fan-service.Fun - 9Replay - 6Value - 7"
,Recommended,210770,26890792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Karakes,its a fun co op game
,Recommended,210770,30268999,Posted: 1 March,all,ＰＥＡＮＵＴ,Very great game with beautiful graphics. First person shooter hybrid which focuses quite a bit on tower defence which is great. You get to place the bases and create the path for the creeps. Very strategic too and some bases work very well on some creeps whilst others don't.Then you have the boss fights where they give zero ♥♥♥♥s and come through and just outright destroy your bases and towers with their fists leaving you to just your guns and skill. Highely recommend it.
76561198079884814,Recommended,210770,10581568,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Deli Daddy 2: Electric Gabagool,JUst like the boarderlands but now ith all new funny meme jokes. This game was made a developed by the people atmemegenerator.com.
,Recommended,210770,9949514,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Dr. Happydeath,"You like Coop? You like TD? Or do you like to play Shooters? Then is Sanctum 2 one right choice for you!First of all do i have to say, if you didn't like ""Sanctum 1"", you might like Sanctum 2 more. Why? 'cause Sanctum 2 just isn't that hard as ""Sanctum 1"", but it's still very challenging. You got to play in 3rd-person view or 1st-person view and shoot enemies with your MG/Rocket Launcher/Sniper/pistol/Shotgun and so on. But this game is not just a shooter. If you just wanna ""shoot around"" it won't be your game. Remember: It's also a tower defence game. Not just a shooter. A hybrid of it. On the highest difficulty will your weapons be useless anyways. So, don't forget to build towers! They are your main-source of damage! You can level up to lvl. 40 and each new level gives you another Tower/Perk/Weapon!Sanctum 2 has also a nice comic-like storyline and 4 different characters to play! Aaaaand if you buy the DLC's you will get fine looking skins and a new character and also 4 new arcs(the game itself has 4 arcs-if you wanna play through it with friends it will take you at least 10-20hrs).Also, if you are a soloplayer and don't have any friends who play it and you won't add anyone who plays it, than should you put your fingers away from Sanctum 2. 'cause from the 3rd arc on you'll have MASSIVE problems by doing this alone and it won't be nearly as funny as with friends. 'cause you could speak how you build your defencelines, who takes which perk and which towers. AND if you play with stangers on the highest difficulty, you'll have the problem that everybody builds what he wants,where he wants. And the highest difficulty just gives you 50% of the money from the towers back if you cancel them! So, find some friends who speak with you and this game will be fun for you! If you play alone or join other groups it could be fun, but mustn't. Sure it is funny to dominate, but it won't be the same as with people you just learn to know and play good with."
76561198035545569,Recommended,210770,11895287,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Shark@tak,"I love the game - BUT !!!  - I h8 the community that plays it - they are soooo  snobby !!!  if I do something wrong ""their way"" I get kicked -  oh wel;l,  will try again"
76561198055356397,Recommended,210770,8332323,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,EmptyCrazyORC,"Great art style & music. Satisfying gunplay.Very unique & creative weapons & skills (which a lot of FPS these days are lacking) in both the base game & the DLCs.Very interesting tower & enemy design. Although a lot of them are remakes from the 1st game.In each game you can only choose 3 skills & 4 types of towers with a team tower cap of 15. So Co-op is pretty important if you want more depth in gameplay.By now the devs have fixed most of the things ppl were unhappy about. (like xp grinding, resource distribution etc.)"
,Recommended,210770,7093268,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Bunkagunk,Lots Of Strategy Involved In This First Person Shooter / Tower Defense Game. Take Out The Bosses First Though! They Can Do A Number On Your Defenses.
,Recommended,210770,25791017,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ducky848,"Not bad. get's boring after a while.I mean for some reason, the starcraft 2 arcade tower defense games are just so much more fun.I think it's because there's too little variance. It's the same mobs, the same types of waves, the same types of combat. The only difference is the way you strategize your ""path"".And even that is a one-model fits the map, scenario. Each map has an ideal solution, just the one.So yea, got bored after about 15-30 games. The text to speech is f*** hilarious though."
,Recommended,210770,18312908,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kiko,This game was on sale and had a free week so I decided to check it out. Now I have a problem.I have exactly $5.10 in my checking account right now. I'm about to spend that on this game.Looks like I'm going to starve for a bit.
,Recommended,210770,6976418,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Teeqoz,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,210770,6751222,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Bryguy™,"I'm not a massive fan of the regular top down view tower defences where you do nothing bar build the towers. This game is one of my favourite games as it's CO-OP and it's an FPS, I highly recommend getting this game even if you are a loner and can't play it with friends; or even if you've completed it it's fun to go back and up the difficulties, even after that it's fun to help friends/others get further in the game. It's hard to get bored of."
76561197996885522,Recommended,210770,26023881,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WetYogaWolf,"Really fun online co-op first person tower defense game.   I played it mostly offline and still had a great time, but with a group of friends it's a blast.  Very much recommended."
,Recommended,210770,26021382,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,123,Love this game. Mechanics are clean and smooth.
76561197969417125,Recommended,210770,353356,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,G00N3R,"While Sanctum 2 is a good game, I think the original is better. If you enjoyed the original, the sequel is worth playing. But if youre new to Sanctum, start with the first game, especially if you plan to play alone. There have been several changes to gameplay mechanics, a couple of which are improvements. Some enemies will attack the player instead of just running to the core, and bosses can destroy towers. If you cant afford to fully upgrade a tower you can partially upgrade for a small stat boost. But other changes are restrictive. You can only build 15 towers per map. There are no mid game checkpoints - fail and its back to wave 1. Loadouts are smaller (2 weapons and 4 towers compared to 3 and 6 previously) which means that you cant fully appreciate the tactical depth unless you play with a coop partner who brings different gear. A new range of perks have been added, but the ability to upgrade guns has been removed, and many weapons/towers/perks are locked until you grind enough XP."
76561197990188583,Recommended,210770,16189095,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sinatr,Not bad at all.
76561198080647536,Recommended,210770,8871598,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,JohnPodesta,"Certainly one of the most underrated games 2013. I'm so glad I discovered it on steam. It's really beautifully designed, don't be fooled by the screenshots it doesn't have too much of a comic look, it rather reminds me of portal.My only problem: I am too egoistic to play this game in multiplayer, I wanna build the towers according to my grand master plan and be proud of my creation, not watch some random noob putting stuff at all the wrong places...Maybe they should add a mode where one player is just the builder while the others can only fight..."
76561198068061076,Recommended,210770,8830930,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,I seduce the priestess!,Good game! :3
,Recommended,210770,18363854,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BH,"At First Time I See My Friend Play This Game, I Say This Game Looks Boring, Then I Play It For Myself On My Friend Account, And I Bought It Recently."
,Recommended,210770,6352909,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,SIR_GRAMO,BEST GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,210770,16489153,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kwiglee,"This game is absolutely phenomenal. The concept is so fun and my friends and I enjoy playing it a lot. They should add some kind of sandbox mode though, that would be really cool.Regardless, if you want a fun game that has strategy and FPS elements, and amazing online co-op for up to 4 friends, this is the game for you10/10 would wreck aliens again"
,Recommended,210770,9211631,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Coffee,good game
,Recommended,210770,9973893,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Wark,A fun co-op tower and wall building defense game!
,Recommended,210770,11782652,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,kYte,buy diz aswell
76561198094926396,Recommended,210770,8911951,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Bluechickenlord,You should buy his game I'm not Ghana force you for now....
,Recommended,210770,9086892,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Limbo.,This Game FPS is So Cool  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,210770,11849955,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Appuru,I'ts ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
,Recommended,210770,9795773,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Preston Garvey,Good game if you have large♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you buy
,Recommended,210770,9802757,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Upset Cigarette,"First Person Tower Defense, that combanation is very fun."
,Recommended,210770,9801185,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Koala Hat Guy,10/10 better than Call of Duty
76561198043612402,Recommended,210770,9736253,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Zezillik (IFS),"Awesome Game-play. Awesomer Visuals. Sanctum 2 is a great pick for those looking for a co-op game to play with their besties (or best-i if you only have one friend [Or solo, Sanctum 2 doesn’t discriminate against the 'friendly-challanged'])"
,Recommended,210770,1568767,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Tundra Scorpion,"It is impossible to deny that Coffee Stain Studios took just about everything good in Sanctum and amped it up tenfold for Sanctum 2.Enhancing the coop mode by adding three new player characters alongside the original protagonist, each specializing in one of four weapon categories (Assault Rifles, Snipers, Shotguns and a big happy rocket launcher that blinds the entire right side of your screen).Like the previous title, Sanctum 2 is a fast-paced FPS tower defense game that requires a heavy load of brainpower to keep the waves of alien enemies away from your core. In Sanctum 2 the challenge level is increased, giving the player less resources after each wave and removing the ability to upgrade weapons with resources, forcing the player to focus less on weapon damage and instead on carefully placed towers, walls and turrets to keep the enemy waves back, as well as the addition of a timer to mix things up and make the waves more chaotic.With an immersive campaign mode playable in both single player or coop, Sanctum 2 offers mind-blowing gameplay complimented with a level-up system that rewards the player with unlockable towers, weapons and perks as well as a digital comic that offers insight into Sanctum's world which reveals a page or two before every stage.Sanctum 2 is a direct upgrade to Sanctum, and is well worth the time for any fans of the original."
,Recommended,210770,28045511,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dark Knight,The great thing about this game is it trains your mind to think ahead.. Loved the game..
,Recommended,210770,11709526,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dongle Trump,"If you liked Dino Horde, you'll love Sanctum 2... better than a kick to the nuts"
,Recommended,210770,8830438,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,✧ Kek~,"I love this game, it has a lot of tower defense but it also is a first person shooter and these two combined are very good I recommend this game to all towerdefense OR FPS. lovers! Also, the first game was very good too, i recommend checking it out as well :)"
,Recommended,210770,8835040,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,NoWayJose,Uses Microsoft Text2Speech10/10 Would buy so hard
,Recommended,210770,9861048,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Lightning,"I got this game for $1.50 (yes a dollar fifty) and I have to say, it's the best $1.50 I have ever spent. The game isn't for everyone, it requires a certain bit of strategy, it's not just run and gun. As far as tower defense games go I usually am not a fan. But I made an exception with this one, and I'm quite happy I did."
76561198093272537,Recommended,210770,8830008,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Majak Daw,get it! Nuff said
,Recommended,210770,13167837,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Flavinha,"Best Tower defence ever!it's too bad i don't have any friends to play along with me,  I'm trying to convince some friends to buy this game lol"
,Recommended,210770,19878792,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,9TailedFox,Senpai's favorite game :3
,Recommended,210770,18297744,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Roycehellion,"Fun GameThe negative are that multi[player sucks....people sell you towers for their benefit and if you leave, you get banned.Full controller support is a joke. As soon as you hit a menu you need the mnouse bc your controller doesnt respond half the time.Other than that, fun game!"
,Recommended,210770,463301,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,JaegerPony,"It takes everything interesting and novel about the original, reworks and retools the gameplay, and refines it down to a science. 4 player co-op FPS/Tower defense. It's a wonderful thing to behold. Also when you type it game it speaks out your words in a robot voice! Hilarious!"
,Recommended,210770,8930224,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,yennivi,This game is way underrated. It has great design and a lot more replayability than I anticipated.
76561198042424146,Recommended,210770,28235386,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,StreetJolt,"i bought this game as the complete pack when it was on sale and i also bought it for my brother as well so we could play together and boy was it worth it ! We play it at every chance we get, not only does it have a sense of strategy it also brings more involvement as well with the 1st person shooter aspect10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,210770,18690338,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Disconnected,"This is one game that got me - a Singaporean, and another Singaporean Stranger, and a dude from China and another one from Japan enjoy and have fun trying to 5 Feats everything together. Just got us click together just by trying to 5 Feat everything together.This game got a lot of fun to offer if you like tower defence game. The art designs are amazing gives you the 1st world and 3rd world future feel when you play certain level. The guns got variations that makes 2 guns work well or not together and each character is unique of its own.I cant explain the experience more than to advice you to try playing the game yourself.Overall i love this game, i cant wait for Sanctum 3 if it ever to comes out in the future"
,Recommended,210770,11758000,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Excalibur,"Fun, fast-paced tower defense and FPS mesh. Four friends team up against hordes of enemies that grow fiercer and stronger with each progression forward.  Definitely worth playing after the free weekend!"
76561198114585292,Recommended,210770,27067016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Logan The Warlord,You and 3 friends vs waves and waves of monsters known as lumes. Their gonna need more lumes. MUCH more.
,Recommended,210770,8617455,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ƶεrø 零 Knight,Tower-defense FPS with 4 friends. Build up a maze and throw down defensive towers ranging from gatling guns and rocket launchers to slow-fields and placeable mine dispensers then take up arms and fight alongside your towers! Each playable character has unique weapons and traits and the ability to select and use different perks as you level up. What's not to like?
76561198138341791,Recommended,210770,30884506,Posted: 1 April,all,bart1259,"I love Sanctum 2 it's a great game, highly recomend if you like the first sanctum or Orcs must die"
76561198129101111,Recommended,210770,11932416,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,unknown.notregistered,"This is an amazingly entertaining game.If you like either First-Person-Shooter or Tower Defense styles, this game has it both. Mix in a hare of strategy and a Co-op fun and you'll have an enteraining game that is not short on hours of potential enjoyment.The player clases are not nearly as restrictive as one would think, with a fair dose of customization you can adapt to what you find good for you. Further unlocked upgrades and perks can augment your style of fighting to a surprising degree leaving any number of options on how to do a mission.Mixed in is a rather unique-feeling style of art and design that just further enhances the game.In my opinion, its a must have to at least say you've tried it."
76561198141822912,Recommended,210770,24181099,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,EverlastingD,"Bought this game on a sale - 40 hours later I'm wondering where my time has gone by.This is a very active FPS tower defense game.You have a vast choice of towers which are effective against various ennemies  and therefore suit different strategies. You can instantly check how effective they actually are in terms of total damage, damage during the last mob round, etc. You are also able to re-arrange and replace them if necessary ; but on a higher level this would result in a money penalty, therefore prompting you to think well ahead.The various classes add great variety as each of them have their own strengths. Fear not if you worry about your aim: there is a mad rocket launcher girl. Just shoot away and blow stuff up.Over time you gain experience and levels which unlock new towers, new weapons and new stat effects. They become extremely relevant once you play with other people. Do you prefer a passive support role or would you rather be a living killing machine with infinite respawns? The choice is up to you.The multiplayer is defintely a lot of fun ; and the community has been surprinsingly NICE. Maybe the text to speech ability encourages others to be friendly? The setups are pretty simple: you can either play your campaign on your own or allow other players to join you. While you have no control over who joins you, you're able to kick/ban players if necessary. Loot is always fairly distributed which allows everyone to participate actively in reinforcing your defences.The gameplay is definitely top-notch. Consequently you actually don't even pay attention to other facts - such as surprinsingly good graphics and music. I had no lag / spike issues either during my online campaign.The game goes even beyond being a FPS TD game by pushing the player to explore its maps in order to find easter eggs, secret areas and even playable arcade games. That's pretty unique - and also rewarded through achievements!To be honest I'm only annoyed by the fact that you need all the DLCs in oder to get 100% achievements. I'll wait for a sale, but so far the game has been fantastic.Edit: Recently got the Season Pass - and it's amazing! The DLCs provide awesome content in terms of story, maps, new ennemies, etc. Fantastic. :-)"
,Recommended,210770,23609403,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ithaldir,"The base game is an interesting combination of tower defense and first person shooter and it gets even more interesting in multiplayer when you can have four players jumping around with a combination of sixteen different towers shooting everywhere. With the combination of weapons and perks you can choose how you want to fight, a sniper, an area damager, a distraction, and so you can tailor your towers to fit. The DLCs for the game all together basically double the base game in most respects and are tottaly worth it if you enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,210770,28347999,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GeddysGaming™,Got it for the trailer.
,Recommended,210770,8657948,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,M-Rag,Good Game Because I like FPS and Tower Defence I Say Great Game
,Recommended,210770,8848594,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[K9]CuboidFox,"Awesome Action, Strategy & shoot up game. Gives you a real challenge and makes you think on your feet. Great to play with friends too. Try it while it's free to play and pay the extra quid to get all the DLC with it too.Enjoy."
,Recommended,210770,14569508,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Scopi,"Vous avez 10€ ( voir 3€ quand ce jeu est en promo ) à perdre, 30 minutes à perdre aussi ? Vous aimez les monstres + les jeux de défenses avec des tourelles ? Et bien vous pouvez dépenser votre argent, ce jeu pourra passez le temps dans les moments ennuyants quand vous avez le temps pour une ou deux maps ( qui dure 10 - 30 minutes en fonction de la difficulté )."
76561198111834129,Recommended,210770,34261991,Posted: 15 August,all,firebringeraxel,An interesting mashup of shooter and tower defense.Pros:+Diverse character/weapon combos+Numerous Towers+Diverse enemies+Cool sci-fi aestheticCons:+Not many players+Seemingly pointless level system that gates new weapons and towers+Little guidance on what is or isn't effective against enemies
,Recommended,210770,8453147,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fjordus,"Sanctum 2 is great for when you can't decide what to play or have a little time to kill.  Hop in, build some towers, kill some aliens, level up, and hop right back out.  I've had a lot of fun creating fatal funnels."
,Recommended,210770,24697027,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,frcbo,very great game
,Recommended,210770,10600833,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TPI | Sir MyDinner,I have played a little of this gamepros:-FPS Tower Defence-nice range of towers-nice range of secondary guns-ton of maps (with DLC's)-text chat is epic- no real big bugs-eveything is ballancedCons-maps are a litle small- no choice of primary wepons (you have for choices though)-some maps are a lot harder than outhers (one level in the first set is on eof the harder levels)-voice chat is not the best
76561198006596936,Recommended,210770,10691165,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Zuiko,This game is a banging co-op towerdefence + FPS :)
,Recommended,210770,25986039,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ZenEye,Awesome game. Totally addictive. Buy EET NAOW!
76561198062096357,Recommended,210770,8857809,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Infamous Faith,"I have been playing sanctum 2 for only this past free steam weekand, but have invested the most amount of hours I possibly could during the time, and boy was it fun.The game is a sequel to ""Sanctum"" in-case you didn't know, which is a tower defense hybrid/ fps-game, with some light rpg elements to it.You have 4 classes to choose from I will list them in such a manner that will be easier for people to understand the quick and fast ""assault class"" with an assault rifle and a secondary weapon of your choice starting out with just 1 but collecting more as you level up.Next comes the ""grenadier class"" think a mixture of soldier and demoman from tf2 she can lay down a good amount of fire power, which causes spalsh damage and is good for keeping control of large crowds.Then comes an artificial a.i. which is ""sniper class"" just as it says in the name you can hit critical points of the monster from a far greater distance than everybody else and I recommend that he should stay behind everyone else as he is most useful from a distance.Finally the ""heavy class"" you carry a shotgun with 4 shells and can do the most amounts of possible damage, your goal is to try to get as close to the monster as possible and shoot him at point-blank range, you can also charge up your shot to do 1 mega ""buckshot"" of supercharged ions.Now comes into play the surprising and impressive tower defense mechanics they are pretty deeply implemented in the game and setting down the right guns and tactics for each monster are essential to survive, especially in the later levels.While not particularly difficult from the get-go, players will have a trial and error session with mulltiple losses and learning which ""turrets"" are more effective than others depending on the upcoming enemys. Once you get in the final mission of the ""first area"" you will have a challenge on your hand which will require good communication and teamwork, oh and I cannot stress this enough ""Sanctum 2"" is meant to be played in co-op mode with 4 players if possible, the game is just built from the ground up with co-op in mind, so if you can try to find good teammates who work together and listen to each-others advice.The sound of each weapon is appropriate for the guns belonging to them and feels good when pulling the trigger to each of them particularly charging up the ""rocket"" and letting it go for a barrage of missles, although some weapons do feel weaker in comparison and should be boosted up in terms of sound quality and volume of noise it creates, the voice-acting is limited but what the characters do say in there ""one liners"" is entertaining, cute, and cheeky.Most of the story is told through non-dialogue graphic novels, comic book style with the main characters going around their world to try and stop these hordes of aliens from attacking the core's of oxygen which powers the area they are in. The core of oxygen is the main point of the game to defend ""AT ALL COST"" because if you don't, game-over and civilians and soldiers die so feel sorry for them.... heartless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Finally the graphics come into play the world around them and the level design are gorgeous and very stylized this is one of the better looking games i've come across that isn't a big developer, the character models ehh not so much. While they look cool in their mech suits and giant robotic arms, they lack proper detail which I would have liked to have seen for higher-res rigs like ""sub-surface"" scattering of some type and more detailed face, they seem to lack any emotion even when talking.Also the anti-aliasing in the game im no sure if it has some issues that need to be taken care of but, the AA does no visual quiality improvement what-so-ever. I cranked it up to max 8x msaa is what im assuming and nothing really at all. Eh but don't listen to me im just ranting now, all in all it's a good looking game with some minor draw-backs, or maybe after seeing crysis 3 and battlefield 4 running at max settings, everything looks ugly to me now ;P.Overall my final verdict on this game is an8.5 OUT OF 10,enjoy and cheers."
,Recommended,210770,24163425,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RoTiiK,"Fun game, but can get hard after a while123908/130000 would build a turret again"
,Recommended,210770,8962116,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,thefoodwagon™,"For what this game is,I think it's reasonably priced And the DLC's are very affordable to any 1. Fun for a casual play threw though long term may get repetitive for some People over all I think what the game gives the player is satisfying for it's asking Price overall I recommend you buy this game if you have the time"
,Recommended,210770,8048668,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Dextro,"I love Sanctum 2! It is very original and offers a unique fps experience that is constantly surprising me. Sanctum 2 sets itself apart from other fps games by implementing a strategy based tower defence aspect. The story and art style are oddly intriguing to me. The leveling up system has had me been striving to do my best to earn awesome perks and weapons that greatly add to the experience. The multiplayer mode is well thought out, balanced, fair, and is mostly oriented on team work. Sanctum 2 is well worth the cost. I know that I will be playing SAnctum 2 for years to come. I give Sanctum 2 a 9.3/10!"
76561198048068973,Recommended,210770,9535904,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,rndr,"brilliant game, still alot different from the original sanctum. but i still like this game, i find it's even more fun when you get to level 40 and unlock all the nice weapons. very fun when playing with friends. get it on tf2op for 1 key instead of paying the normal price."
,Recommended,210770,11707447,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ceronos,"One of my favorite games by far, Orcs Must Die 1 & 2 come close bust the futuristic setting takes the cake for me. Must buy IMO!"
76561198020852201,Recommended,210770,12871246,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,FuglyVirgin,A really good game. Can't decide between a shooter or a simple builder? Well here u have both and it works.
,Recommended,210770,22705666,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,123,"Actually a lot of fun, its like tower defence and MvM rolled into one!"
,Recommended,210770,24731506,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stanley X,I recommend this video game.
,Recommended,210770,12801144,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,『Fearlessmeløn』,Amazing combination of FPS and TD.
,Recommended,210770,10881672,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fb||Lembird,"To be honest I bought this game when it was on sale, and didn't really think I would ever play it. But I decided to give it a try and now I can say it's probably one of my favorite games.... The combining of FPS and tower defense is a brilliant idea in my opnion and unlike many games nowadays, it isn't super graphics intensive. Therefore, even a low tech computer can run the game with it still looking really good! The co-op play is what makes the game for sure... I mean, who doesn't love slaughtering alien hordes together with friends??? Hardly ever are there any problems with glitches or crashing, at least that I've noticed. Great game, totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,210770,7810907,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,FlindoJimbori,"Sanctum 2 is a good blend of FPS and Tower Defense. The seems are certainly not flawless, but this is a good game. There are four classes that each have seperate strengths and weaknesses, as well as a varuety of unlockable weapons, towers, and perks. The game is better with multiplayer, and online play has been buggy in the past. I think these issues are fixed now. I recommend this game on sale."
,Recommended,210770,11987788,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,❖Neko-San23❖,Very fun to play no lag and the it fun to play with friend when they no how to play correctly but to get the full gameplay it only start when you got lvl 20 after that you can get more fun 11/10
,Recommended,210770,11839376,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,TuningLegend,"If this game was a potato, It would be a very good potato."
,Recommended,210770,7857990,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[BWC] Centron,"TL;DR: Massive improvement over Sanctum 1. Leveling system doesn't feel grindy, and helps to introduce old and new sanctum players into the new towers and features. Multiplayer can be annoying sometimes with trolls public play, but overall the community is helpful and welcoming. Playing with friends is very rewarding and fun.Let's start from the top. If it is not obvious already, Sanctum 2 is the sequel to Sanctum, the Unreal Engine-based game that came on the scene slow at first before it made a big breakout on Steam, prompting this sequel.First impressions from a Sanctum 1 player: WOW, this game has fixed a lot of gameplay annoyances that the first Sanctum had. Sanctum 2 has trashed the high, inaccessible walls of its predecessor with more sensible barriers that the player can actually mantle. Also, towers can now be partially upgraded in between the proper ""levels"" so no more sitting on 99 credits that can't do anything because you are one short of the upgrade. All of your towers maxed out? You can now OVERCHARGE them with excess money, with diminishing returns of course.Next up, the UI. Another massive improvement. Sanctum 1 didn't really give great descriptions of each tower, and the stats of towers were not as easy to read, so knowing the proper abilities of a tower (essential for a Tower Defense game) couldn't be done at a glance. Now, a simple mouse over on the tower tells the player everything they need to know, and range is displayed in a helpful holographic overlay.Now, the new progression system, at first it may trigger the eyeroll of shoving grindy RPG elements where they don't belong, but the implementation is solid. The player isn't hamstrung from completing levels due to being a lower level. Grinding simply doesn't happen, in the since that you don't find yourself needing to repeat levels endlessly. You can however, enable ""Feats of Strength"" when you replay old levels to substantially increase difficulty (and your XP reward) if you find yourself wanting to level faster. Being low level also doesn't exclude you from playing with higher level players. Because each player is limited to a certain number of tower and perk slots, you can always find a niche to fill in multiplayer (I enjoy playing the rocket launcher character and managing airborne minions).Overall, I can't see a reason not to get this game if you enjoy Tower Defense or Action Shooters for that matter. Sanctum offers short, replayable fun for a very low price. Buy this game!"
,Recommended,210770,11599612,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Celia Hodes,Fun game to play with your friends.
76561198035559989,Not Recommended,210770,29435642,Posted: 22 January,all,Qwerty Yerty,"Great game, if you have a friend to regularly play with.If you don't the game gets fustrating.  The game is not optimized for one player from my experience.If you do have a friend, game is much more interesting since there is an element of planning and teamwork."
76561198075608374,Recommended,210770,8705924,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,James Alex,Yeah
,Recommended,210770,9241453,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,GinGo,Very fun indeed.
,Recommended,210770,17857822,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Skate Fast Eat Ass,When first person shooters meet tower defence gamesyou read that right
76561198112572552,Recommended,210770,18633422,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Savitar | Nova.TF,"Sanctum 2 is a good game if you have nothing to do or if your just bored, there are plenty of weapons to kill lumes + the DLC's Weapons i would advice that you get this game and play with 3 other friends :)"
,Recommended,210770,10002173,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Akuma is my waifu,I guess thsi game is alright 7/10
76561198085343601,Recommended,210770,19394808,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Globrix,"Solid Game mixing tower defense and FPS.Feats of strenght mean there is another level to the game which is very challenging and may require additional help from other players but for me that adds to the fun.The levels on harder difficulty and latter game require the right strategy and tower setup which is fun to work out and can require trial and error.I really cant understand the negative comments around his game but then again most dont have many hours logged, it is very customisable with different perks / weapons and towers to pick from, hours of fun and enjoyment and will also drive you insane at times.The most challenging/contested aspect seems to be the boss waves that can destroy towers, firstly all towers can be repaired after the round and secondly thats kind of the point?.... a difficult boss that needs a different tactic to beat meaning you cant simply glide through the game without breaking sweat.In terms of value for money, if you like tower defense games with a bit of call of duty thrown in this game is definately worth it."
76561198119119283,Recommended,210770,9800407,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,[FP] General Maverick,This game is a first person shooter and a tower defence. A good combo!
,Recommended,210770,9607677,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Jazz for Your Soul,"Sanctum 2 is an excellent game, and in my own opinion, better than the first, a rarity in the gaming industry. Players of the original Sanctum will find that it has a similar feel to the original, but the small things take a lot of getting used to, for example the UI is packed with more information than before on a different location of the screen. Initially because of this, I found the game difficult to play, but after playing a few levels the interface was fairly easy to read from and playing was comfortable. The levels themselves are colossal, full of secrets, and both graphically and aesthetically pleasing. The game is well optimised, as shown by my less-than-stellar PC being able to handle this game fairly well with some graphical options turned off. The gameplay feels like a less-flamboyant Borderlands, which suits the aesthetic of the game well. The game does have it's bugs. I, on more than one occasion have found myself wedged between two slanted sections of wall and getting stuck. The game does have a suicide button for this purpose, but during a wave it can be irritating dealing with the 10-second respawn time as the enemy skips merrily towards the core. I have encountered crash bugs, although I suspect they're my PC's fault.I heartily reccomend Sanctum 2, and by extension, it's predecessor Sanctum. Sanctum 2 is certainly one of my top-5 games of all time and you should certainly buy it if you think it'd be your thing."
76561198055555262,Recommended,210770,9301337,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Terickle,Good enough
76561198072150198,Recommended,210770,9835876,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,F0rg0tten,Text-to-Speech simulator 2013 (you also shoot stuff but who cares a voice can tell you good job)
,Recommended,210770,8836087,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Zartorg,one of the best tower defences around.with amazing fps gaming as well.nuff said.
,Recommended,210770,8852769,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Imagine,EPIC GAME!!!
76561198011257592,Recommended,210770,8836779,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Krizixx,pretty cewl
,Recommended,210770,8857644,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,rinzler161,This game is an awesome mix of a classic Tower Defense and also is part FPS.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,210770,7576109,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,λdamsauce,Awesome game. why you no buy it yet?!?!
76561197988330352,Recommended,210770,8859151,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,=[SoR]= Cookbook Lollipops,This game is a great mix of TD and FPS. There isn't a huge emphasis on strategy and you are very limited in terms of how many towers/walls you can actually build. So the first few waves is pretty much all about planning and shooting. But the last few waves make up for this because by then you would have everything laid out and its more of a typical TD at that point. Overall great game that is best enjoyed in co-op with a few friends
,Recommended,210770,18383942,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hatcatson hellcase.com,This game is really fun to play through with a friend or just by yourself but it is really challenging by yourself
,Recommended,210770,8839661,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mia,simple gamei love it.....
76561198076852883,Recommended,210770,8855165,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Smurf,Very Fun to Play!
76561197993694411,Recommended,210770,19470711,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ghost2123,Its a very fun and nice gameplay all and all its the best tower defences game I think thats out ther
76561198068899866,Recommended,210770,19918243,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Voodoo3397,fun
,Recommended,210770,11703037,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,[tlPlc]MadPhoenix,an absolute MUST HAVE!
76561198013287172,Recommended,210770,8891161,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,The Adept,Very original
76561198078826464,Recommended,210770,9173581,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Bip8000,"very fun first person shooter and tower defense game, it gets a little tough on single player when the maps get bigger but the about of unlockable weapons and perks makes it a really fun game10/10"
76561198094473351,Recommended,210770,10421421,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DOC_PINGUIN,Awesomeee!
,Recommended,210770,8375303,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vash,"This game is awesome.  Decent sized campaign, but the ability to co-op and play with feats of strength keep it challenging and fun.  Tower defense as a FPS, brilliant!  Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,210770,8827787,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Scuttles,"Sanctum 2 is the best game I've found of it's genre. I'm sure Tom will nab you on the game's faulty floor design, if you've got friends to play it with, go for it. Controls feel nice, and the ability to make your own maze and fight in it feels pretty darn fun. Sadly there are some good towers and some towers that downright suck. It could use some balancing, but other than that, it's a great pickup...especially if it's on sale. Which it is a lot."
,Recommended,210770,8830507,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Zayto,NICE
,Recommended,210770,8850033,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Lt_Commander,"It's good fun. The story can't get much more bare bones, but there's a nice mix of strategy and action, the combat is brederline manic, and you can scale the difficulty quite easily. Overall, a fun game that can be played alone and with friends."
76561198123666270,Recommended,210770,9498224,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,NoahG™,Sexy
,Recommended,210770,9507692,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,bug12lm,its such a good game!! just hearing the soundtrack makes me want to jumpinto it again!!!
,Recommended,210770,9868277,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Fresh,"Very addicting! Picked it up for a great price, but it is definitely worth full price. Play with friends!"
,Recommended,210770,9890207,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,machoman,very good game. fun and interesting
,Recommended,210770,9892344,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,||Guilt||,Coffee Stain (them ♥♥♥♥ers responsible for Goat Megalelz Simulatorz) finally released the actual game. Sanctum 1 plays like an alpha test compared to this. Un-broken as ♥♥♥♥ at last.
,Recommended,210770,10236476,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Zaotron,"Overview: What a magnificent game.So I ended up playing this for about 90 hours in total. What makes this game really special is how it challenges you to think and to improve your strategy as you're presented with newer levels and higher difficulties.Sanctum 2 has 32 unique maps, and to win these at the hardest setting, you will need to select particular sets of weapons, towers, and perks. You need different combinations because some maps will be more suitable for relying on your towers, while others maximize your own attacks.You can play through all the maps solo, or you can join in 4-player co-op. Co-op is tricky, because unless you know another player well, you might end up with some weird people joining your game from basic matchmaking. Since resources are shared, you wouldn't want to waste your limited resources.Graphics: looks good. Use in conjunction with SweetFX to brighten some colours and remove noise.Music: pretty fitting, with relaxing music during building phases, and faster tempos for fighting.Overall: Very fun.Rating: 10/10."
,Recommended,210770,10745274,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Segrist,"A spectacular game that has friends work together, I really recomment playing with friends whom you get along with well however."
76561197962368239,Recommended,210770,10782681,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Deathkite,"To be honest with you Diane, I'm surprised.Didn't expect this game was so good!"
76561197968761282,Recommended,210770,329643,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Arc,"A genuinely surprising title in the ""FPS Tower Defense"" genre, becuase I really does work.Can only speak for the co-op, which is wonderful.  But as far as games go to blast through with a friend, this has been one of the best in a while."
76561198052773218,Recommended,210770,8837816,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Very Unique Name,"офигенно красивая ТД, еще и самому пострелять можно!"
,Recommended,210770,8915389,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,smartywoot,"Pretty cool twist on a typical TD game. I Love tower defenses and I actually consider this to be one of my favs. There are glitches here and there and some things are unbalanced... but dude its 15 bucks, and it was like 3 on sale."
76561197990016196,Recommended,210770,9066471,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mackhdo,"This game is really fun,it's one of the best Coop game  imo.You met really nice people on the multiplayer.It's the first game i finished at 100%, i think that alone show how much i appreciated it."
,Recommended,210770,9092414,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ö,shoot the weak spot so hard 3/5
76561198057700957,Recommended,210770,9131252,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Chill,"unique and casual tower defence game. Tower gameplay is somewhat limited as is the weapon and character customization. If this dips below 6$ in price again i would give it a buy,"
,Recommended,210770,9175872,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hamster Daddy,It's like Skyrim with without upgradeable weapons.
,Recommended,210770,9188879,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Roy Mustang,What could be better than herding alien bugs into a maze of death traps? Shoving a futuristic pump action shotgun up their @$$ as you herd them through it.It doesn't matter what your cup of tea is in gaming. This isnt @#$ing tea and you're gonna love every bit of it.
76561198040938516,Recommended,210770,9682897,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Sak_Master,"I would recomend this game to anyone that enjoys FPS or Tower Defense. It does a briliant job of mixing the two. You can never rely alone on just your towers or just your guns. You must mix the two to beat each level. Overall, very addictive and fun to play, probably more so coop than solo."
,Recommended,210770,4859661,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,bimmy,buy game
,Recommended,210770,8127216,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Neko-Kun,Awesome 3D fps tower defense :D I love it
76561198058889918,Recommended,210770,8383463,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Swamp Ninja,Fun as hell
76561198095199893,Recommended,210770,7855994,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Hauteclere,"EDIT: While the below review still holds true for the most part, after having played the game more, I've come to the conclusion that Sanctum 2 has much more of a learning curve than Sanctum. Sanctum is pretty easy to just jump into and enjoy, while Sanctum 2 requires you to learn how to really play the game and get some specific upgrades before it starts being really good. However, once you get to that point, it is a great experience possibly even better than the first despite the shortcomings.I give this a thumbs up overall because it is still a fun game; the blending of FPS and tower defense that is Sanctum is here, the maze-making strategy is here, and the multiplayer is better and more worthwhile than before. There are some good new features, but as a fan who loved and played a lot of the first, I am disappointed with a lot of the things they did here. But I'll start with the good:Multiple characters to choose from adds a new element of strategy, and equipping appropriate perks adds further. As all bonuses that can theoretically stack together do, equipping each character with appropriate perks for the best results is a welcome addition to the franchise that allows players to experiment for the combos that best suit them.Maps are much better designed than in the first Sanctum with much more attention to detail and more thought in strategic use of the environment. The campaign and leveling system are also a welcome addition, giving a feeling of progress, though some unlocks may take a bit too long to unlock. Lastly, there's a wider range of guns and towers available to choose from.It also looks really nice graphically.But now, the disappointments. I know this is a new game and shouldn't just be compared to the first, but as this is a sequel, things should get better, not worse, and a comparison will be necessary to make my point.Most of my issues can be summed up as such: the maps may be bigger, but the game feels so much smaller. Customization was supposed to be an important upgrade from Sanctum to Sanctum 2, but I honestly feel like the first had better customization. Number of guns allowed to each player has been reduced from 3 to 2, with 1 of those being locked to the character until capping your level, meaning only one weapon can actually be chosen for any given character, AND they can no longer be upgraded. Yet despite this, the game is actually more FPS-centric due to the limits on blocks and towers, as even without any feats of strength activated one can't really get away with just towers, again unlike the first, making for fewer different ways to actually play the game.Number of towers brought to a map maxes out at 4 per player, down from the 6 of the original. Additionally, floors are gone completely and Holo tower and Televators have also left the building, leaving basically only the two slowing towers to support the FPS aspect at all, and no guns which do the reverse (Freeze is gone), severing that integration completely aside from a few perks. Also, towers can only be upgraded to level 3 instead of 6, after which they go into ""overcharge,"" which is just throwing as many extra resources as you want at it to make it more continually more powerful, and I guess is basically the same thing.Blocks - now tower bases - are limited and given out per wave instead of costing a small amount of resources, preventing players from really building a maze until the map is over, seeing as maps are not longer than 10 waves, which was the shortest in the previous game, where it went as high as 30 in standard mode. Additionally, only 15 towers can actually be built per map, and the base cost of them has increased as much as 10x, no exaggeration; base Gatling now costs 100 instead of 10, and resources given hasn't increased to compensate (if anything it's lower). I guess as compensation upgrade costs don't increase as you continue to upgrade, but it doesn't matter much since they only go to level 3 and then overcharge anyway.What's the point of the maps being so big if I can only realistically use small portions of them?Good multiplayer is definitely not a bad thing in my book, but the game kind of shafts solo players. Many maps have multiple entry points for the enemies, occasionally in ways that prevent the two sides from ever joining before the core (and some have two cores), requiring a solo player to juggle two sides, a problem compounded further by the limitations to blocks and towers. A few of these maps existing would be fine, but not as many as there are here, especially since televators are no longer around to allow the player to move around quickly.The game is definitely a better multiplayer experience than single. It can be played single player, but it will be frustrating at times. Best to get a friend or two in on the action. Again, still a good game overall. If you liked Sanctum but thought it needed some improving, this might be for you. If you liked a lot of things in Sanctum, give it a shot, but be careful."
,Recommended,210770,8847432,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DancefloorDale,"If you liked Battlezone 2, you'll like this, though Battlezone 2 is far superior. At the time of review, a weekend deal pricing this game at $2.24 I feel is a fair price for this game. However, it's normal price of $14.99 is not. I recommend getting this game at the $2.24 price."
,Recommended,210770,462473,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,dave,Sanctum 2 co-op is awesome. I've been playing with random nerds and it's hella fun.
,Recommended,210770,13929051,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Demented Chipmunk,I didn't reall expect much from this game. I'm happy i gave it a shot though. You should try it out to.
,Recommended,210770,10702660,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Forsaken Reaper,"Sanctum 2 is a tower defense game with fps, and done surprisingly well. The artstyle of the game, in my opinion, is great, good soundtrack, and multiplayer works great. If single player is a bit lonely for you, then hop online and defend the base with others. This game is a nice addition to anyones game collection, whether it be a tower defense fan, or someone who is looking for a different fps to play."
,Recommended,210770,13410093,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mistah Jay,"This game and the orignal are two of the most fantastic multiplayer Tower Defense games i've ever played. Sanctum 2 gives you great growth over time as you unlock new towers and guns through leveling. While the single player is fun and immersive, the multiplayer aspect is where Sanctum 2 shines above other Tower Defense games.With aliens that are combative against the player, it's not just your towers or core taking damage, it adds aspects of FPS perspectives to a tradional TD. Being a moving target also changes how tower placement can be managed. the game is well thought out and the storyline is interesting. Whether you're looking for a fun game to LAN, or a game to kill some time at a good pace, Sanctum 2 is a diverse and exciting game."
,Recommended,210770,9803184,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,JoeLogan,I need an architect for maze construction. But anyway still an awesome game.
76561198117934445,Recommended,210770,11183514,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Doomguy,Tower Defense + First Person Shooter Style Game (11/10)
76561197992630973,Recommended,210770,20497638,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DJ Harry Block,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,210770,9010639,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Raz(uh?),"Tower defense, first person shooter action, aliens, robots, futuristic settings - what's not to love about Sanctum 2. Whether you've played the original or are a newcomer to the series, Sanctum 2 is an amazing game to play. There's not much to say but 'wow' when you realise how unique this game is - I don't think that I've personally seen any first person shooter/tower defense crosses before, but it's something that there needs to be more of, because the combination of strategy and action in this style of game leaves you having a LOT of fun if you're into those kind of games."
,Recommended,210770,9216470,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Shardikku The Ever-Funky,"hIt's like you took a generic futuristic TD, then made it nice and shiny...THEN MADE IT FIRST PERSON AND BLOWY-STUFF-UPPY and awesome."
,Recommended,210770,8848091,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,ＬＥＥ,It Has a Unique Game Play Of Its Own. Combining FPS And Tower Defence. It's a Must Try game If You're Into Strategy Game or FPS.
76561198095394715,Recommended,210770,8838243,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Ecclesiarchy,Great game to play with friends. also a great way to forget what time it is. I spent 5 hours playing this game with my friends and we didn't notice the time fly.
76561197986415771,Recommended,210770,8839877,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bela Lugosi is dead,"It's quite nice! Tried for myself via the free weekend, and was suprised.It lacks voice acting, but the art style is cool. The maps maybe small in the beginning, but you have the potential to be creative.The FPS mechanics add a new touch to the TD format.If you liked Orcs Must Die, you will like this game as well. The difference is, that you have a bit more punch with your character, and there is a little less emphasis on the turres.Remember that when you switch weapons, your empty weapon will reload automatically, while you are using the other weapon!"
,Recommended,210770,18258911,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Jill Stingray,"Even though I got it on sale for 5 bucks, this game is well worth the full price. The gameplay gets super intense very often as you try to beat the stuffing out of the baddies attacking your core. Each level also has it's own nice comic pages that look amazing. Get it while it's on sale if you can, but if you're reading this after it's over, it's still totally worth picking up.TL;DR: buy the game nerd, it's awesome"
,Recommended,210770,18349656,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mr. Camry,Tower defence and FPS? yes please
76561198136057422,Recommended,210770,21029549,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,.::Thel Vadam::.,its a great fps game that reminds me of halo
,Recommended,210770,11833669,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Aida Enna,This game is amazingggggggggggg
,Recommended,210770,9976180,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Skithnix,This game has text to speech. 10/10
,Recommended,210770,11769742,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mawrk,You can reload your guns by switching to another one.10/10
76561198007367437,Recommended,210770,8926796,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,hobokomodo,"Great mechanics fusing tower defense games and sci-fi fpses. Highly recommended if you've got a group of friends who'd nerd off with you, like any good online multiplayer game."
76561198073423846,Recommended,210770,9078216,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Technologic,"Ohhh this game is sooo good!!!! FPS tower defense doesn't sound like it would work, but Sanctum 2 pulls it off perfectly. Great graphics, DLC, and that little LOTR easter egg in Biolab, all add up to a great game. Well worth buying!!!"
,Recommended,210770,8848532,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mini You,"a verry god strategy game and a lot of acon in it.a verry completed game, and they have thinked of evry little bit of the game!6/6 is my trow!"
,Recommended,210770,9790612,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,mohawkd12,"Awesome game, vry original and definately worth the price (even the full $15 price). Good replayablility, but may run a bit slow on some systems."
76561198089031764,Recommended,210770,8950492,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Enter Name Here,its really good
,Recommended,210770,9813601,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dancy,"Action, strategy, and fun! Highly recommend to all!"
,Recommended,210770,18812700,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lexons,"Just Awesome ^,^ Love the story line and graphics!"
,Recommended,210770,15285872,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,MissedAWPortunities,Sanctum 2:-Get Game-Play it for a long time-Fail-Get rekt because you didnt balance towers right-Die because you forgot about the flying enemies-Mess up your path leading to your death.-Stop playing this game for awhile-Pick up the game again-Play for 30 minutes-Realize why you stopped playing because you can't beat it-Put down the game11/10 Would give up again
76561198068453034,Recommended,210770,13459861,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Caddues P.,"Fun game, but would make it even more fun would be playing it with friends"
,Recommended,210770,14866518,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,210770,18544944,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,╭∩╮ sass ╭∩╮,It's really fun - but pretty much impossible without friends.
76561198082873599,Recommended,210770,9536412,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,FireFright,One of the best team based games you can fine where at times you actually need a team of friend to help you out
,Recommended,210770,11570057,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Bert,"Text to speech simulator 2013, JOHN MADDENNNNNNNNNN"
,Recommended,210770,11576538,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Kuniechan,Play dundef instead 8/4 IGN
,Recommended,210770,28070079,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mkuhfahl,Best game!
,Recommended,210770,28054388,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Geige,"Sanctum 2 is my favorite most niche game of all time. The fact that it's such an underrated and unpopular game probably contributes to some sort of stockholm syndrome I have for it as the game is best played with 3-4 people and, due to its popularity, this is a rarity for someone like myself.The progressive wave based structure and leveling give sanctum 2 all the replayability it needs for me, i just wish they would release another sequel so I can try and convince my friends to get it ;_;It also has the waifu-material ""Sweet Autumn"", designed and named like a 13 year old's Deviant art OC, she will always be both my waifu and laifu."
,Recommended,210770,28349032,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Toast Toaster,"This is one of those things I like a lot, but can't find anyone who likes it."
,Recommended,210770,7838162,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Sphealmint,Absolutely worth it if you enjoyed the first one!
,Recommended,210770,7942660,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Wave,Only played it a little bit and it's already been awesome. I lofe FPS and Tower Defense games. This is a really good and challanging combination of both.
,Recommended,210770,8011292,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Vriska Serket,#GOOD GAME
76561198053587467,Recommended,210770,7961853,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Galanor,"Good game. Loads to unlock. Only got to the maximum character level today and I have 80h playtime. Plenty of easter eggs as well as varied, weapons, towers, enemies and playable characters. Graphics aren't bad either and there's plenty of people online atm 08/12/13."
,Recommended,210770,7964941,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,WoW-NyxMiester,Awsome Tower Defence mashed with FPS concept :)
,Recommended,210770,18538604,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,bwjybfu,"Too good to be considered an Indie game, Good Idea of being an FPS/Tower Defense, has a nice difficulty curve, and has some great co-op mechnics to it.If you are a fan of:-Shooters-Tower Defense games-New Game Mechanics-Wonky Game Mechanics-Co-op Games-something to eat timeI'd say give it a shot."
,Recommended,210770,33083802,Posted: 1 July,all,j000 [PL],"I really love this game. Fun and different approach to tower defence. Really great when you plan your choices before starting.Too bad Linux version is not as good as Windows. (I doubt updates and dlcs broke the game - I played on Windows when this game was brand new, bought season pass and had no crashes.) Now I'm on Linux full time and this game crashes for weird reasons in multiplayer: hosts restarts his game and everything starts working like it should."
,Recommended,210770,15420446,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,Great mix of Tower defense and FPS.I love playing this with friends as a team.I highly recommend this for co-op games.
,Recommended,210770,10744839,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hip Whip Girl,"This game is amazing, I hope they make a Sanctum 3!"
,Recommended,210770,15830438,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MortAss,"Tower-def-games is one favorite! and i love this one! if you like orcs must die series you'll probably like this one to :)but be aware, it's fuken frustrating building in multiplayer and you're 2 guys whit 2 different plans :) but which game are not? :) buy it !! :D"
,Recommended,210770,33147212,Posted: 2 July,all,Chen,Still waiting for a sequel.
,Recommended,210770,33196438,Posted: 3 July,all,ss,Best game 👍
76561198076139168,Recommended,210770,15221186,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SkyChrome,"This is one of the best Tower Defense games I've ever played! :) It's one of the hardest though, but I just think that it's a good thing :) This game comes with a good atmosphere and awesome graphics, it's a good shooter also btw. 10/10 would play it again! :D"
,Recommended,210770,1208577,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,ComradeWinston,"At first this game isn't too special, the maps are very simple and getting new towers/abilities/weapons takes a while. But once you've hit the lv20ish range, chances are you'll have made your way to the more interesting maps and have plenty of stuff in your arsenal. The DLC also provides quite a few good maps that I liked better than the originals, along with two new towers in most of them.Aside from the relatively slow leveling curve, there isn't really anything to complain about. Obviously it's better to play with others but luckily usually someone else who's made their way into at least the mid-teens knows what's going on and will recognize a good setup, so arguments over tower placement aren't an issue or at least haven't been much of one for me. Aside from some pair of two year-olds that muted me and wouldn't dare let me touch their sacred wall segments where they hadn't even placed turrets. Every game has some ♥♥♥♥♥♥s playing it, I suppose.If you think whatever resources you're given after each wave are 'yours' then either drop the greedy mentality or don't even bother playing this game with anyone but yourself."
,Recommended,210770,11703347,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,7 Wagon wheels,I could write a very long pharagraph on how good this game is including all of its aspects but no ill make it short and snappy by saying its ver indivigual game like none of a kind the way it is half way bettween a tower defence game but then after you have created your towers you get thrown streght into a FPS game. this is very cleverly done and a way i enjoy very much. The game istelf is very in depth but if you buy all of the DLCs (LIke me)  ist even more in depth . The way it makes you whant to play and play and oh i have made very long and long well if i would say just buy the bloudy game and try it for your self :)
,Recommended,210770,3911224,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Lunisford,"Gread game,Sometime difficult.The game design is fabulous8/10-There should be even more maps and enemies (PLUS SPECIAL PRIMARY WEAPONS)+This game have a huge potential.+-There is enough character but could be more-short story line+Great graphics and superb idea to put some hidden thing"
,Recommended,210770,17843921,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,recta1anarchy,get this game. get it now. its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,210770,19593448,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Slamoo,"FPS tower defense?  Yes!  You will either love or hate this blend of different game elements.  There will be little to no middle ground.Your ""maze"" and towers are primarily to support you in your fps activities.  To funnel and weaken your enemies while you blast them down.  That's a very basic breakdown of what to expect but it should provide insight as to whether you will enjoy this style of game.This got my vote of confidence."
76561197987744283,Recommended,210770,1144396,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,GnomishLich,"Take everything the original sanctum did, the towers, the shooting, the monsters, and add a whole new level of chaos, carnage, and combat, and you are walking into the tip of the iceberg that is sanctum 2. try not to sink on impact . . ."
76561198086650184,Recommended,210770,19770801,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Nectarine2000,"This is a great game. It reminds me a lot of borderlands, so if you like it buy this. however, there is enough variety in weapons and towers that you dont have to like games like borderlands to enjoy this game.pros+ fun, extremly frantic gameplay+ nice art style+ multiplayer, local and online+ LOTS of game herecons- can feel a bit dragged out at times- i only really use 2 towers, the rest i find arent as good (to be fair i just dont really want to experiment, towers arent really what i find fun abuot this game)- a bit expensive?- ??????????????? ?? ??- buy the gamelike i said before, the path making for the enimies is very fun but i dont love the tower selection so i tend to just use the first 2 you unlock. im sure there are better, but i prefer the shooting. the perks in this game are very interesting and fun, for example the ones a have on right now are ""enemies explode when they die"" and ""instant respawn and 15 secs of extra damage after respawning"". i am a very aggrisive character that gets in close and dies very fast, but you can play ganade lady, or sniper mech, or all rounder gun lady. the gameplay is so fast that instead of reloading you should almost always simply switch weapons and the gun will reload while you fire the other one, and once that ones out you repeat for constant shooting. just buy this game."
76561198050164600,Recommended,210770,13263889,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sebo,This is another fun tower defense game but its never going to beat how much I love dungeon defenders.
,Recommended,210770,12007136,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,A Very Important Spoon,"Sanctum 2 is a first person shooter, tower defense game. Need I say more?It requires a mix of both stragaty and skill to both build long running mazes with carfully placed but powerfull turrets and to blast enemies with whatever futuristic gun you have at your disposal.If you like first person shooters, then you might like this game.If you like tower defence games, then you will like this game.If you like both genres, then you will quite possibly love this game.This is a uniqe experiance that you probably won't find anywhere else."
,Recommended,210770,12038057,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Pro Tricky Towers Player,my lvls difikulte in grops iz so ez it mad me cri evrytiem cuz lak of sweg
76561198110316419,Recommended,210770,12035222,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,For AIUR!,A Combination of TD and FPS made this game amazing. It gives more options to defend and a lot of decision making when playing. A good game indeed. Keep it up!
,Recommended,210770,13768802,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Caveman,"Sanctum 2 is a very good game.  It takes Sanctum and adds on the levelling and skill tree dynamics as seen in Super Santum TD to arrive at a game sufficiently different to Sanctum to merit a second purchase.However, while I like Santum 2 and recommend it, I feel it over-complicates matters and I therefore consider the original Sanctum to be the better game."
,Recommended,210770,9087333,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ryu,"Amazing game. Have bought 4 copies so I could play with people, lol."
76561197980159020,Recommended,210770,8012531,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mastermind,"If you're like TD and FPS games, than you should try this :)"
,Recommended,210770,7918058,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jsh,Ehh. Its okay. Dont really buy it if you have the original
76561198052197942,Recommended,210770,8838774,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Lügenpresse,Yeah this is a sick game to play both in between main games and for ages. Mard fun spesh in a group
76561197960563723,Recommended,210770,14733277,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Crunchy,Lots of fun with friends
76561198041257660,Recommended,210770,8023752,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Boh <3 【=◈︿◈=】,Awesomness
,Recommended,210770,9798984,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,homer LFT,fun game
,Recommended,210770,20814161,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nablet,The game has Text-to-Speech recognitionWHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR?BUY IT NOW!!no but seriously tl;dr this is worth itperiod.
76561197970622242,Recommended,210770,11713535,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,CLEANERS filter,play this game!
,Recommended,210770,14495126,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,qυαηтα,"15/10 AMAZING GAMEOne of the most unique, and original games i've seen in a while. Lets Review It FAQ Style.Q: So, its both a Tower Defence AND a FPS?A: Yes. inbetween waves you get to build towers, when the badies come, you pull out your guns and play like it was Call Of Duty, Halo, TF2, CS:GO or any of those.Q: Can my laptop handle it?A: If its got integraded graphics, yah should run fine.Q: Is there any replay value?A: Play again and again and again.... never gets old, new things to unlock all the time.Q: So, i love the game now and i was wondering if DLC is worth it and which ones i should get.A: well.... you love the game then the best bet  for you is the Complete Pack, adds a new character, MUSIC, 3 NEW MAP PACKS, Some alternate skins and more unlockables more perks more this more EVERYTHING!Q: Ok ok final question... Worth a buy?A:JUST FU##ING BUY IT! YES! YES! YES! AMAZING GAME!!!"
,Recommended,210770,11762218,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,What is up my dude,great game to play with freinds
,Recommended,210770,10728568,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Commend me please,Dessent game naamsayun it has the towers but also many guns for your liking to be satisfacted.
,Recommended,210770,32948004,Posted: 28 June,all,KlemzoHimself,"Very good game, alot of bugs got fixed."
,Recommended,210770,32967576,Posted: 28 June,all,forticyn,This game is super worth it if you get it during a sale.
,Recommended,210770,8025289,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Imban,"Sanctum 2 is by far the best tower defense / shooter combination out there as of the end of 2013. If the concept intrigues you at all, go buy it, it's not that expensive. >_>The guys behind it are pretty great, too!"
,Recommended,210770,23246799,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sleepless™,Fun if playing with friends (Y)
,Recommended,210770,25885715,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,HYDRA,"In this game combined two genre: first person shooter and tower defense. Average graphics, limited stuff and it's too old and never get updates.6/10 Good strategy-shooter but too old and after some hours of playing you will get bored probably!"
76561197986261982,Recommended,210770,25914941,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LO$T?,I would give it a metacritic of 80 or 81 great game.
76561198032784198,Recommended,210770,26022729,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,raphael.eybert,"I LOVED this game. A lot of action and strategy, never boring and also a lot of replayability since there are a ton of perks, weapons, caracters and tower combinations. it's one of the few games that i tryed to master rather than being frustrated when i loosed. Its only problem : it's not infinite... i'll play it again even if i have a lot of games to play before."
,Recommended,210770,8984900,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,ActionPoohole,"This game is aweeeesome!!! I loved the original Sanctum for the fact that I LOVE Tower Defense games. I loved building tonnes of towers all over the map and was kind of disappoined by the way that Sanctum 2 was re-engineered compared to it's predecessor...I recently got myself a new graphic card and decided to buy the game when it was on special. I tried it and was slightly confused by how the game worked.. There seemed to be a restriction on the amount of towers which was 15....???But after playing the game more with my friends online I have started to enjoy it much more and begain to quickly realise exactly why these changes were actually HUGE improvements over the original game.As much as I loved Sanctum 1, Sanctum 2 has just become a much more immersive experience and enjoyable experience.I'll give reasons why I love this game below!1) Building even more complex mazes than the original game.2) Experimenting with the awesome variety and different combinations of towers. (There are so many different towers, from long range cannons, lasers, lightning, mind control, anti-air, ground pounders, slow generators, supports towers to increase damage and range of neighbouring towers as well as other misc ones I'll leave up to you to find out about yourself)3) HUGE selection of perks that allow you to drastically customize how your character plays.4) The maps are really well designed, both in aesthetics and well thought out design to really make you think about the most appropriate towers for each situation.5) The challenge that comes from trying to deal with different combinations of enemies AND the bosses that can wreak havoc on your maze.6) The gorgeous graphics in general.7) Huge selection of maps.8) Sandbox mode that allows you to have as many towers as you want(Which shows that the game was designed to have 15 turret cap to keep the game strategic and trust me, it really forces you to make the right decisions and think strategically)9) 5 different characters that have different traits and primary weapons.10) Secondary weapons are unlockable and allow you to completely change the feel of each character.11) Completely overhauled enemies from the original sanctum as well as a big variety of New enemies, some gargantuan aliens that I can guarantee you will have a tough time dealing with!12) Easy and Fast game creation allowing drop in and drop out at any time for your friends to come and join the fray, with each player having their own choice of 4 different towers to use.13) This time the enemies can see you and react to you. They are actually intelligent and won't hesitate to mash your face to a pulp if you get too close. Some of the enemies just run straight for the core, but others will spit and shoot at you, blast you with shock waves, charge at you and pound their fists into you until you are dead. This time they are not push overs. But neither are you. You can  hit back, and hard!This game is NOT Sanctum 1 so do NOT expect to just let your towers do all the work.This game focuses a LOT on First Person Shooter action.. This time, when you use guns you actually feel like you're doing damage which was a problem in the first game as the enemies got tankier and tankier.This time around the enemies don't get any stronger as the waves progress, there are just more of them and brutal combinations of enemies that will really force you to make the right choices for tower selection.If you are quick witted, strategic and with good aim then this game will be right up your alley.Before playing this game I was frustrated and annoyed by the choice they made to have a cap of 15 towers to use in the campaign. I loved the tall tower blocks and slow fields in Sanctum 1. I loved the way you could upgrade 6 times in Sanctum 1. I also loved the way I could upgrade my own weapons.But this time around in Sanctum 2 I can Guarantee that there is NO need or WANT for upgrading your weapons as the perks system is far superior in allowing you to create a much more enjoyable experience.The weapons feel far stronger in Sanctum 2. They are extremely customisable in how they function. The towers are FAR more interesting. The maps are far superior. The graphics are MUCH better. The Character selection is AWESOME.The Towers can be upgraded from Level 1 to level 3. Which might not seem like much but you can permanently over-charge towers. (Some towers gain more range when over-charged, others gain damage.. But it doesn't stop at just range and damage... Find out for yourself! :D )I give Sanctum 2 a Solid 10 out of 10 for gameplay, graphics, strategy, customisability and simplicity.The story however seems completely not relevant to my experience, I have barely read a word of the story in fact... But somehow it makes you feel more in tune with the characters, making the experience just that tad better.The only thing I could see done to improve this game would be to add rendered cutscenes but this is completely irrelevant.Awesome game and worth buying whether it's on special or not.A Big Thumb Up The Bum for Sanctum 2!!!10/10"
,Recommended,210770,11718632,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,h a y_♕⊕ #japan,They changed quite a bit from the first one. On the first one you had the choice of upgrading your weapons or towers. Sanctum 2 has a level-up/perk system which allows you to choose between playing more offensively or defensively allowing you to mix and match to your desired playstyle. FPS + Tower Defense = <3 And they still have those giant aliens that have big orange balls as a head.
,Recommended,210770,30636846,Posted: 20 March,all,Andrew Nightroad,"awesome game, seriously, especially if you like tower defense, and you kind of enjoy fps but think csgo and tf2 are lame."
76561198098237686,Recommended,210770,24799943,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,erkki772,It's very good TD and FPS game
,Recommended,210770,14490787,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Freakzoid11,I can't believe that this is a tower defense game where you can experience what it's like to be in a tower defense! Good game!
,Recommended,210770,11745433,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Bearderrific,"Fun gameplay, good class customizations. The game is 20x better in cooperative play. Not generally a huge FPS or Tower Defense fan, but I highly recommend this one.I've never played the first one, so I'm not sure on its improvements. But based on the game alone:Pros:+ Great Co-Op & Party System+ 4 classes (5 if you get the DLC) may seem limited at first, but they all have a good amount of customization.+ Multiple selections for weapons, turrets, and perks.+ Fast learning curve+ High replayability (Level Modifiers that increase difficultyCons:- Honestly, can't find any quite yet. I'll update if I do though."
,Recommended,210770,16461182,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,XymphosCraK,"You leap around, performing amazing aerial rocket shots and revel in the amazing graphics (for its release date) as your hard-earnt turrets annihilate everything standing in front of you.A boss appears, but it's no problem, because you've built several overcharged turrets just to take it down.Your teammate stands in front of the turrets, aggros the boss, and causes all the turrets to be destroyed.ragequit/10"
,Recommended,210770,11750728,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,alveolate,"FPS meets TD!the game is fairly easy to pick up, for fans of Tower Defense. towers behave fairly well, with sufficient variety and strategic placement / upgrading involved. just try not to sell other people's towers without saying anything!the First-Person gameplay is very rewarding, with challenging creeps who would chase / shoot you, requiring some good acrobatics to stay alive and be useful. the weakspot system works well with the weapons, which take some skill to feel useful.the best for last: Co-op pve! getting a good team to play with, communicating, sharing resources, modifying each other's mazes... it's just the most fun you can get in any TD. kinda reminds me of Warcraft 3 custom TD maps; but those usually can't support co-op and most definitely exclude the FPS.tried it, bought it. totally worth the $4.9/10EDIT: nominated this game for The “Game Within A Game” Award - both because it has the hardest ""game in a game"" achievement, and the amalgamation of two genres makes this game literally an FPS within a TD."
,Recommended,210770,34699586,Posted: 2 September,all,NumberHunterP,I never thought i would get ♥♥♥♥ed by a flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monster. 10/10
,Recommended,210770,35212692,Posted: 25 September,all,i like eeyore,tower defense but not 2
,Not Recommended,210770,31887656,Posted: 21 May,all,"Pete, King of the Detectives","Pete's Lightning Round - Sanctum 2The problem with Sanctum 2 is that it just doesn't feel very satisfying to play. The enemies are pretty much all bullet sponges and the numbers are turned up to ridiculous values - I'm not kidding when I say that the enemies in the first map have 18k health. You have to ease up to those numbers, you can't just throw me in there and expect me to feel good about shooting a gun that does 2k damage per shot when all I've done is clicked ""Play"". So my rocket launcher does 2k damage, I get 3 shots before I have to reload, and one enemy has 18k health... Now obviously you're supposed to be using your towers to shoot them too, but you get the same problem there. In a game like Orcs Must Die 2, you have to deal with around five times as many enemies per wave, so naturally you're dealing with less health per enemy, but it feels more satisfying because you're blasting guys left and right. One of the really great things was how impactful your traps felt, the most obvious example being the spring traps that send enemies flying into bottomless pits. You just don't get that in Sanctum 2 - your towers all look pretty much the same, and upgrading them just increases their stats rather than adding cool effects to them like in OMD2 or any of the hundreds of tower defence games you'd find on Newgrounds (Kingdom Rush, Desktop Tower Defence, those Gemcraft games...). The ""It's also an FPS!"" gimmick doesn't add enough to the game considering how bland and slow-paced everything is, so at the end of the day the only entertainment you're really going to get out of Sanctum 2 is through messing with the text-to-speech option.Taster's score: C-"
,Not Recommended,210770,13848686,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,-N,"This game was enjoyable when I hit max level - but it's a coop game, and none of my friends had any unlocks.  They didn't want to play long because of that.Good gameplay, marred with persistent unlocks and lack of maze-building."
,Recommended,210770,29292417,Posted: 16 January,all,The Inner Wolf,"great game, but is much better if you play with friends."
76561198060183000,Recommended,210770,29585686,Posted: 30 January,all,mike wazowski,yes
,Recommended,210770,11755928,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,✨[JP] ♀めぐみ✯✨,nice game i like it <3
,Recommended,210770,27468485,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HighRoLa,"Let me tell you right now, this game is awesome.  I went in, and spent an hour EASILY. Very fun game.Pros-Fun gameplay-Very good sound design-Nice progression system; Not too slow, not too fast-Fun gunsCons-Optimization. Its not very good. And its CPU Intensive. But im hitting stable 60fps, but 60fps usually just doesnt cut it for me since i have a 144hz screen. But in this game, i dont mind it.-Saving is there, but it doesnt work. It always says the save is corrupted or deleted. And its level based, so you lose all your progress."
76561198122485317,Recommended,210770,12507281,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,xLogikz,Epic game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,210770,28404698,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,VanSHOE,"not even played 1 hr at time of writing this, already in love :D"
,Recommended,210770,10251873,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lagg,"I really like when people do something interesting with tower defense. This is one of those interesting things. People have tried doing ""hybrids"" of these before but they've always felt either forced or biased towards either the shooting part or the tower part. Here they did a pretty good job, and the level design (which is important) for this kind of thing is great. Not only do the levels offer good options for setting up towers but they arepretty. That's something people skimp on when doing this kind of game design because often people are looking at terrain formation to figure out their towers rather than the aesthetic, but not here. There is so much to look at on these levels and it really works well with that signature Unreal-engine-shiny look. This seems like one of those times where people chose the engine based on the game design rather than the other way around, because unreal worksverywell for those sterile-futuristic-glowy arrangements. Some friends and I have an ongoing series of highlight clips of our sessionshere. (first video is me doing it solo)"
,Recommended,210770,14489422,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,W/S4,I killed my friend by mistake while building a tower.. best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,210770,31117009,Posted: 13 April,all,Beev,"Tower Defence & First Person Shooter all in one wonderful game!!!What's bread that's not sliced? You guessed it.... something we don't want!What's Sanctum 2? The best thing since sliced bread! Well as far as tower defence games go that is.Great mix between the aforementioned genres.  If you like one or the other it's worth a play, if you like both than it's a must!Game often goes on sale, pick it up cheap, pick it up full price. Worth it!"
,Recommended,210770,8594031,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Snackoo,"Really fun class based tower defense FPS. I haven't played the first, but I own it and I probably should. I have a friend who calls this ""grown-up Dungeon Defenders"" but it's fun to be able to direct where the enemies will move, unlike in DD where they will walk until they find a wall. It's more of an FPS Defense Grid. Oh man, Defense Grid. Buy that too. This is really fun to play with friends if you have ones that will listen to you, I couldn't imagine trying to co-operate with some randoms online."
,Recommended,210770,9358664,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,i'd smash,Its very fabulus.
,Recommended,210770,31262383,Posted: 20 April,all,Kaos collectskins.com,"Amazing game, even if isnt extremely customizable or reuses bosses, its still amazing for the price i got it at. (2.99 USD)"
,Recommended,210770,9841618,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,ssx3,Map 6-4 with feats of strength enabled is my interpretation of hell.
,Not Recommended,210770,23967218,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rika,"I had fun for about 5 hours, exploring the build options, learning the enemies moves, and creating and testing new defense strategies. After that, it became really repetitive, really fast. It was simply packing on more and more enemies without much variation or new, unique challenges. To me, it's a game with very little lasting power. Get it on sale if you want it."
,Recommended,210770,8822715,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,GioXmen,"One of the best First Person Tower Defense games out there,along side Orcs Must Die 2"
76561198047619489,Recommended,210770,11906211,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Australia's Slickest Nigga,toyota
76561198048420220,Recommended,210770,7808806,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Terrance Jet,"A wonderful sequel, it really focuses more on the FPS side than the TD side, making it a completely different experience. Some players knocked this, but I loved it! I still play the first game to get my TD fix, then play this to shoot aliens IN THE (face?) FACE!"
,Recommended,210770,8546568,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Raviden,"Sanctum 2 ReviewWhat kind of game is this? How do you play? What do you do?Sanctum 2 is a direct sequel to Sanctum, as one would expect, it draws several of the same gameplay elements from it, and changes them. It retains genre, which is exclusive to the series, the first person shooter tower defense cross over. You hold your ground against of hordes of monsters that will attack your core, should they reach it. You do 2 things to avoid this, shoot them, and build towers. Shooting is straight forward, but it should be said that you have infinite ammo. You can place towers on an overlaying grid on the map. Some towers attack, and some towers buff others. you must then hold out against the horde with whatever you have.ControlsThe controls are standard of the FPS genre and work well. It also has Xbox 360 controller support, and plays decently with a shield controller 10/10SoundThe music in the game fits the atmosphere well, and the sound effects are fine as well. Most all the voice acting is decent, but nothing special. 9/10GraphicsThe games graphics are nothing to complain about, everything looks good in unity, except some of the player models 8/10DifficultyThe game has a good difficulty and gets progressively harder as you go. however, I could not play solo at the end of the game, and needed to call for help from a few friends. 8/10StoryThe story is told in comic strip panels in loading screens, this works well, as it gives you time to enter then game when you are done reading them. This is good mechanic, sadly, the story is nothing ground breaking, and is kind of stereotypical. You also have to click on each individual panel at a menu to read the comics, rather than be able to use arrow keys to scroll. 7/10MultiplayerBy far the best thing about this game, resources are evenly distributed among you and your friends. you can place your own towers, and tower bases where ever you like, which makes communication a necessity. 10/10DLCAll the DLC in the game is well worth the money.Just be sure everyone has it in multiplayer, other wise only the personal characters and towers work.OverallAll in all, this game is a must have on steam. If frequently goes on sale, and is well worth it at its default price, I highly recommend you give this unique game a try.9/10, Near perfect."
76561198033378050,Recommended,210770,9012883,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,[SS|GM]Quantum-Nova,Very Nice game...Its a awesome graphics and its a real life tower defense game
,Recommended,210770,7579658,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,catPyre,"When tower defense meets first person shooter you get Sanctum. If you've ever played and liked a tower defense game but wanted to be a little more involved, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,210770,7811399,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,hitomi,as far as sequels go this is a really good one
,Recommended,210770,7816464,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Rylai,♥♥♥♥ing love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!Been playing since the first one came out.Also I'm buying anothe 4 copies for my friends.Sweet is the best character
76561197990990889,Recommended,210770,7824420,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Jerres,"Things that make Sanctum 2 better than dungeon defenders: - no item grinding- Many different Enemies with different abilities (e.g. armored ones that needs to be hittet in weak spots, so you need to kill them)-need of intelligent Tower placement, no all-around tower.-Mazing"
,Recommended,210770,7929949,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Memes of Production,A fantastic tower defence game which delivers not well in just the tower defence part but is also an innovative and fresh first person shooter co-op experience. The campaign itself can deliver many hours of gameplay alone or with friends. Not even talking about the sheer possibilites behind playing survival or such. An amazing game and i throughly reccomend it.
76561198133352817,Recommended,210770,11765734,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,finalkamehameha9,Very addictive game! Deffinetly recommend!
,Recommended,210770,11774849,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,kawayan,Outstanding tower defense game? Check! Cool characters and amazing weapons? Check! Perks? Check! And It's a first-person shooter too! Awesome dude!
,Recommended,210770,5396970,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Suspiciousbread,"its a good sequal to the original sanctum, different in some ways but is challenging and fun. id give it a 89/100 rating. worth buying."
76561198108776368,Recommended,210770,32999173,Posted: 29 June,all,The Trashman,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,210770,24775178,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Power Clit,"Sanctum 1 was fun.Sanctum 2 is fun.Sanctum 1 and 2 have fun times with the text chat.*singing happy birthday in 8-bit text translator to my team mates while getting throttled by Luges*Overall, visually stunning, fun, and just an absolute blast."
,Recommended,210770,27552594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,❤AlphaAmelia❤,Yes.
76561198021397377,Recommended,210770,8837489,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Zajhle,I recomend this game to someone who likes tower defenses. It is a amazing game and I want to see more people playing this amazing game
76561197971061700,Recommended,210770,11764972,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Furious Hamster,"A mix up of tower defence and fps genres, very fun!"
,Recommended,210770,9798682,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Limitless,Great Game Hours of fun!!!! I wouldn't say it's a long game or a short game. Must get the dlc!!! Makes the game more exciting!!! GET THIS GAME
76561198312140835,Recommended,210770,28423373,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,-Lenox-,"this game is fun, great, and all that you expected"
,Recommended,210770,9799809,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,nai249,Good but the dlc can suck my balls
,Recommended,210770,12048113,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Markmen,This game really was AMZAZING!!!!!!!LEAVE A POOP ON THIS GAME AND HAVE FUN.Did u know that there is a pet selection were u can have a pet TURKEY(and a dog)
,Recommended,210770,20814156,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,♥♫April™®,The text to speech is better than the game.12/10 would spam alphabets on chat again.
76561198046621562,Not Recommended,210770,19364136,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,mighty1926,The fact they never included an option to disable the head bob and excessive recoil on weapons is unforgivable imo.
76561198013490162,Recommended,210770,31871080,Posted: 20 May,all,[TAS] Mr.Anarchy,"A fantastic game, there is no excuse to not pick it up if its on sale."
,Recommended,210770,12731116,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sasori Underpowered,This game is a great FPS for people who don't know uch about the Genre
,Recommended,210770,14524963,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Joseph Stalin,"The best tower defense I have ever played. Advanced technology used to battle monsters with different abilities, you can choose from different cannons, and what attributes they have. Set up walls in the perimeter, and prevent the monsters from destroying the core.The one part, a minor problem, is my lack of transgender, therefore I have a problem coping with being a female for an assault rifle."
,Recommended,210770,23662865,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ColgateGamer,a
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,210770,714173,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Destyre,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It takes everything that made the first game great and throws it out, focusing instead on the first person shooter aspect, which is horribly mediocre. The towers in this game are worthless coupled with the fact that you are limited to only a handful in number at any time anyway. Also bosses will smash through very limited mazes that you can build, destroying swathes of blocks and towers like they aren't there, forcing you to full engage enemies with your hand held guns, which as stated previously are barely passable.A strange design choice was to also add player death, which means that this time around mobs can attack you. While this in itself isn't a bad thing, alot of mobs will throw you around like a ragdoll or nuke you down in seconds - you have very little health. If you are thrown off of a bridge or cliff into the abyss, you will die. Some mobs will do an area of effect throw, throwing anyone near them.. it makes some mobs almost impossible to kill if they are on thin ledges and are immune to attacks unless you hit the weak spots. Often the respawn point is right near the core too, so if they are at the core, doing the AoE, you will respawn and instantly get thrown off again. If you are lucky enough to survive you will probably land in scenery and glitch into it, unable to move, unable to respawn (and did I mention that they removed televators? So you can no longer teleport like you could in the first game)This game was obviously designed with consoles in mind due to the limited number of things that you can do and the unintuitive interface; A bizarre decision by the developers considering that the first Sanctum did really well on PC. It tries to dazzle you with ragdoll physics and huge bosses but ultimately fails to provide the gameplay to back it up. This game is less about tactics and clever maze building than the first, in favor of bouncy, flashiness and guns. Buy the first game instead, Sanctum 2 is a wasted opportunity and not worth your time. A shame because I was really looking forward to it after the fun and original game that was Sanctum.3/10.I should note that the only reason I gave it even 3 points was due to the developer improving on a few issues that players unanimously complained about, and they did so very quickly. Unfortunately this still hasn't fixed the game and it's still no where near as good as it should have been. Still, a developer who listens to their fans deserves respect as that is a quality that developers lack these days - it's just a shame that they decided to listen to players AFTER the game was released and not bouncing ideas around before they had started the design phase."
76561198073191806,Recommended,210770,8821870,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,stephen111,pretty good game really fun and can be difficult
76561198117581625,Recommended,210770,12567658,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Caesar,"Wonderful interface, worth when you pay at promotion!!"
,Recommended,210770,28601091,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,senator_maximus,The game is magnificent and the idea to add the FPS elements to Tower Defence genre is great!
76561198025681070,Not Recommended,210770,13633093,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Neutralred,"Decent game, but ♥♥♥♥ their 2 gig patches."
,Not Recommended,210770,11389879,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Diogeno[ITA],"This game gets boring after few hours and while I loved Sanctum 1, the sequel didn't reach my expectations.It is more an ugly fps with little mechanics of towering. You have limited tower pool, limited money income to build and when you start to defend 3 cores it gets boring to run around and do the job that tower should do instead since it is heavily build to be an fps .I personally think that not having a 3d person view is one of the major flaw of this game."
,Recommended,210770,24068870,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Neo,"This game is great, if you have friends...... *goes back to sadness*"
76561198046994777,Recommended,210770,8840802,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Adeku™~ ^ Mxyzptlk^ ~,Sanctum 2 is fun and challenging games.....Combination FPS  and TD...
,Recommended,210770,11762011,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,♦ Hypnosis ♦ | CrimeWarsRP,"Best game out there. If you're into a game like Defence Grid this is the game for you! Defence Grid is a game exactly like this but you don't just plant down turrets/machines, you actually fight up close and combat the aliens.Main part of the game is to have fun enjoy and meet new people. Aka, Defend the core."
,Recommended,210770,2948625,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Erothan,"Muy entretenido para jugar 4 amigos en Cooperativo. Al principio muy sencillo, pero según avanza la historia se vuelve un reto mayor.  Si alguien se lo pilla que me avise !!!"
,Not Recommended,210770,8904613,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,capitano0000,"For the multi-player aspects of the game, I almost want to  recommend giving the game a shot. I can't do that and feel honest about it, saddly.I loved the first Sanctum. The combination of tower defense and FPS was brilliantly done and made multi-player even more interesting as one could choose to focus on either towers or weapons when spending resources. This made the experience more versatile than other games out there. The mazes one could craft could be complex and powerful all on there own, needing only minimal FPS support to bring down the enemy.In Sanctum 2, that has all gone away.The addition of a seperate resource for tower bases means that some maps, while having the potential for gread mazes, allow no more than a very basic level of defense and no real ability to slow the advance of enemies that are much more dificult to bring down than in the original game.The ability to upgrade weapons has also been removed, meaning that all attention from resources must be given to the too-few towers players are able to build. The weapons start off feeling a bit under-powered against the early waves and regress from there to seeming useless by the later waves.Many of the maps seem poorly made as well. Some do not allow bulding on the path of the enemies at all, while other have such narrow, short paths to the core that bulding more than a half-dozen towers is simply out of the question. Some maps seem like they should be well suited to certain characters (good sniping points for one, narrow turns perfect for shotguns or rockets on others) but the inability to propperly maneuver enemies severly limits the effectiveness of those advantages.Having set weapons for each of the four characters also takes away a lot of the customization options available in the first game. Each character also gets a passive ability to help make the most of their primary weapon. It seems to me that if the makers wanted to create four classes, it would have made things much more itneresting to give them each some kind of active ablities to use. While the passive abilities are nice, they tend to vanish into the background during gameplay.The two things that make the game playable for more than one sitting are the leveling system and the multiplayer. The leveling system makes replying maps a viable option and gives players something to look forward to. Multiplayer increases playability by allowering the player to have a fighting chance on later maps. Saddly, the map designs also make certain characters useless in muliplayer. For instance, if a map has lots of cliffs to fall off, or water (oh-so-deadly water!) to fall into, you can forget using the shotgunner in multiplayer. He will spend most of his time re-spawning after having been blown off the map by a teammate's rocket.I enjoy certain aspects of the game, and it might be worth getting on sale, but for the full price of this one, you can pick up much better games. Dungeon Defenders or Defense Grid come to mind, and I would recommend either."
,Recommended,210770,18241208,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Dalorath,"I have been looking for a tower defence game like this for years... You get to design your layout while in first person mode and while other players are also working on the tower layout.  You can move eachothers towers and fight monsters with differnt weapons and skills you aquire...  up to 4 players can join a match which makes it entertaining to be able to play with with your friends in a match.At the current price of $5 for the complete package, I couldnt resist..."
,Recommended,210770,23996711,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LJMLogan™,The Text To Speech can sometimes be more fun than the game.
,Recommended,210770,10616781,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,elcrusto,this is a good game.
76561198130872726,Recommended,210770,11743769,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Obscene,If you build it they will come.
76561198062569428,Recommended,210770,26127177,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,kingslayer,IS GOOD
,Recommended,210770,26530465,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Feral,Its like Sanctum but the next version
76561198415121769,Recommended,210770,35034133,Posted: 17 September,all,lucky,More friend more funLittle bit harder
76561198045394743,Not Recommended,210770,19302509,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,KyuKyuuKachuu,"If you enjoyed the first sanctum, do not play this game. I don't want to say it's worse, it's just different. Some parts of it are better: graphics got a huge upgrade, the comic portions of it are pretty cool and give it the story the first one never had. New wepons, towers, and enemys are cool. But while changing so much in the game, they just didn't keep the few solid things they had that made the first game a great game. If this game was released under a new title name then I probably would've given it more of a chance. I came into this one wanting more sactum and it just didn't quite hit that mark. But to be brutally honest, there were a handful of points throught the game that just made me go ""god ♥♥♥♥ this game"". Points where the ""different"" of sanctum2 wasn't the problem, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design was (a problem I never had with the first game). These points were few and spaced throught the game but god they really stacked up and got to me where I just couldn't stand to finish this game."
,Recommended,210770,20432826,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SudKreuz,"If you feel tired to play a competitive PvP game just open a beer grab some cigars and play this, it's really really fun just give it a try,Honestly for 15 bucks this game is a blast,"
76561198098126434,Recommended,210770,9792760,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TskordakiS,This is the second review I've done.. the first was just so I got the achievement... but this is is HANDS DOWN THE BEST $1.50 I HAVE EVER SPENT!!!!! Wicked tower defense game/fps ... not even sure what to call it but its awesome. Watch a youtube video and buy it when it's on sale.
,Recommended,210770,30290221,Posted: 2 March,all,Oscopo,"This game is fun with friends, its like magic you pay credits for super towers to fall out of the sky then kill mega aliens"
,Recommended,210770,10052981,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Krillock,Got the game for 1 dollar and it is awsome!best most detailed review 2014.
,Recommended,210770,9805735,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,EndZone.TheRealAsianBlackMan,"This is a pretty cool game and I would recommend it as you have the aspect of stratergy and the aspect of fps bound together, and in my opinon you can't really go wrong with those two aspects."
,Recommended,210770,9845325,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,WSD,Game of the Year23 goldfish out of 9 barber shops
,Recommended,210770,8869762,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,xnelephant,AWESOME
,Recommended,210770,16609498,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Newest Taylor,Where's the goat dlc?!
76561198037749352,Recommended,210770,29424189,Posted: 22 January,all,Captain Ultramangirl,A nice mix of horde-fps and tower defence. Works well on my Linux Mint - Steam Machine.
76561198119306415,Recommended,210770,29288884,Posted: 15 January,all,Extra Thicc,its good but kinda dead
76561198029903797,Recommended,210770,9326421,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,AKsnowkronic,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing rad. every thing about this is balls out kick♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,210770,8307820,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The Øne and Ønly,"If you like puzzles and action, you'll like this. I love this game!You play as four characters, and the objective is to stop Lumes from destroying multiple cores. To do this, you have to make a maze, build towers, then make them destroy EVERYTHIIING! But that's not all, because once you start the wave, you can whip out your own weapons and join the fight! I think it's both an intruiging and amazing combo.I also own all four DLC. They are all very good, and provide extra levels, Lumes, weapons and perks (you also get a new character in Roads to Elysion!) , giving more entertainment. However, ending of the Last Stand is very dissapointing. While it is a survival map, the ending is weak: Skye, Sweet and Haigen become safe while Simo and Tsygan die. My big question: please can Coffee Stain studios make a Sanctum 3? Will it be as good as this one?"
,Recommended,210770,8866388,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Red,Great
,Recommended,210770,9791558,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,DEAD KARL,"Excellent game, few flaws. I really love this game and recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,210770,18315435,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mr Miyagi,"This game is sh*te. The reason I don't like it is because its bad because when a game is bad you don't like it. What do you mean I barely played it, ♥♥♥♥ off!"
76561198037921134,Recommended,210770,11942621,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,IMAKSIKKAR,"Decent shell, combines strategy and FPS fairly well.  could use more asthetic options but other than that, very fun!"
,Recommended,210770,8852931,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Trillion Tr8,lel yus
,Recommended,210770,10635379,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FruitzPunch,"i already loved the first sanctum, but sanctum 2 is so over the top! i would play it all the time, if one of my friends had this game :Pthis gameplay is so unique, and the game has aliens with balls as heads ^^"
76561197984174559,Recommended,210770,11934539,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Teurastaja |HG,This is really awesome game with Friends :)
,Recommended,210770,704641,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,N3tRunn3r,"SANCTUM 2 has arrived.An absolutely must-have for fans of this kind of gameplay.Sanctum 2 is a reliable successor of Sanctum. A lot of additions, a highly potential and improvements in general has been included. Sanctum 2 has its awesome ambient-like soundtracks again. Enjoy them, so the gameplay.New maps with more complex strategies, towers, walls, weapons and enemies are going to meet you after purchasing Sanctum 2. It has got an amazing improvement compared to its predecessor.Get this game within its Season Pass for a few bucks now. Sanctum 2 will replace its predecessor for sure. I didn't think it was THAT great. The developers of Sanctum and Sanctum 2 have reached a next milestone.Appreciated and Highly Recommended!Best RegardsN3"
,Recommended,210770,23326733,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Eaklarb,Please discount 95% I very need this game
,Recommended,210770,13411530,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Muskratateer,this game is pretty awesomewould recommend10\10 would scream as my walls get destroyed by a boss again
,Recommended,210770,8853156,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,blaze,Eh. Gimme this thing.
,Recommended,210770,9194269,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Gigasheep,"Loving this game. With the complexity and physics of a tower defence game, and FPS gameplay added in, this unique game is very fun. It has many challenging levels, and tough enemies. And when you beat them, just crank up the difficulty by giving the enemies perks. This game is even one for the completionists, it is tough but at the same time quite achievable. You can even play online with friends. Loving it!"
76561198108349879,Not Recommended,210770,21351510,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,russkiyslayer,I don't understand what was wrong with Sanctum 1? Some little improvements would have been fine. This is almost a whole other game with less strategy. Sanctum 1 had much better gameplay!
76561198074854939,Recommended,210770,11758415,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,C1nc0man,This is my Death wish THE BEST GAME TO BUY IF ITS ON SALE  for like 2 bucks this is billy mays if you dont have this game GET ON THE BALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,210770,8836484,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Bolt,"It's a really great game where you place towers and sentrys and don't let the enemys reach the core and fight them off, this is a fun co-op game. 6/10"
,Recommended,210770,15961472,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Redux,Great game for a great price. Can't go wrong.
76561198032373589,Recommended,210770,8822229,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Alpha ☑  Beta ☒,awesome game. first sanctum is just as good also
76561198091750737,Recommended,210770,26291694,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Oscar,Sanctum 2 isnt working 4 me. i get into the game and then it says there is a problem and has stoped working and then closes on me WTF
76561198150237189,Recommended,210770,33134538,Posted: 2 July,all,The Amazing Potato,i think it is the best tower defence game and its definitely worth for its price
,Recommended,210770,19390920,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ravimaestroGameTame.com,really like the game. i dont have negative opinions against this game. the rules are easy to understand and you will get really fast addicted. after all it's still an tower defense game
,Recommended,210770,18240619,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Galu,I cannot recommend this game enough. The number of perks and towers is absolutely excellent and there really is no 'Holy Grail' build that will beat every map without fuss. Each map calls for different playstyles and so the variety is there.My only qualm is that if you opt for the hellish experience that is 5 feats of strength solo then get used to hating this game for 2 hours then absolutely loving it for 10 minutes and thus repeating the process.
,Recommended,210770,26088142,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Meister Ducky,10/10IGN
,Not Recommended,210770,13192692,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198319025205,Recommended,210770,32661260,Posted: 22 June,all,FoxByte_Xx,"Good game, but I hate the fact that it's pay to play. At least the DLC's have had their prices lowered. Other than that it's the best 3d tower defence I can think of."
76561198186276809,Recommended,210770,32904200,Posted: 27 June,all,Friendly Neighborhood Spoderman,Heyyyyy. This is pretty good.
,Recommended,210770,32915764,Posted: 27 June,all,InXaizn,Fun FPS Tower Defense that combines shooting and strategy!
,Recommended,210770,8855111,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,i am catbug,fun game 8/10 .especially if ur into tower defence and fps shooters.
,Recommended,210770,7787305,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,GaracktheMad,"A very fun Tower Defense game mixed with FPS. Can be a bit difficult at times, but the co-op function works for all modes. Personally, I would suggest getting this game to play with friends, as solo it can get a bit repetitive (And very difficult) after a while. However, the difficulty doesn't seem to detract from the game. I would like to point out, you end up using the towers for mainly making mazes. The turrets will not be the #1 defense, for the most part you need to actively get in and attack using your characters, so if you are looking for a Tower Defense where you sit back and watch the towers do the work, it will probably not be for you."
76561198151530615,Not Recommended,210770,21972836,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tofoo,"This game is a great mix between a FPS and a Tower Defense.  Good graphics, the sound effects are addictive ( love hearing the rattle of my gun) and the hero's are all different, well thought out and give each map a good replay.So why the thumbs down?  Toxic community.  It's supposed to be a Cooperative game.  The default settings are public.  I've never had a problem hosting others.  The problem comes when joining someone else's server.   Your IP can be banned from a server the first second of a game (and I'm surprised how often this happens).With a decent matchmaking UI this game could be a real winner."
,Recommended,210770,23903793,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Hentai > Sleep,The best co-op game since ever. SiMo 4 life.
,Recommended,210770,33067929,Posted: 30 June,all,μ-4,really ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198255782115,Recommended,210770,33052464,Posted: 30 June,all,remylebeau,"Well worth the price, and lots of fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,210770,32209193,Posted: 5 June,all,aPimpNamedSlickBack,Fun as ♥♥♥♥ if your teammates know what they're doing~
,Recommended,210770,32155951,Posted: 3 June,all,LaplacE,I like how they combined fps and tower defense gameplay
,Recommended,210770,32183101,Posted: 4 June,all,dingerdongerアニメが悪い,make sanctum 3
76561197975513168,Recommended,210770,23913148,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,hikimenwaza,"THIS GAME IS BEAUTIFUL AND SO COOL AND THE DESIGN IS AWESOME BUT THEN THEY TAKE SOMETHING REALLY BEAUTIFUL AND REALLY AWESOME AND THEN THEY JUST ADD UTTER♥♥♥♥♥♥TO IT LIKE THE MAIN BOSSES ARE 'HEAVY' A WALKING CENTIPEDE AND ITS WEAKSPOT IS A GLOWING RED DOT ON ITS BUTT HOLE, LITERALLY. AND THEN BUT ALSO THERE ARE 'BOBBLEHEADS' WHICH ARE GIANT BUTT HEADS, LITERALLY. AND JUST IT IS SO UPSETTING THE GAME IS SO GOOD AND THEN BUT THE DEVELOPERS WERE JUST REALLY IMMATURE. ALL IN ALL STILL A GOOD GAME THOUGH, I WOULD MOD AWAY ALL THE NPCS."
,Recommended,210770,9856184,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,BlueCactus,"I now have to say, this is one of the best 1st person shooters i have ever played. It combines a tower defense creation and a first person defense to make a great game. The graphics are totally up to my standard and remind me of the game coming out called Destiny.(check it out in this linkwww.destinythegame.com)Its totally fun and addictive."
,Recommended,210770,19224757,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,fire_demon4,its a great game with its nice graphics physics and first person shooter but once you get deep into the game it gets boring due to no fresh maps or content and very few updates
76561198135686592,Recommended,210770,19230309,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,turdmanben,i played it and it is so goodbut what would you recemend isaac rebirth this or interstela mariens?
,Recommended,210770,18399819,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,GozerGozerian,"Makes Tower Defense actually worth playing.Get down there in the trenches and repel the hordes, instead of just directing from above.Keeps it interesting with new unlockable weapons towers and perks and leveling, exp bonuses for extra hard modes."
76561198010745965,Recommended,210770,10035356,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Garduuk,AMAZING
,Recommended,210770,9777653,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,✪TheToxicEnergy,"Very Nice Game,I Played It On New Year And I Think im gonna download it again :)"
76561198085631149,Recommended,210770,14963623,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,LanOlesa,Best..game..ever!Still the best genre mash up ever made.
76561198054854413,Recommended,210770,13426647,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Spacetalon 宇宙爪,"This is a very fun game. It gets really cheap when it's on sale. It's very fun and isn't punishing.I rate this game: 10/10There is so much I can tell you about but, I don't want to spoil you.Just buy the game!What are you waiting for?Just do it!!!"
76561198101779788,Recommended,210770,13158657,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Meow Meow,"Alot of people told me that Sanctum 2 was a wast of money and that i made a bad choice buying this game. I told them to eat my♥♥♥♥♥♥ I still played it and have not seen the sun in a week.but some bad things are-no one uses mic,unless there raging,-the text to speach is sooo annoying THANK GOD YOU CAN TURN IT OFF-sometimes people will destroy your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198105428433,Recommended,210770,11753574,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Ricky.R,its really fun to play with ~ even in single player mode ~new type of game system ~first person shooting + tower defense ?!big gigantic monster !Awesome 10/10
76561198086492516,Recommended,210770,8856121,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[TCAF]Dildo Swaggins,"Very awesome game I was never really into TD games but now I may have to reconsider I mean this game is like well,okay I can't make a comparison but all I can say is that wIthout a doubt this is an A-FRICKEN-MAZING game"
,Recommended,210770,8865517,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Woods,dis is hell good for people that like tower defence!
,Recommended,210770,8835978,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,RogueVandal,A near perfect blend of Tower defense and FPS shooter hoard mode. A fantastic game 2 thumbs up 10/10
,Recommended,210770,8838731,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,T_L,BUY IT MUDAFAKA
,Recommended,210770,18286876,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Alienware,"Tower defence and fps nicely put together, 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,18287206,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,The Commander,"It's like a better, more amazing ballon tower defence. I love how the developer mixed a first person shooter with BTD. 8/10"
76561198003428073,Recommended,210770,7681168,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Shybun,"Like the first title? Then you will LOVE this sequel, it adds story and progression to the game, aswell as 4+1 playable characters with unique traits. Alot more towers and monsters, more content being added all the time. Good graphics and lovely controls, lots of hidden secrets on each map to add some for the completionist players."
,Recommended,210770,31426945,Posted: 28 April,all,Spaghetti Dad,sanctum v gud g ame u shooul dbuy itpros -gud gam econs -ur mum
,Recommended,210770,14989946,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,TheGamingDinosaur,GREAT GAME
76561198072764116,Recommended,210770,10137908,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Draco Safarius,"Blending both FPS and Tower Defense, Sanctum 2 creates quite the fun adventure."
76561198091760738,Recommended,210770,10144634,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Xtra_Bac0n,This is a must play if you like killing aliens!
,Recommended,210770,12042329,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,F0X,"This game is surprisingly fun. I played several hours of the original Sanctum. It was neat but not really addicting. This one definitely makes some fun and cool improvements. More variety with characters and guns. More towers, more maps. Better graphics and it feels much more action packed. I've had a lot of fun with it so far. I wouldn't expect to get more than about 15-20 hours personally, I got it on sale and definitely feel like I got my money's worth.10/10 much better than Sanctum 1, would buy on sale again."
76561197991962805,Recommended,210770,15794759,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
,Recommended,210770,26214329,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,DrewBonty,Pretty gÜd
,Recommended,210770,13578445,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cerberus_Grave,Its a game that I like
76561198067600253,Recommended,210770,8826704,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Cooolio Jims,"Amazing for Co-op. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing addictive. It's like TF2 but everyone is engineer and soldier/demoman/sniper at the same time. The massive perks, different guns, maps, aliens, plus it doesn't require grainding at all. You play online and you will have tons of fun and level up quick as hell. Even as high level, you can still level up fast and easy, get new guns, new perks from higher level maps. DLC recommanded."
,Recommended,210770,13579212,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Incognit05,FPS TD... it's gr8
,Recommended,210770,23501928,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,AlfieH,"Best tower defence ive played, +dlc is very good and worth the cost"
,Recommended,210770,4704540,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,02.10.17 -> 02.1.18,"Really fun, it's the next tf2!"
76561198126543135,Recommended,210770,16191006,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tabby 3456,"Story---------------------------------------------------------like any sci fi game you are protection someone/somethingwith not alot of cores you would need to defend it againts ...""Brutes""there name is confusing but its got a bit of halo 1 story its not an impact and theres only a couple of obvious plot twistsso SPOIL ALERT....its a basic storyGameplay---------------------------------------------------------------------------I have Lots of fun with this. seting up youre own base,Defence systems,and Multiplayer it limmits up 2 4 but its fun with friends since they will cooperate with you and with other of youre friends. Theres 4 classes1. The classical assult2. Grenaider/Demo3.Sniper (MY popular choice)4. The Heavy (lots of health)Graphics---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------if you have a good computer/opionsthen you got a game with good graphics, not necasarly good has HALO's but its better than left 4 dead 2 graphicshowever if you have a slow computer you could LLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGBonus-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now heres what i would normally useif eye sight is a good thing and you have a steady mouse then play as marksmanif you are a casual gamer and a leader then assult will fit youre billif you like Being a BOSS and showing the strenght in you be the MAN!if youre a Pread damage, Explisive happy, Player then gernader is gud 4 uConclusion-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Its good 4 Casual players, Begginers players/Noobs,or a tryhard this game is reccomended 4 u (espeecally 4 the ones with the brainsso it gets my assassin rating of !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                 10/10"
,Recommended,210770,11870258,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,OhioMan,Pretty good game
,Recommended,210770,7891577,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SWPhantom,gud!!!
76561198038973668,Recommended,210770,17304222,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,The Hatless Ranger,its gud
76561198204066377,Recommended,210770,17259137,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Pander Nanako,its good
,Recommended,210770,17314987,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,//Sly Marbo\\,"My X-gf asked me to buy this game, and we played together for quite some time. it's a good memory, we had a lot of fun and argument and of course, she will always be the one who setup all the towers..because, you know. woman :P highly recommended  for a gaming couple. and of course others too."
76561198075085358,Recommended,210770,17310536,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Lemp,Game good. Game good. Very good.
76561198041908606,Recommended,210770,17363299,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Lasombra,Very decent game especially if you play it with friends.
,Recommended,210770,29202924,Posted: 12 January,all,Colton - KoC,awesome
,Recommended,210770,10036747,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Zelus,"Sanctum 2 is a fantastic combination of first person shooter and tower defense games.Theleveling systemallows you to grow stronger and gain powerful towers, to fight against the monsters with special abilities. There's no need for upgrading weapons because theyalways do absolute damage. Feel free to combine different perks together and gain special abilities. As you progress,every item will be unlockedand changeable. If you are solo player, I recommend this game for you. If you like to play with friends, this is a must-have game for you!"
,Recommended,210770,13421050,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Red Sweater,played 2 hours of this and then i shot myself 9/11-ign
76561198085210814,Recommended,210770,28760080,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Egg,fps tower defense pretty cool dude
,Recommended,210770,8892408,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MichiRawr,Really fun :]
,Recommended,210770,9831650,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Rin,I can shoot things in the face at point-blank range with my sniper 11/10
76561198213005237,Recommended,210770,21598620,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,d4rk7yp3,"Best tower defence game I've played. Mixes Tower Defence with FPS gameplay in a unique and fun way. tonnes of progression. lots of guns, towers, perks, etc."
,Recommended,210770,29300698,Posted: 16 January,all,Magnificent Haunting,"AeiouIf you need a game to bring you that same text-to-speech sensation that moonbase alpha did.This is your gameThe game itself is good too though.P.S: If you need help with some maps, toss me a notification"
76561198130661129,Recommended,210770,19757352,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,No_Zoup,It's fun.
76561198002596158,Recommended,210770,27550827,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Affenmomo,Good idea to mix Towerdefense with FPS. The Gameplay is smooth and makes fun even if you are more than 2 Players. There are still some glitches in the Game but nothing big. I like the little Easter Eggs which they included in the game. I would recommend it! :)
,Recommended,210770,9111216,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Slave For Hire,i LOVE this game i wish i could get it for free D: i love it because i got the free thingy for a certain amount of time and then lost it! Can I Please!!! Have It For FREEEEE I WOULD WUV YOU~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,210770,28859309,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Myoule,text to speech11/10
76561198171859737,Recommended,210770,33642837,Posted: 18 July,all,Rake,"I don't know why the first time around a year or so ago on sale, i picked it up and just didnt dig it. I didnt get it, seemed too difficult for what it was, i dont know, cant put my finger on it but i returned it to steam for a refund.  The summer sale, again, had it at a great price and decided after watching and reading it again i figured, lets try this again. SO glad i did!  Not only is it just a break from all the other same old same old with a different wrapper i play it is very challanging and very fun.  Even better on sale of course!"
,Not Recommended,210770,17401155,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sondi,"Do NOT play this game!I bought a 4 pack for me and my friends to play this game and have fun. We came with the very low expectations, but were blown away by how poor this game is.-They do not support my native resolution making it 480p on my monitor.-The Menus and screens other than gameplay look like an early Xbox 360 Arcade game.-The difficulty spikes like a heartbeat meter by the 3rd or 4th mission.-This game wants you to replay it a lot (which is hard to do if you don't get a good first impression) in order to enjoy it.-Story is blandThough through the negatives I did enjoy SOME of the game.-Combat is fun and interesting-Characters are diverse and synergize wonderfully-Having a Stratergy rewards you with easier gameplay, which can get really hectic if you plan and build unproperly.In short, Wait until the next big sale and buy this game dirt cheap, don't buy a 4 pack unless your friends like torture. The game could be fun if you have the paitence, i didn't."
,Recommended,210770,11994909,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,frazeric,Great pick up and play game.great concept. tower defence fps
76561198065433586,Not Recommended,210770,31254181,Posted: 20 April,all,TheRealNorr,"This game is...average, its ok in my opinion but this game kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and ill explain.[Disclaimer: i did not buy or have played any of the DLC´s, and i wont, because you shouldnt have to PAY MORE for a game to be ""better"" than average, and you DEFINETLEY shouldnt have to pay for an actual ending and final boss fight]First of all, its a First person tower defence that mixes tower defence building games and first person shooter games, This is truly unique and the reason why i bought the game, it has 4 characters you can choose from (correct me if im wrong, ofc not including any DLC characters) and some weapons and perks to choose from, and a set of towers that you will use for the level, then, you will defend a ""core"" by strategicley placing towers and shooting enemies in the face, you do this for Every level, but this does not make it repeditive in the beginning since the level designs are really good and intresting.you can play with other players as well,for each level you complete you will earn XP to level up your profile, this unlocks new towers, perks and guns. you can then add challenges to your level that makes it more difficult and will reward you more xp, however, after playing about halfway trough the campaign, you will unlock all the towers and most perks and guns, which makes taking these ""challenges"" pointless, since xp is your only reward.also theres NO customization, you cannot customize your character or your guns, what the hell? such a basic thing not in the game? not even diffrent paintjobs?...However, the campaign is 12 Hours long which is really good, but the last 3 hours is really repeditive until the Last mission ""which i will talk later about""another complaint is that theres way too few enemy types, and you cant defend this, the enemies are quite unique and cool looking, and are really good itself, but like after 8 hours into the campaign theres nothing new, there are only 3 bosses... that you fight over and over again, and like 7 or 8 emeny types, which is fine, but you know they could have done a way better job.however the bigges problem i have is the last level:[spoilers!!! ""not really though""]The final level has you build a HUGE defence again a huge amount of enemies and bosses, and as you progress trough the level you see this BIG badass scary looking ""final boss"" monster slowley approaching your place, as well as making some scary noises, which gets you pumped and prepared for this epic boss battle! but... YOU DONT EVEN FIGHT IT, instead. it just ends... plays credits while you see this final boss approaching a city... THATS IT! thats the ending, NOT EVEN A FINAL BOSS BATTLE! WHAT IN OBLIVION!!!and f**k you if your one of those who say ""but you have to buy the DLC to get a final boss battle"", you should get a FINAL BOSS BATTLE IN THE BASE GAME, i shouldnt have to pay MORE for an ""ending"".In my opinion, buy this game ONLY IF its on sale, its definetley not worth 15€, and i recommend you only buying this game if you have atleast 1 friend to play with since playing this solo ""can"" be very boring. also, if you were looking for a stratergy game that is difficult and challengeing, look elsewere, because this game  is VERY VERY easy, gets a ""tiny"" bit more difficult with all the ""challenges"" and stuff but thats not saying much. and this is with me playing solo, if i played with other players this is like watching paint dry.Final rating: 6/10 ""Above Average Game""edit: just because this game is not very difficult doesnt mean its alot of fun, it IS fun...most of the time"
,Recommended,210770,11056231,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,No One Ever,"Fun TD with the FPS element. Best played with a group of friends you can skrew with while drunk. Bosses will maul your turret line so build expensive stuff on the sides and get a big mess of crap buildings in the center/or out of it's path and you will most likely succeed. Look around some maps for hidden free items, and don't jump off any cliffs! (but shoot your friends off them, the chick with the rocket launcher is the best.). I found the best gun to be the rocket launcher for clusters paired with the heavy hitting single target cannons, you can OVERCHARGE turrets, so if it is fully leveled pump more points into these suckers it can really pay off with alien fisting action!"
76561197994280250,Not Recommended,210770,17014998,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,dokterschlonz,"i did not like this, since its really hard and stressful in singleplayer, and its too much focus on your own firepower, instead of powerful turrets. seems like this was designed as 4 player coop. also the enemy design is weird in a not so cool way and makes me uncomfortable."
,Recommended,210770,9023556,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Soixante,Fun....I guess
,Recommended,210770,14497676,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Edlox,AEIOU.
76561198126719162,Recommended,210770,14496826,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Lalachan,Siri is in this game. 10/10
,Recommended,210770,11766410,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Crystal,"When you mix sanctum 1 with no lag and campain, this is what you get.10/10"
76561198106418134,Recommended,210770,20170728,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,pj64,omg i love it becuse it is a shoter
01010010011101010,Recommended,210770,13184537,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SebastianN#adia,in order to kill the tankiest enemy in the game you have to shoot up its butt
,Recommended,210770,13422924,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Its a very nice, tower defence game, but with a first-person perspective.  You do need at least two competent people, as trying to complete levels on your own is hard.Graphics are nice.  Music is limited, but not really needed. Weapons are fine."
76561197996457533,Recommended,210770,12642564,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Moonbat,"I did not like the original very much.  It was sterile and dull, and just felt like a less awesome version of Orcs Must Die! 2.Sanctum 2 is fantastic.  I don't know what it is.  And what?!  Three girls and one guy?  That ratio is rare as ♥♥♥♥!  And I like all the characters, especially Tsygan, the DLC character.  She is such a creepy, androgynous weird.  Like me!I don't know, I mean, the game seems really basic on the surface.  But it just gets brutal later, and immensely satisfying.  Customizing your character is neat.  Endless mode is just cruel, but great.I like the silly little comic book storyline.  And I like the limited, but spirited voiceover work.  This game is a steal at the current price.  It really just has the feeling of an indie title that went all the way and wisely used its resources to make its own version of a higher-level experience.  It comes off as a bit rough around the edges, but this is one of those rare cases where that actually adds to the charm.The whole campaign experience is just like some adorable sci-fi fan-fiction graphic novel.  Is it particularly inspired?  Not really.  Is it surprisingly engaging, just by virtue of its own earnestness?  I'd say so.  The game really puts itself out there and has a lot of self-esteem.  It has that sort of childish wonder approach to sci-fi I remember from Final Fantasy and other JRPGs.Worth checking it out.  Great fun with friends, or even alone."
,Recommended,210770,29574169,Posted: 29 January,all,Phantom Lord,"Really nice and challenging TD game. You play along and fight against enemies along with your towers, while you also build mazes to extend the monsters path. There are quite a lot of towers and in the basic game you can pick one of 4 characters to play with. With the season pass you get more characters and towers, but thats another story. The game lights up on multiplayer mode, since its supports 4-players. Its a shame that fewer and fewer players go looking for online action anymore. All in all this game is a must for those who love the TD genre, but at 15euros I think its better to grab it while on sale."
76561198165463004,Recommended,210770,30872986,Posted: 1 April,all,THIS IS THE END,Cool game
76561198075051039,Recommended,210770,26528347,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,wadesheeley148,this is great
,Recommended,210770,9154103,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,A Flying Kite LOL,TD + FPS  = What you need
76561197975291280,Recommended,210770,31835462,Posted: 18 May,all,ColMustard,Tower defense plus FPS. Strategy plus shooting aliens.
,Recommended,210770,28841741,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Motocrosscamden,Ill finish this review when im done reloading...
,Recommended,210770,32826589,Posted: 26 June,all,JADERNIJ|ALKASHI,ok this game  its actualy wery funy a good base  hope devs will continue great work how ever highly recomed make friends in this game first then play with them ye ye there is basic train but i sireously didnt even know tower can be deleted or upraded :) you amy wanna get to key bindings controls seems totaly akward :)but in totaly its prety good game i wuld recomend to try it :)
76561198028518103,Recommended,210770,24822558,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ryyuqu the Owl,FPS + Tower Defence = Fun
,Recommended,210770,14584310,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,WizChip,Very impressive game... Tower Defense plus a first person shooter.  All-in-one.  Nicely done and very smooth.
,Recommended,210770,11747359,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,jimmyplz,"9/10 jumped off map, died and respawned."
,Recommended,210770,18337022,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sleepwalker,This is a great game! really fun!
,Recommended,210770,9003997,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,Get it cheap. A fun tower defense game where you get to charge into the carnage! Great idea.
,Recommended,210770,9820486,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,not ellen page,"This is a lot of fun. I don't know why it is, but it is."
,Recommended,210770,18329071,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Escain,"PLUS:- Quite good game- Correct price- Compatible with LinuxI did not played a lot at the moment, but I could realise that: multiplayer is funny, the game work correctly with quite good graphics, the gameplay is well developed and has a lot of tunning to make it a bit different.My only concern at this moment is if it will not become repetitive.A story-line mode would be a plus."
,Recommended,210770,14519120,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"A fun little tower defense game intended for co-op play with friends marred only by the lack of an option where you can tell random players to ♥♥♥♥ off and die in a fire when they try to jump into your game.Not really much else to say honestly. Its got four playable characters with different playstyles, a tower defense feature where you build yourself a maze and set up your turrets while jumping in to sort out xenomorphs when they get too close, and the monster design is interesting to look at.Again, real problem comes from the fact that anyone can hop into your game even if you'd rather just play solo. Why isn't there an option to just have friends in the game with you, or just play offline?Still, it's got enough good that I can recommend it. Just be ready to hit the kick/ban button more than a few times."
,Recommended,210770,18297251,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SirMurksALot,Sanctum 2 = Crack
76561198020144608,Recommended,210770,11819237,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,210770,24049553,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ุ,"Decent shooter version of tower defense, although has no understandable story."
,Recommended,210770,24013685,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ginger Joe!,much wow!½
,Recommended,210770,18403255,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Pugu,text to speech?123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123123
,Recommended,210770,1683077,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,ArtikChill,Fun little tower defense FPS game that is made even better with co-op.
,Recommended,210770,8341174,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,RChicken,"Played the first Sanctum, and about 2 hours in i'm enjoying the second version. It's like the first but better!"
,Not Recommended,210770,19433078,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bullet,"READ THE LAST PARAGRAPH BEFORE FREAKING OUT.I played the first Sanctum pretty throughly, if I recall correctly, and it actually feels like the second game is a step down. Sure, there's unlockable perks and custom characters/weapon loadouts/perks, but the game feels incredibly rough compared to the controls and friction/feel of other FPS and TPS games.It seems to be a good game thus far, but aimations are sharp and clunky, many art assets feel out of place compared to others nearby, the game seems to be poorly optimized, the UI is not great and it's not easy to see what you're doing in an MP lobby, and there's a huge disconnect between the neat 2D art style and the mundane look of the 3D models and world.All that said, I can't recommend this game for everyone, and Steam has a horrible binary review system. I'm rating it a thumbs down because the game is currently very hghly rated, and I feel like these criticisms would severely impact someone who isn't specifically looking for a TD/FPS game. If that's what you want, and you can wade through what seems to be an unpolished execution, go for it."
76561198043744231,Not Recommended,210770,24336654,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Yuki [DPS],"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it, dont waste your money for this♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game !"
,Not Recommended,210770,9942964,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,HXD,Bobbleheads are a game killer
,Not Recommended,210770,22789824,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ManuTOO,"I'm a big fan of both Tower Defense Games and FPS.Sanctum 2 = a very basic tower game + a subpar FPS = a game I can't play anymore after only 4 hours in it, while usually I always finish the games I start to play.Maybe it's super fun when playing with 3 friends, but in solo, it's a no-go.In a near genre, Orcs Must Die 1 & 2 are vastly superior games in all fields : controls, strategy, visual, story, atmosphere, polishing.Pros:- Can be played in coop at 4 players (but I didn't try it)Cons:- FPS controls are a shame compared to all good FPS games of the past 20 years- No saving during a map- Big Boss comes at end and destroy all ; no way to be prepared for that the 1st couple of times + no save = restart from the beginning- Gameplay designed for grinding (you get XP even when you lose, thus you get additional powers even if you don't pass the current level)- Tower Defense part couldn't be anymore basic and uninteresting (could be ok for you if you actually never played a Tower Defense game before)- We spend more time reloading our guns than actually firing at enemies- Pressing 'Esc' key doesn't pause the game, even in solo- Tower descriptions are shown only on the start screen, so good luck remembering which one does what during the game... >_<"
76561198046492081,Recommended,210770,25517115,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dark Mushroom,great game! Tripping soundtracks
76561198064586532,Not Recommended,210770,12274180,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Blkik,Trully I don't know why i bought this game.I was looking for a good tower defence game and I see an FPS with some elements of tower defence.Its a pitty.
,Not Recommended,210770,24732609,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Insomnant,There's a special place in hell for tower defense games that heavily feature wall mechanics- and then include enemies who can casually burst through your walls and stroll right to the end.
,Not Recommended,210770,8907100,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,blutig,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥Do yourself a favor and buy Sanctum 1.
,Recommended,210770,7909827,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Rabbidscool,"The Tower Defense Mechanics feel hard if you play alone. But it worth a money. All you need is a good Teammate with a good plan. All i can say is ""A man with a Plan!""i gave this 8.2/10"
,Not Recommended,210770,35278697,Posted: 28 September,all,delok,"Massive balance issues spoil this game.On itself Sanctum would be great: Tower defense plus first person shooter, and there is even some sort of plot, if really cheesy.However the amount of money given at the beginning of each mission is uncorrelated to the amount that is actually needed to complete it. Sometimes way too much money is given, other missions will leave you with just 2 towers because thats all you can afford. There is also no recompensation for playing alone, the money received is the same, meaning that some maps are only beatable with 4 players. Good luck finding them, most servers are empty.The characters weapons are all horribly underpowered, and the characters themselves are very squishy and fragile, yet the towers too are too weak to deal with most enemies, forcing an uncomfortable compromise of pulling in and out of action quickly.No money is given during the waves for kills, which makes it hard to deal with bosses that destroy towers.Speaking of bosses: Most will be armored head to toe, making them flat out invulnerable to any tower attacks, except lucky shots. A challenge is of course welcome but rendering all your towers useless is a bit too much.Considering that all those issues (and many more) have remained unfixed for now 4 years, this speaks ill of the developers skill or commitment to their product."
,Recommended,210770,18692702,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ganjasaiyajin,"Great mixture of tower defense game with ego shooter! Very addictive game! Absolutely worth its price on sale, but I really thinking about buying some DLC's at full price ^^"
,Not Recommended,210770,13408674,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,calexil,"Terrible performance on linux with r9 270 and latest fglrx OMEGA 14.12, menu broken, extreme stuttering. Consider this abandonware."
,Recommended,210770,7764043,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,KingXRay,"Towers here, towers there and with first person shooter!!!"
,Not Recommended,210770,17510873,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Space Monkey,Best Game NA
,Recommended,210770,7878658,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Blueberry,Pretty good. It was on sale for £4 so i got it. Not sure if I would pay full price for it though.
,Recommended,210770,32871572,Posted: 27 June,all,(S4!) ForestTea,Good game i like it.
,Recommended,210770,9671904,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,pappad,"Good team game, however I'd very much like GNU/Linux support."
,Recommended,210770,8675856,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Debus,"This is a really good game. I like it more than the first one. The campaign mode is very good to play with friends, the weapons and towers have a lot of variety and tactics to them."
76561198293270493,Recommended,210770,28811215,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,p1xel_sky,I like this game its like using your mind to think a strategy
,Not Recommended,210770,11747327,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,demonteeth,"I feel pretty mediocre about this idea. It seems good , as a concept. I'm nopt so sure it works though. A FPS tower-defense concept seems like a cool mix. It's just not that interesting when you actually try to get into it. No story. No fun. It seems like a real waste considering that the graphics look good, the idea is cool, and it's inexpensive.I guess the last thing makes it not a total loss. It IS cheap."
76561198006890306,Not Recommended,210770,11711495,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Happy Sumo,"I was really excited to play this game, but I literally got nausea within 5 minutes. The way the camera bobs up and down makes it feel like your character is running on water, and trying to set towers down while in that viewpoint was impossible for me."
76561198121892984,Not Recommended,210770,22983746,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,NaughtyAlpaca,Downgrade from the first.
,Not Recommended,210770,7809567,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Rabcor,"If you're a fan of the original Sanctum you probably are not going to like this one.While the first sanctum was a rather seamless mixture between Tower Defense and FPS, focusing more on the Tower Defense aspect, this game quite the opposite focuses on the FPS aspect and extremely little on the Tower Defense aspect.To be perfectly honest i found this game very boring, about as boring as any other modern FPS game, the Towers could just as well not be there because they feel so weak.This game is not for everyone, and especially not for people who liked the original. Make sure you really really want this before buying it."
,Recommended,210770,7812412,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Pz Ez,"Great game, very addictive and now worth 3 dollars."
,Recommended,210770,34569712,Posted: 28 August,all,Tenshi,I like it.
,Recommended,210770,15818769,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"It is much more polished and better all around imo than the first game. I find this game much easier to play and understand than the first, however it is still very challenging. What I really like most about this game is that you don't have to make the decision on which to upgrade, your guns or towers. Juggling between those two in the first game was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Here, your guns automatically power up after each wave so you can just focus on tower upgrading, making it much less stressful. It is the type of game where it is best enjoyed playing online, much like Killing Floor or Payday 2. Playing solo is alright but there is no reason to not leave the game open to public and let people play with you to make the game easier. Well not exactly easier because the more players the harder it is. But with practice, you can get it down. Just always build your walls in a way that makes the enemy have to walk in a maze pattern to take them as long as possible to get to your cores and build the right turrets and upgrade them.The only downside is that you can get some stupid f--k who doesn't speak english and just sits on 12 tower bases and 800 upgrade points and barely does anything, forcing you to kick him before everyone gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and leaves. Every game you play online is at some point going to have a complete idiot, and this game has no shortage of them.The graphics are the high point of the game, some of the best looking enemy and level designs I've ever seen, and the game is optimized well so it should run smooth for most everyone. The enemies are very cool and everything looks awesome. It has great sounds and music too. It runs perfectly smooth at 60fps and never drops below that for me on max settings. Great mix of fps and TD, lots of fun, very challenging. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,210770,8850379,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,AiRoSLoTH,Great concept however there is not enough support in the way of updates. I've been suffering one issue after another and updates don't ever seem to solve my problems. Pc specs are not to blame as my system is always up to date with the latest hardware and drivers. Shame. It's really fun to play when it works. Purchase at own risk.
76561198018663849,Not Recommended,210770,9876938,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Krakenoid,"The actual tower defensive aspects of this sequel are depressingly limitied. I remember in Sanctum 1 I could set up what seemed like an entire artillery battery, which would send me into harrowing WWI flashbacks if I wandered into them! Maybe it would be better with friends. Maybe my life in general would be better with friends. Either way, it feels like an odd, half-step backwards when compared to its predecessor. Worst of all many towers and even some of the character choices seem just plain worse than others.tl;dr I cry myself to sleep every night. Play Sanctum 1, and then maybe get a bit tipsy with some friends and play this game. Never play the robit, despite the fact that he looks cool. The sniper rifle isn't great."
,Not Recommended,210770,13823745,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Pfhreak,"Let's be clear, this is a FPS with some TD elements. You can place towers, but your selection and tower count is very, very tightly limited. You can build mazes, but monsters can destroy them.Maybe it wasn't designed to be played with 1 or 2 players, but it's a big step downwards for me from it's predecessor."
,Recommended,210770,19518812,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SausageQueen,its like plants vs zombies w/ aliens ok
76561197992246194,Not Recommended,210770,20254225,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,panther3007,"It's more shooter than tower defense. Run and Gun is ALWAYS required, the towers won't do the job alone. Play sactum 1 instead if you want your towers and maze design to be doing the work."
,Recommended,210770,8861150,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,videogamedusky,TERRIBLE!
,Recommended,210770,28382117,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Astor,This game is actually really fun.
,Recommended,210770,8826245,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,(鮫) Derpy Sh4rk,Worth it if you enjoy Tower Defence games!!
,Not Recommended,210770,28818941,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pier,"If you are looking for something similar to Orcs Must Die, this is not it."
,Recommended,210770,6308150,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Raspen0,Great Co-Op Game8/10
,Recommended,210770,11766317,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,OwlEyes,8.5/10 veary intereting but i dont think it deservers a 9 or a 10. i can play this game foreverasdfghjkl;'k
76561198149052038,Not Recommended,210770,12071022,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,gamr1291,its an okay game at best. its a tower defense game. not much to be said. you set down traps and weapos and wipe out mobs. is it fun? sure. but its fun to be had in small chunks or if u have some time to kill. the only reason i got it cause it was free during the beta test. but even then i still want my money back. so i am rating it a 5/10 and giving it a thumbs down. theres people that will recommend it. but i cant due to the fact that these types of games are not for me.
,Recommended,210770,32346314,Posted: 11 June,all,Ninjassassin911,Great Part 2 to a great idea! First person tower defense! Must buy!
,Not Recommended,210770,21432318,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ANTN,HYINYA
,Recommended,210770,13684109,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hu$tl3r,Great mixture between TowerDefense and FPS. AWESOME !
76561198041435890,Recommended,210770,7860670,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,warlord735,craig is a homosexual !!!!!!! ps. love you
,Recommended,210770,21683814,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,BaronBrixius,"Sanctum 2 is one of the most fun tower defense games I've played, only tied by the original Sanctum. It has a good blend of skill and strategy, perfect for anyone who loves the tower defense genre and wouldn't mind getting into the action themselves with guns blazing."
,Recommended,210770,10117376,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,☣ Nosaj Thing ツ,A Superb side scroller game. Worth the game time. Everyone should try this game
76561198366213610,Recommended,210770,32140342,Posted: 2 June,all,Bafy,"Great game, plez add more advanced graphics options"
,Recommended,210770,7994315,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,ted,Best tower defense I've ever played + the art style is amazing!
,Recommended,210770,13981713,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Nyaruko-Senpai™,"May look alot different from your usual Tower Defense games. But close and down to the ground, it's a whole new experience. Best to play it if you're into the close up marks!"
,Not Recommended,210770,14336841,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Stico,"Fun for a short time, gets boring fast."
,Recommended,210770,32828788,Posted: 26 June,all,брат Панаётис ☭,AMAZING !IF YOU HATE THIS GAME : YOU HAVE REAL BRAIN PROBLEMSIF YOU BOUGHT IT : SOME PEOPLE CANT BUY IT SO ENJOY IT !IF YOU LIKE IT : I LOVE YOUIF GOT DLC : YOU ARE AWESOMEIF YOU DONT GOT DLC : WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR ???IF YOU PLAY WITH FRIENDS : NICE !IF YOU DONT : ADD SOMEONE AND START BURNING YOUR PC-LAPTOP BY PLAYING THIS GAME NON-STOP^-^ I LIKE THIS GAME SO MUCH !
76561198086496514,Recommended,210770,12958715,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Squibby,"I like this game alot,Espiesially the  voices that come out when you talk in the chat box .3.Banananaannana"
,Recommended,210770,32923474,Posted: 28 June,all,Fightclub,awesome game
,Recommended,210770,19055651,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Gurkan Skywalker,Very good and well made game but none of my frieands has it so I'm just solo :C
76561198092542838,Recommended,210770,28341814,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ozataro,good i love it for a low price
76561198088211791,Recommended,210770,21017302,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,joshh2688,.
,Recommended,210770,13206996,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,about 47 t-rexes,"A fun game, grab it when its on sale. Even betetr  with friends!"
,Not Recommended,210770,8860417,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,DragonReaver,It gets boring after a while.
76561198058876921,Recommended,210770,8855869,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,mysth|ca,"Awesome graphics and sound quality! An indie masterpiece,i'll have to admit."
76561197972263910,Recommended,210770,19007108,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,Enjoyable FPS tower defence game.6 / 10.
76561198098261736,Recommended,210770,8895591,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,The Terrorist,ITS AWESOME
,Recommended,210770,12633783,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Sir Spoony,"Love the game.  I love both shooters and Tower defense and this has both!  Game definitely has replay value.  I just wish they had a MOBA-Style PVP and a map builder.  Both ideas would make a solid community!I livestream and would love to have a Sanctum 2 following, but sadly no new people ever stop by for this.www.twitch.tv/sirspoonyand Twitter @SirspoonyTV.  Only stream Fridays and Saturdays mostly, but by request I can play if enough stop by :)"
76561198025216967,Not Recommended,210770,8672034,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kaesar,"Sanctum 1 included some pretty cool concepts. FPS tower defense? Hell yes. Everything about the game was perfect. The FPS aspect, admittedly was a tiny bit half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But it did play an important role against some enemies.Sanctum 2 however ♥♥♥♥♥ all over the first game, by overemphasizing the FPS aspect, leaving the tower defense aspect in the dust. While leaving weapons about as weak as they used to be, you're lucky to kill 1, MAYBE 2 enemies tops before you're forced to reload (And reloading takes about 5~ seconds)Towers are far too weak, far too expensive to build and far too expensive to upgrade. Other than walls to block the enemy, there is literally no point in building a single tower because they don't provide much help.There also a larger emphasis on the co-op aspect, which hurts the single player experience considerably.Over-all, this game is just a terrible game. Take a pass on it."
,Recommended,210770,13409665,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,FockinUppity,I sanctcame
,Not Recommended,210770,8506371,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Infinitum,"The shooting in this game feels awful and unrewarding.  The tower defense portion is pretty boring as well, I feel like there are better offerings in the ""active"" tower defense genre.  Check out Dungeon Defenders or Orcs Must Die if you want this kind of a game."
,Recommended,210770,18412639,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Carmine Calzone,i leik killing tings
,Recommended,210770,31132114,Posted: 14 April,all,JC,like the prequel but better
76561198092539684,Recommended,210770,11706213,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,President Donald Trump,"I'ts a first person tower defence that is VERY good, buy it while you can with all the DLCS. It's worth it trust me if you love si fi you will love this game."
76561198023712888,Recommended,210770,26551399,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Darth Andy,"If you haven't played this game, buy it. It is still one of the best games out there and should be owned by anyone who loves coop."
76561197982877381,Recommended,210770,14344547,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dethstarr,"Its ok but I preferred the original. If you dont have the original buy it. If you really like co op and come from a console background I can see how this might be very appealing indeed.  Personally, I found it was a very young group of people and I dont much like co op in games of this type.Needs to be a neutral button added to the steam thumbs up and thumbs down selection. It was ok but I preferred the charm of the original and have no interest in co op."
,Not Recommended,210770,17945721,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,dtSkull,The idea is solid and the game mechanics work well as a tower defense game in FPS mode. I wish there had been more attention to detail in a few areas:-Weapons feel underpowered and not fun to shoot. There is no feedback from firing a gun.-The animations in general are not great. Enemy movement is stiff and rearmament of a 15 year old game.-Difficulty does not feel balanced to me. (this is not a huge issue)-Lots of non-exciting repetition.It does not excel as a tower defense game and it definitely is subpart to the current generation of FPS shooters. Unfortunately I found myself getting bored pretty quickly...
,Recommended,210770,34884153,Posted: 11 September,all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"Ist GutVery gut, indeedSo gut that when I go to pee with my wii I thinkz of zis gut gut gaemIZN NINE out oz NINE!!"
76561198084995930,Not Recommended,210770,20492103,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jack,Crap. Don't waste money.
76561197971088364,Recommended,210770,16053773,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Rale,"Great game.If you like shooters you'll like this.If you like tower defense you'll like this.If you don't like 1 or the other, you'll like this cause it has enough of both genres that it'll keep you entertained.Requires wit and reflexes. Easy to play but has a good difficulty curve.Quite polished. I'v seen no bugs or glitches. Plays very smooth Looks great.Multiple classes with unique guns with dozens of guns to unlock. Dozens of skills to unlock also. Plenty of content to keep you tied up all nite and call in sick to work the next day."
,Recommended,210770,18321130,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FatHaggard,"Just finished it! I'm not a big tower defense gamer but Sanctum 2 is a really solid game. Lots of replayability trying different strategies and using the very satisfying end-game bonus. My only gripe is a couple glitchy hitboxes and the occasional reload bug.9/10 recommended! Also check out Coffee Stain's other games, A Story About My Uncle and Goat Simulator."
,Recommended,210770,8912261,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,xenustehg,Bugged as hell but quite fun in the beginning
,Recommended,210770,18251758,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Norski yes?,Fun with friends
,Recommended,210770,11731666,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"This game is not too bad in my opinion. I really like the tower defense and FPS look and feel to it, and how you can create defensive walls and turrents against enemy waves (even a boos fight). The challenge of stopping the waves of enemies, as well as how you must work as a team to achieve victory is what makes it fun."
76561197995466919,Not Recommended,210770,14997302,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,=ZC=Tasty Morsel,"I love First person shooters. I love Tower defence. Put them together and you get awesome sauce with extra awesome sauce on the side ? . not in this case.dated graphics, very limited choices on both the TD and FPS sides of this coin, 4/10"
,Recommended,210770,14426431,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Karl Marx ☭,"Very fun and good game.  Season pass really does add alot for not much more, i recommend it."
,Not Recommended,210770,287551,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Charon,"Well, I dunno what happened to the beautiful TD/FPS hybrid Sanctum used to be. This mediocre co-op FPS seems to lack a lot of the charm and sandbox gameplay of the original, instead opting for a perk driven shooter mechanic with minimal tower involvement. The level design may have a few gaming culture references but no hidden areas to explore and a mere 12 achievements up for grabs. All in all it's a bit disappointing and lacks the longevity of the original. I'd recommend Sanctum 1 and Super Sanctum TD over this any day."
,Not Recommended,210770,11799476,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,caesarbear,"Coffee Stain thinks the most interesting action in a first person shooter is reloading a weapon. I'll applaud the attempt to make a hybrid game, but this one trips over it's own ideas, is counterintuitive and takes a backwards step in terms of information availability and interface."
76561198066231752,Not Recommended,210770,9802504,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,SireLolzALot,"Just bought it, went to launch, shows a black screen then crashes to desktop... Wtf?"
,Not Recommended,210770,10956685,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,get bent,"I have played this game almost all the way through. It was a blast playing this game multiplayer with friends, and we came across two problems:1.)The last DLC is COMPLETELY UNPLAYABLE MULTIPLAYER. Everyone other than the host crashes constantly rendering the game unplayable.2.) The last map of the non-DLC was too difficult to complete on normal difficulty with two people. All the other maps had challenges, but we couldn't finish this. Take this problem with a grain of salt."
,Not Recommended,210770,8835766,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Jin ツ - Music,"Have only played a few levels and this is a very fun game with great graphics. The only thing I don't like so far is the character art of the characters you play as. They are very ugly, they look like anorexic meth addicts. No reason for them to look like this as you only see them a few times. Not saying they need to look like supermodels but meth addicts? Seriously ? Update and change please. Its almost bad enough I don't really feel like recomending this game as I don't want other people to have thier eyes bleed too lol"
,Recommended,210770,12455681,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,hans_the_spider,"You need this game in your life, if you love Goat simulator and need a Game, pick this up you won't be disappointed9/10"
,Not Recommended,210770,11156246,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Whopon,Worst than the first one. Far worse.
76561197999196136,Not Recommended,210770,8859883,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MyPham,Game for the price was pretty cool. But after playing a few games then trying to start the game again. It fails to launch. Checked all over the internt for help. Nothing. Waste of money game doesn't even work
00110011001100110,Not Recommended,210770,13452733,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,۩•“M̲øЯ†€”•۩,ห่วยมากเล่นไปเลเวล 20 กว่าแล้ว วันต่อมาเซฟหาย บอกให้สร้างใหม่ เอาคะแนนไปเลย -5 / 10
,Recommended,210770,28701448,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
76561198073366530,Not Recommended,210770,21252286,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Smiley Grenade,"Original game was a great tower defense/shooter. The sequel is literally the worst of both worlds, completely strips the game of gun upgrades and the ability to meaninfully set up towers. Anyone who has played the first Sanctum would not enjoy this one. This sequel is god awful."
76561198045026286,Not Recommended,210770,11735020,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,CrypticFlame,"While this game has awesome graphics and music, do not waste your time. The developers, when they update, nerf all the effective weapons and towers in this game that players are using on a regular basis."
,Recommended,210770,8834095,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mionase,"This game, it's fun alot with friendsand then spam the chat under. It haz the same talking systemas the alpha moon game, I surly will get alot spam under the the damn gamesolong it's fungood game!10/10"
76561198038748621,Not Recommended,210770,11905605,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,RexxySexy,Pretty trash i got bored of it real quick because the combat was dull and the community is horrible
,Not Recommended,210770,8871524,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,-Bader..,dafuq is this game!
76561198025386471,Not Recommended,210770,10413193,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Lazyeye,"I'll start by saying that I have never played Sanctum 1, and write this review for other people like me who are new to the franchise.As a tower defense game, it does little to reward creativity, and as a FPS it does little to reward skill.Maps are typically open, allowing for a standard horizontal-maze style defense which is mathematically optimal in every scenario for creating the longest creep path. Different tower types are similar in damage and upgrade potential, making a choice in towers somewhat meaningless. Different styles of towers are geared towards different mobs, but one is nearly equivalent to any other against all mob types in many cases; at least for three of the most obvious choices in primary damage towers.Character choice is extremely unbalanced, with the shotgun-wielding character capable of dropping the toughest creep in the game in a single shot, and all other characters being far less effective than a single tower. This makes the only important skill in the FPS side of the game being in the right place at the right time to drop the tough mobs.Social aspects of the game are emphasized and facilitated well by the UI, with an effective (and kind of funny) text-to-speech program, and public matchmaking. However, addition of more players limits the ability for a group to think through tower defense design since build time is limited (loosely though, plenty of time for an individual to plan the field), and building resources are automatically divided amongst players.Sanctum 2 may be a fun game for players who are playing with people they know, who can organize a well thought out tower defense layout in a relatively short amount of time, but other games such as Dungeon Defenders offer more potential for skill, creativity and character development.No offense to Coffee Stain, but they should be spending more time with great (and hilarious) games like Goat Simulator."
,Not Recommended,210770,9619746,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mustang McCloud,a game that's worse than it's previous title. wtf man
,Not Recommended,210770,28708058,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,20k,"Got generally stale quite fast, game mechanics are just not particularly fun"
,Not Recommended,210770,18205648,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bokor,"On paper it seems like it would be awesome... but this game just isn't very fun. The weapons are not satisfying, and the tower defense aspect does not make up for it. Honestly, I expected to easily waste a few hours in this game but even playing co-op it was a tedious slog."
,Recommended,210770,11935275,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,TREE GRASS THE DUMP CLOD,it was a good game that dint get old.
,Recommended,210770,8927001,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,tv,shet
76561198042579380,Recommended,210770,32793897,Posted: 25 June,all,The Milkman,"Yeah it sucksyou into a great and addicting experience.Don't play itIf you don't like a good shooter or tower defense once in awhile.It's so boringIf you play without friends, so grab a few!10/10Skip itif you want an extremely story-based game.If you already bought it, I'm sorryThat kids in Africa can't play this game, because it's amazing!"
,Not Recommended,210770,21551099,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SpikeyLimes,Doesn't even launch
76561198088431332,Recommended,210770,8836348,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Inuit,"if you love tower defends, this is for you and be careful you wont stop playing after trying it"
76561198027889178,Recommended,210770,30645823,Posted: 20 March,all,Annex,Watermelon is delicious
76561198032886405,Recommended,210770,10827544,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"""ITS ME""Mr.Pro",Great graphics nice soundtrack enjoyable challenges buy this.
76561197966131169,Not Recommended,210770,20828582,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,โล่ชิริว,"Jesus, i have already played this game over 2 hours , and then when i opened this ghame again.It said ""cannot load save because corruped"".Fuxk you !"
,Not Recommended,210770,14670992,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,AbeClancy,
,Not Recommended,210770,9653367,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Caileena,Head bob is so dramatic I get nauseous within minutes. No way to turn it off. Waste of money.
76561197966899842,Recommended,210770,8826527,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Jon M,"Plenty of fun to be had in this crazy co-op tower defense First Person Shooter. Work together with up to 4 players, build the maze like you want it, add some of the many different towers and get ready to pull some of the load yourself with your own weapons! Level up your character and unlock new weapons, towers and a lot of special perks that will increase your characters strength. Higly recommend this game for co-op!"
76561198100744786,Recommended,210770,33231066,Posted: 4 July,all,Keizer Kuzco,Haha €15 for this garbage
,Recommended,210770,11756760,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Deltatech,"A mixture between desktop defense ans FPS, a great game. I was going to just try it out and ended up playing for a couple of hours!Now for the negative, I don't like the artwork or the design of the main PC's. The gameplay makes up for it. The level design is on par for most sci fi shooters. I'd like to see Sanctum 3 with better design but the same gameplay with a few added features."
,Recommended,210770,26591337,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,supervillain gf,snorks.why did it have to be snorks
,Recommended,210770,18349060,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Davoodinator,RPG Level: non existantRPG Style: Linear 100%This is a tower defense game with varying levels of user selected difficulty.  understanding the intricacies of the different units and towers and fps weapons make for a fun challenge.
76561198019597873,Not Recommended,210770,11758498,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,crassadon,"Let me preface by saying that I would not recommend any tower defence games on Steam. I love tower defence games, and none of them measure up.If you think the idea of Sanctum--tower defence with first person shooting--sounds interesting, then play this game. It's a big improvement over the first game.However. .I found the game a bit unstable. It crashed maybe 50% of the levels I played. Now, my computer is getting outdated, and I'm going to build a new system soon, which would likely improve this issue, however, you should be aware of this if you're only meeting the minimum requirements.I found the levels themselves to be too short. I played through about half the campaign. Levels rarely have even a dozen waves to them. I want to fight through, like, 50 waves. I never have enough gold to populate my maze with even a dozen towers, especially if some need to be upgraded. Often my mazes are only half finshed, if that. I'll enter a level, and plan out in my head the form the maze will take; establishing towers that will be extra effective as the maze doubles back on itself, but the level is over before the maze reaches that point. Although I didn't get to the end of the game, I never felt like I got to go out all, and only in one of the levels can I say I build a maze that was like the maze of my dreams. All the other levels just end too soon! Though, to the games credit, the level design themselves are really good. Actually, like, really, really good. There's a lot of variety, and they never feels like I'm playing the same levels I've played in a hundread other tower defence games. It's just that the levels end too soon; I never get to appreciate their designs. I can understand that, doubling the number of towers, and the number of enemies, may cause some issues, so it is understandable, however I'm left feeling like the levels are cut short.Another issue is that there's no in-level save. It's a good thing the levels aren't any longer, really! If your game crashes, or if you lose a level for any reason, then you have to play the whole thing over again! That can get frustrating. Especially if you only lose at the last wave because you anticipated something wrong, so now you have to rebuild the same exact maze and do everything over again, only on the last level build one tower differently, or something like that. It's just frustrating. Although it's nice getting to build a maze differently, it sucks when the game crashes and you have to play the level over again.A lot of the other things in the game are well done, and make the game stand out as a very unique entity. It feels very personal: with so many ways to loadout your character, and that gives you a lot of freedom in the game. It's very relaxing to play; I've enjoyed playing it a lot, it's just not meeting my desires for tower defence planning.The game looks and sounds great. If you want to play something different; something that you can play multiplayer cooperative with your friends, then this game is a great choice.I hope there will be a Sanctum 3. This game has been a great improvement over the first game. With levels that let you build more complex mazes, it would be an easy buy. I feel tower defence fanatics will feel the levels are unfinished when they end so soon, though people looking to casually play a game with friends will have a wonderful time here."
76561197994545254,Not Recommended,210770,19293048,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Sir Wopstein of Sherwood,disappointing
,Not Recommended,210770,12361057,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,trickyfish,"Sanctum 2 has terrible Linux support.  Not only does it run much less smoothly than its Windows counterpart, it frequently crashes.  On some levels (such as ""Canopy"") it will crash 100% of the time.  Changing the MPAA graphic setting also reliably causes a crash.  Sometimes the game will freeze, making you forcefully close it, or X server must be restarted, or the OS must be restarted entirely.  No combination of GPU drivers, GPU settings or game graphics settings resolves this.Sanctum 2 is brought to you by the same developers as Goat Simulator, the game that's so buggy users have decided (as you will see from MetaCritic reviews) that they must have developed it buggy >>on purpose<< as a joke.  But the joke is on us, the consumers, for paying for such shoddy software as this developer puts out and refuses to fix."
,Not Recommended,210770,11989088,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,DOOMJESUS,"unpolished and evidently abandoned so that the developers could devote their time to a stupid goat-joke-game.i put my trust in this publisher and bought this game based on the merits of the first one.doing that, sometimes turns out out be a mistake and that is what happened here.this game showed a great deal of promise. and unlike many owners of their previous game, i didn't much mind the change in play style or even the pointless cartoons that can not be bypassed but there are a lot of things wrong with this game including performance issues and unwinnable maps but it's become apparent they will never be addressed.performance issues on the unreal 3 engine is where i draw the line, if a developer can't get that much right then they aren't even trying. also the game probably would not be as difficult if it weren't for the poor performance when the on screen action gets heavy.fyi, i play on an 8350fx, asus crosshair V mobo w/16gb ram and an r9 290x for gfx and it's all water-cooled, yes, i know what i'm doing. there is no reason on earth that any unreal engine game should lag on this system @1080p besides poor programming. doubtlessly, coffee stain studios' fanboys will attempt to contradict me on this, well i say ♥♥♥♥ them.regrettably, i put coffee stain studios on my pay-no-mind-list of game publishers. i waited very patiently for them to polish this game up and remove only the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flaws but here we sit a year and half later and these flaws remain.devoting their resources to developing that goat game and never going back to finish this one, was a huge stab in the back to their customers. i tryed to like this game but every time i play it, i leave♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. i will never buy another one of coffee stain studios's products based on this purchase."
76561198068215840,Not Recommended,210770,9810457,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,bobisland44,The game gets boring very easily. Dont buy it toull regret it like me.
,Not Recommended,210770,17978911,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ehoba888,One word: MEH
,Not Recommended,210770,13950410,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,jimmyp427,f**k this game
,Recommended,210770,19122473,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Rey,itssss awesome 100% should buy (●´ω｀●)
,Not Recommended,210770,20888055,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Magma,Can't really call it a tower defense when the towers only do 10% of the damage required to succeed on any given level.
,Not Recommended,210770,18244315,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,null soulwax,"It may be simple but my charcter grunts like a man when I'm clearly a woman. and it's not a bug, it's happened every time."
,Recommended,210770,14475675,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,AnonumusSoldier,"Double thumbs up to this game. Whoever had the idea to combine my 2 favorite game types, tower defense and immersive shooter and pulled it off in this spectacular manner is a genius. Love this game and will provide many years of good gaming. Get your friends into this game and they can even play with you."
,Not Recommended,210770,981634,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Dwarfy,Its like when your cousin has a second kid everyone pretends they care when in general its nothing special
,Recommended,210770,18295860,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Broke Dick Piece of Shit Drill!,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It's a brilliant Tower Defence game, one of the best I've played.(TBH even though I've only played the Free Weekend version, I still had to make a review on this brilliant game)"
,Not Recommended,210770,12820075,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"Played this game for many hours. It is very fun, addictive, and enjoyable. But I discovered the further you get, the more Sanctum 2 has a distinct identity crisis. The cohesion of FPS and tower defense breaks down becoming dysfunctional.This results in the biggest problem Sanctum 2 has: its difficulty curve. The game gets disproportionately more difficult the further you get. Eventually it gets to a point where it becomes impossible to beat levels solo. Eventually it even gets too hard to beat a level in co-op. A lot of this deals with the unreasonable restrictions Sanctum 2 places on players. Some of these are due to Sanctum 2 being designed with a heavy bias towards co-op play. Others are the foolish methods to control which genre the game is trying to beFor example- There are tons of towers available to unlock, but you're limited to using 4 at a time relying on co-op parters using their 4 tower slots to fill in your deficiencies.- You're encouraged to corral enemies in an enormous maze BUT- There's a low restriction on the number of turrets that can be placed.- Not all turrets are created equally. Some are weak and meant to be replaced by a stronger tower as you unlock them. Unfortunately ranking up is unreasonably slow and requires grinding.- Not all FPS weapons are created equally. Some characters feature a default weapon (the one you can't change) that is useless weak garbage.- Certain enemies were designed to bypass turret defenses throwing favor towards FPS elements- A few of these FPS specific enemies result in a very uneven increase in enemy strength.- Certain enemies are just plain bawllshiat. Specifically bobblehead enemies that take zero damage from turrets, and can only be damaged and killed by shooting their extremely tiny and constantly moving weak point.-Some of the later stages you will find yourself losing (typically near the end) because of a wave of these same stupid enemies that take the burden of defeat off your turrets and place it squarely on the player's FPS skills.The sad thing is I actually like Sanctum 2. It is a good game! I would recommend it if it didn't get so hard for stupid reasons so early in its campaign. That just kills the enjoyment got out of it. If you wish to get Sanctum 2, thankfully it tends to go on sale frequently. The base price for the core game is extremely high and not worth it."
,Not Recommended,210770,7769511,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Tyen,"Generally a unsatisfying experience. I'll try cut it short and put down the ways that make the game something I cannot recommend.The level design is unenjoyable. While it trys to escape from the tropes of regular tower defense ways, the method it does it just doesn't quite work as well as it could. The thing that makes a good tower map layout is loops. Causing the mobs to go round and round hitting the same turrets as many times as you can. But many of the maps don't really allow for this, while there is certainly some room for loops often I found the shapes to have these awkward little spots where you just can't make the loop work and room goes to waste.There are ways that you can screw yourself over if you build up a maze in a certain way and in the next turn the game changes the flow of monsters in a way that means your high powered turrets aren't being used and you have to panick while enemies bash away at the powercore while you try to pick them off with your weapons. I understand that the game wants you to adjust your maze in major ways between waves, but sometimes I've built it in a certain way that I just can't or I'd rather not.The special enemy types can be frustrating to take down. There is an armoured one will armour everywhere except a little spot on it's rear, so you'll be running behind it shooting away at it, and when the enemy hits a corner it will suddenly snap to a new angle. There's no smooth rotation, it's just bam, it's now at a new angle and now you have to move to compensate for this. All of which might just be okay, but perhaps you've built a maze with many angled corners. Now the monster will be snapping to new angles every few seconds while you're trying to shoot away at it's rear. The only way to do a significant amount of damage is on straights. Ahh it's just frustating.The sound design is lacking, especially in the weapons. I can't quite put my finger on what it is exactly, perhaps the lack of punch that makes you feel like you're actually making a dent.I didn't like having abilities that and towers make you more effective and make the game more fun locked off until you put in the required time to unlock them. Some people like this.. and I know it was designed to keep you engaged and also to make you to try some unlocks that maybe you wouldn't use.. but I just don't like these systems.It really feels like this genre could be something special, but I can't see that something in this game. Perhaps another studio will be able to fill that hole.I played it for two hours with a friend and another three on my own and I've found that it wasn't something I found fun, which is too bad."
,Not Recommended,210770,7745897,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Paul Morel,A sequel that misses the mark. The original is much better. There is too much baggage in the sequel.
,Not Recommended,210770,8064548,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,NaNO3,"Waste of money, really. I saved up for a whole term to get my copy, and I am already sick of it. I also wasted a further $15 of my money to get my brother a copy, and he hates it. :(Steam really needs to get... I dunno, a week? - trial. Or maybe after, say, 12/24 hours of gameplay, you cannot refund it for full price."
76561198004149303,Not Recommended,210770,26723597,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,e90,"I love FPS, I love TD, and I kinda liked Sanctum 1.*But how, do you make such a small level punish the graphics this much ???  My eyes are killing after 10 minutes*Also, the mouse sensitivty, wtf is going on there.  Some times it's 1000x sensitive, and others I'm pulling it around the screen.*no reload or health bar?*no health bar on the defense target? how do know when I'm about to lose?* The levels are what I expected, level ups etc, it's not a bad game, but it feels like it's running on 20 year old engine.As with all gaming these days, ok concept, not polished whatsoever. But hey, I'm sure they made the deadline.PS and due to spinning left, I had to unplug joystick(s) to play... awesome QA guys lol"
,Not Recommended,210770,18751929,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,イーサン,game is♥♥♥♥♥♥only good thing is the text to speech chatguess what the defualt aim down sight key is??? you probably guessed 2nd mouse button WRONG ITS THE LEFT CONTROL BUTTON?!?!?!?!?!? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ YOU MAKES THEAT THE DEFALUT FOR AIM DOWN SIGHTS?!?!?!?!??! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Not Recommended,210770,7811563,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,octane,"The original is much better than this. This game is simply BORING.As you start the game, you are FORCED to play the super boring singleplayer prologue before you can play the multiplayer, being that it's a multiplayer co-op focused game that you are supposed to play with your friends, I don't know what they were thinking.Shooting is much less fun, weapons feel worse than in the first game.In short screw this game, I regret buying it for when it was full price, because I was such a fan of the original. I rather play the original than this game."
76561198146951417,Not Recommended,210770,18899033,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jazz dad,sucked♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,210770,7814616,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,LVL 99 Slime,"A great take on classic Tower Defense. If you like Fps with fun gamplay, i think you might like this to. You don't need to be a Expert tower defense player to like this game. Get it and love it!"
76561197968212484,Not Recommended,210770,13228389,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,MrBananaGrabber,"It's a clever and interesting concept, but not very well executed. The game engine used is very clunky and limited and doesn't suit the level or gameplay type very well.Also, there are a lot of problems with lag and player connections with online play, which is a big problem given that games are very fast paced and hectic.This is only really worth getting when it's on sale.P.S. Good luck finding a match that isn't hosted by a control freak."
,Recommended,210770,8824996,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Tuong,"Sanctum 2 is the sequel to the world’s first Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game. Pick from four unique character classes and embark on a mission to protect the oxygen-producing Cores from hordes of deadly aliens who are threatened by their existence. Outfit your character exactly the way you want through the new and extensive customization system. Choose your own loadout of towers, weapons and perks, but choose wisely because you are humanity’s last defense against the unrelenting hordes set out to destroy it.Sanctum 2 is a new game completely rebuilt from the ground up using community feedback and innovative design to really push the bar of what an independent studio can do.In Sanctum 2, you will utilize elements from multiple gameplay genres to succeed. Construct towers and walls during the building phase before the enemies attack, then jump into the fray and blast everything to pieces in FPS mode. You can progress through the single-player campaign yourself, or play with up to four friends in co-op to discover the secrets of the planet LOEK III and learn the backstory on why the aliens are so intent on destroying the Cores you are sworn to protect."
,Not Recommended,210770,8858799,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,NeoRizer,So I went in to this game expecting to play some Halo Tower Defense and that's kind of exactly what I got... soooo.... hmmmm.Nay.
76561197999772276,Not Recommended,210770,26101761,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,StrY,No Support.Game has been freezing on some pc's on linux for years but stil nothing is done by developers!
,Recommended,210770,25451543,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
76561198070750078,Not Recommended,210770,12838970,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,coaster,"Sanctum 1 was 100x better...Pros:Better graphics/animationsHealth bar that shows how much health enemies have, in numbersCons:Have to unlock weapons and towers before you can use themYou can be killed by monsters? Seriously? Who thought that would be a good idea?Towers are smallerEnemies are smaller and harder to hitEverything is smaller, it just feels crampedYou can't teleport around by going into overviewIf you can get a teleport tower, you have to unlock it first... but I haven't played enough of the game to get that far, and I don't really have any desire to play this game anymoreOverall, the gameplay is less emersive and harder to follow than Sanctum 1. What I loved about the original Sanctum was how simple and easy to get into it was...Sanctum 1 was 10/10, this I would give maybe 3.5/10. Really a huge let-down and dissapointment. Save your money."
76561198052142340,Not Recommended,210770,28639416,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kaamalauppias,Overrated and not fun.
76561198275257405,Not Recommended,210770,31988881,Posted: 26 May,all,RagZeee K-5,very boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,210770,12920262,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hau,its ok.. eh
76561198051065059,Not Recommended,210770,13876327,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,coolertyp12345,one reason to hate this game: honey badger dont care achievement
,Not Recommended,210770,35360539,Posted: 30 September,all,12 moths,just not as fun as it looks
76561198163591821,Recommended,210770,33983366,Posted: 2 August,all,Roger the Shrubber,"…………………..,-‘´ . . . _,,,,,';:-,......................………………..,-(c\ \`;-=´,_,-~-, \`…….............………………,/ . . .¯'\, º ,/.‘-~°,‘ .¯`’-, ...............……...…....../ . . . . . .¯,_ ~--~’,, . . .'\.................……………..| . . . . . . . . ¯¨¨¨¨¯,/ . . . .| ………....………….....| . . . . . . . , . . . .`’-, . . . |.……….....……………./\ . . . . . . .”-,,,-‘~-~’ . . . '|.………..………….,/’`\,`’-, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . /\……….....………..,/’ ,- `’-, `’-, . . . . . . . . . . ,-‘´,/`\……….………./’ ,/• • • •`’-,• `’~-.,,,__ ._,-‘´,-‘´ ¡ •\……..………/ /’• • • • • • •`’~-.,,_(´ `\/´`)-'‘´ • • \, `\……..……,/’’(\• • • • • • • • • , • • • • •`\• • • • • •`\• `\,…......"
76561197984190641,Not Recommended,210770,25091951,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lydon,"Towers suck, gatta grind heavily to unlock towers/weapons/perks.  Fine multiplayer game, terrible single player game."
,Not Recommended,210770,34610135,Posted: 30 August,all,MeanMorbid,Not as good as the first one
76561198014942578,Not Recommended,210770,28380582,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jackrabbit,"Horrible for 2550x1440 causes severe eye strain...blurry mess, refunded."
,Not Recommended,210770,32981907,Posted: 29 June,all,QwazwazZ|TradingKnife|Gamdom.com,"I dont think this is a very good game due to the way it just plays, maybe it's just me but... yea"
76561198263068985,Not Recommended,210770,32645812,Posted: 22 June,all,IrnBruh,This is a game
76561198128895400,Not Recommended,210770,26155554,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,colonel,Looked interesting but was kinda disappointing
,Not Recommended,210770,31562981,Posted: 5 May,all,Zakku,"This has been a fun game, for me-- whenever it will launch, that is.It generally takes me about a half an hour of tinkering to get it to finally launch, each time.  It crashes frequently, and has numerous unresolved bugs.  The devs have abandoned this game, and no attempts are being made to fix existing bugs."
,Not Recommended,210770,31058483,Posted: 10 April,all,Bacardi,Broken GNU\Linux port. Game freezes at splash screen every time.Developers still not responded to a bug report I made last year on official bugtracker.
76561197996000330,Not Recommended,210770,31211070,Posted: 17 April,all,TheReciever,I honestly liked Sanctum 1 a lot more.Ran a lot better on my toaster back then too.
76561198036615575,Not Recommended,210770,33769121,Posted: 24 July,all,Super Bogan,Too much grinding for single player
,Not Recommended,210770,30518437,Posted: 14 March,all,Dance Dance Revelation,EH not worth 15$
76561198099303828,Not Recommended,210770,28532121,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Alice,You have to shoot things or you die :(
76561198141331057,Not Recommended,210770,33083118,Posted: 1 July,all,DarkRay666,Not Fun Game ):
76561197968648926,Not Recommended,210770,12464385,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,JecoerW,"bad game,bad network,Many time, game has been disconnected cause by network ploblem.Why the others game are not ploblem?I have already many games.few player, i mean there are no player in network game.Bad language.Sometime you meet not your mother language and not international llanguage in system.I dont understandgame message , I can not read."
76561198120181297,Not Recommended,210770,34543820,Posted: 27 August,all,cumdrop420,garbage
76561198033025472,Not Recommended,210770,33911248,Posted: 30 July,all,Acid Burn,This is not a TD its a FPS with some usless towers as back up Please take this off of a TD tag. You have running all over the map because there are 3 entrances. gives you tower to maze but thats pointless because an are wave from the entrance ob the opposide side of the map spawns air. Let have bosses who can destroy all you tower so you stuck in a pure FPS. no top down build like every singe TD in thw world no you have to run all over the map to place towers pain to design a maze when you cant even see the map. after the wave its sometimes times to next wave sometimes not so your busy building your maze because you have to run all over the place then oh look the wave starts and your stuck on the wrong side. you can fall off the map or get stuck in spots very easy. all enemy have weak spots witch is fine however half og them you do no damage if you dont hit the weak spot makes your towers oven more usless. WAY to heavy on FPS to be tagged TD i dont get the point of having towers of they cant kill anything without your heros dps. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID.
76561197992965976,Not Recommended,210770,33147691,Posted: 2 July,all,8),the mainmenu music is nice
76561198134977686,Not Recommended,210770,31299395,Posted: 22 April,all,kaiber,this game had many  years old andsucks this game is a flaw
,Not Recommended,210770,29574663,Posted: 29 January,all,2 niggas kissing,UR GAY
76561198124940479,Recommended,210770,30404710,Posted: 9 March,all,SS Valhalla,Worth the buy!People still plays it and there is a survival mode which is challenging.
76561198052254457,Recommended,210770,18387895,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,LukaWolf,"massively fun, well worth the buy"
76561197996383816,Recommended,210770,1682259,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,bonglord420,"This is such an smooth genre mashup I can't believe it's not more popular. Great game, heaps of fun, please buy."
,Recommended,210770,10151808,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Blokkie420,If you like tower defense and first person shooters this is a combination between the 2.Allot of fun.
76561198097037356,Recommended,210770,10412840,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Deadline,I LOVE THIS GAME MORE THEN MY STEAM  I HOPE IT WILL GO ON SALE I WILL BUY IT
76561198068495932,Recommended,210770,10269456,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,AKFan4tic,My Brain Just Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! :D
76561198104508782,Recommended,210770,10408878,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Wamp,"This is a great FPS game for some one who also like tatical thinking games. It stands out as a unique challange that gains more depth as your skill improves. So if you like to show off your shooting skills but also like to be challanged to use your brain to create new ways it defeat your enimies, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,210770,10424188,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,casiocraig,i cant concentrate on what im supposed to be doing because everyones too sexy
,Recommended,210770,10430010,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,rylee830,i love itr
76561198046473952,Recommended,210770,10482704,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,siren,"Hoping for sanctum 3, instead of goat simulator dlc"
,Recommended,210770,10165750,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,That1Guy,"Fun game, that challenges your thinking. Also funs with friends."
76561198075497506,Recommended,210770,10171075,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Grimtooth,Epic game very easy to figure out lots of fun to play. Also has a great upgrade and level system.
,Recommended,210770,10684562,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MonzOHNO,"It's a good game to grab on sale, especially for $4 with the DLC. I would definitely recommend getting all the DLC for this game as it adds a good 15 more hours to the game, not to mention the weapons. While their are some downsides to this game such as tower placement limits, it is definitely a good 30 hour game. Even when you complete all the areas, it's enjoyable to hop into someone else's game and help them out, or just to join in a party. It is very satisfying everytime you unlock new weapons or perks as each presents a different style of play. Once you finally reach level 40 you fell like a god, especially among the lower levelled players. I would recommend this to anyone who likes FPS or Tower Defence games."
76561198045816829,Recommended,210770,5163207,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,The Kaiju Hunter,If you like TD's and FPS action then this is your game
,Recommended,210770,10672084,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Doctor Madd,Quality fun for me and my mates.8 out of 10 would recommend.
76561198021482596,Recommended,210770,10691290,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HuffNStuff,Think tower defense in a FPS. It's different but very fun. It's best if you have friends to play with. I'd recommend ti!
,Recommended,210770,10734645,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Spotdot,"Combined FPS and Tower Defense, just smart."
76561198027893212,Recommended,210770,10734904,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,=^.^=,Tower defence meets FPS. Great game that combines the two. Not the best story line but i didn't get it for that.
,Recommended,210770,10736424,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tetravalence,"Tower Defence meets Halo. Build your towers, control the flow of the alien horde, and blast them youself. This is definately a fun game. The one problem I have with it is that you cannot pause the game... well... I gues you can bring up the pause menu, but it doesnt stop the gameplay. Which sucks because I cant sit down and play a level all the way through without interruptions. So I end up losing because I have real life crap to do.They should make the charectors more customizable instead of giving you two different suit options. They don't change the gameplay, it just makes you feel more connected with the game.I give it an 8/10"
76561198116228102,Recommended,210770,10760331,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,demonboy42,this is a very heat racing game somtimes when the monsteres get to the core. Thats why this is one of my favorite games.
76561198079150765,Recommended,210770,10762216,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,wr0ngp3rs0n,it's neat
,Recommended,210770,10764912,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Armadillo,"I love this game. Straight out. The music, its great. The art style, its great. The tower defense part, works great, the FPS part, works great. Its such a unique game, thats why I love it. The closest thing to this game is an iOS ripoff. But yeah, if you love tower defense and first person shooters, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,210770,10765029,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,damndanielcap,"Pretty fun game. don't buy unless ur buying it with friends becus the co-op is realy fun.doesnt worth 15$ in my opinion,(if this game worth 15$ then skyrim and borderlands 2 are worth 70$).but still a fun game. its problems are the high price, the lack of things, and there's no tutorial in this game (luckily i've played the first sanctum, there is a good tutorial there. u should play the demo of the first one and the think about buying sanctum 2.FINAL SCORE- 4.5/10its fun but not worth to buy full price or if u want to play a serious and long game.BTW- I bought it for 3$ and it was worth it. so thats the main reason i recommend it."
76561198046111551,Recommended,210770,10765849,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Biggest Cup of Coffee,"All around great game. Fun, and easy to get into. The combination of tower defense and FPS make this one of my all time favorites. Fun to play with friends, but doesn't suffer when playing with strangers.Pick it up in a sale, preferably with all the DLC as it double the number of missions."
,Recommended,210770,10746756,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Baiter,You can reload your gun by switching to another gun..12/10
,Recommended,210770,10833502,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Grahamoth,"Ever have trouble deciding between a Tower Defense game and a First Person Shooter? Well here is the best of both worlds. You start each wave setting up tower locations and defenses (you unlock more as you level up since there is a ranking system) and then during the waves, you are shooting with your nice fancy guns of killing. Think that towers in TD games are too stupid to attack that one enemy that is only vulnerable to attacks from behind or can't take out air units because you forgot to put in Anti-air Towers? Guess What? F*ck the towers and take care of it yourself. Forget a tower for taking out air units, shoot them yourself. Target only weak from behind, either get the unit's attention and turn its back to your turrets of destruction or go up behind it yourself and kick it in the♥♥♥♥♥ There are 5 classes to choose from, each with their own weapon specialization unique buffs and a nice little story being told through comic book cutscenes. The game offers lobbies up to 4 players so send copies to your friends and get to it."
76561198091686768,Recommended,210770,10834008,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Shadow Link,"Awesome game, would love to see development of some additional characters or the ability to switch abilities."
,Recommended,210770,10815932,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gim-Spook-ick,"I absolutely love this game. A friend and I picked this game up on a flash sale, and loved it so much that we told our other friends to buy it. The game is a lot of fun. I have not played the first Sanctum so I am not able to compare the two of them, but I found the perk system and secondary weapon system to be just fine. The number of playable characters is fine as well. I can only think of one minor complaint that I have that isn't really a complaint. I'm just knit-picking the fact that the dlc characer seems to be a low quality model in compairison to the rest of the playable characters."
76561198046795259,Recommended,210770,10818004,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HowGoodThingsAre,"Great for those who love tower defense. I hadn't seriously played an FPS since Goldeneye, so that aspect took some getting used to again. The idea is that you build your towers (a la classic tower defense), and then when the waves start arriving, you go into shooter mode, and shoot the same baddies your towers are designed to take down."
76561198016280546,Recommended,210770,30480200,Posted: 12 March,all,Harry,"Sanctum 2 blurs the genres of Tower Defence and First Person Shooter. Best played with friends, the game alternates between a build pase (for building towers and a maze) and the fighting phase where the FPS part of the game takes over. Sanctum is full of surprises from start to finish. Just as you get comfortable that you've got a decent strategy, the game throws you a curveball and forces you to think on your feet. This progresses from the start of the game right up to the end of the DLC missions. You'll never decide on a set strategy for every level, you'll constantly have to adapt the situation. This, combined with steadily unlocking new powers, new weapons, and new character perks as you go keeps Sanctum 2 constantly expanding. After completing the main quest, redoing the missions on what is essentially hard mode provides an excellent challenge. From there, there's the survival leaderboards.Sanctum 2 is the kind of game that can eat hundreds of hours of your time. One of the best Steam purchases I ever made."
76561198102882369,Recommended,210770,10808608,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Krylar,"I very much enjoy playing this game. Although as with all online games you get some kids who grief your gaming experience, the community is pretty good and i got alot of help/advice from higher level players.It deliverys exactly what it promises and scales well with 'feats of strength' to empower your enemies so that high level and well skilled players still find a good challenging experience.If you are looking for a shooter heavy game the lack of customisability might put you off, but for a casual hybrid game i think this is a great game and well worth buying"
76561198029344348,Recommended,210770,10809774,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,fechex_dj,"Sanctum 2 is the sequel to the world’s first Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game. Pick from four unique character classes and embark on a mission to protect the oxygen-producing Cores from hordes of deadly aliens who are threatened by their existence. Outfit your character exactly the way you want through the new and extensive customization system. Choose your own loadout of towers, weapons and perks, but choose wisely because you are humanity’s last defense against the unrelenting hordes set out to destroy it.Sanctum 2 is a new game completely rebuilt from the ground up using community feedback and innovative design to really push the bar of what an independent studio can do."
76561198076200446,Recommended,210770,8416206,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hilitai671,"Wow, thiis Game is actually legitimate fun, ive only been playing it for about an hour, and im having a blast with all the gameplay mechanics, and ive still yet to unlock the rest of the guns and perks and other content.Sanctum 2 is a firstperson shooter mixed in with tower defense mechanics. It sounds like its gonna be messy, but the way its excuted is very smooth and makes sense. You begin by choosin your charater, a loadout, the towers you wanna build that round, and a few other options to enhance the game and bring diversity to the match. Then, you start the mach with resources to build your towers, lay down walls to divert the enemies route, and time to figure out what to do. the match begins, and  you just go to town with your loadout. The weapons are pretty diverse, and i enjoyed how there's a primary and secondary shot to all of them. Another interesting thing they did to kind of keep the action pumping, is when you need to reload, you can just switch instantly to you secondary weapon, burn all your ammo, and switch back with another full Mag in you primary weapon, making it very easy to just continually lay down the hate on your enemies.Speaking of enemies, ive seen about 4 or 5 differnt kinds, and they all bring a little challenge to the map. And, if having standard enemies isn't enough, you can gain more experience by choosing to enhance your enemies' strength, durability, speed, etc. This is a nice touch that brings a little bit opf replay value and challenge when you might feel like testing your trigger finger.All in all, im having fun playing this well-made hybrid. The towers are upgradeable, and diverse and functionable, the maps are just as ranged in their layout, and the FPS portion of the game have tight controls and mechanics. My only complaint would have to be the weak Story.....honestly thers not really a story at all, just comic drawn cutscenes to go from map to map. And the character models look whack noit gonna lie. But, when you're actually playing a stage, the characters seem to be more detailed and look better than when in the transition screens.If you are not gonna play this game with ny buddies, than you're losing out on a great experience, lack of a solid story for campaign mode is made up almost singlehandidly by the amount of fun you have WITH FRIENDS! So if you get this game, i encourage you to just hop into a match, and have fun! People are friendly and want to play with others here on Steam!Pros:-Good game mechanics, and combining the Tower defense with FPS genre-Diverse content to keep you playing and challengin yourself to come back for more-Sound effects are well made-Multiplayer is a blast!Con:-Singleplayer campaign is DEFINITELY not the draw of this game, theres pretty much no story to it-Character models in bwetween games are pretty crappily made-Could use a little more enemy diversity"
,Recommended,210770,8416465,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,rumor5009,rts and shooter
,Recommended,210770,8438722,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ultra,"If you liked Sanctum 1, this improves on that game greatly. It's really fun."
76561198106559359,Recommended,210770,8403486,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,"Shaq, King of Sports",AMAZING one of the best games I've ever played
76561198040920482,Recommended,210770,8360304,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,friis.88,Stabilt!
,Recommended,210770,8365715,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jalookah,"The greatest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mix of wave-based, tower defense, and first-person shooter you'll find. Absolutely phenomonal co-op game play, and considerably a must-buy game when the event of a sale occurs. Great for those tight-knit, group-of-four type gamers that enjoy a good LAN party with friends.Campaign and storyline /could be better./ But hell, how much story do you expect to get out of a Tower Defense?7/10"
,Recommended,210770,8365918,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Amievil,Tower defence em primeira pessoa. Bem divertido.Valeu muito a pena.Pena que nao tem BRs nos servers (ou isso seria bom?)
76561198009698423,Recommended,210770,8349993,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,RyTech,"Not very optimised,having framerate issues,fun to play but faults let it down"
,Recommended,210770,8351782,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lepou,good game
,Not Recommended,210770,8354389,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,UncertainZero,I loved the first Sanctum and thought for sure the second edition to the game would only be better. Unfortunately the game designers minimized the tower defense aspect of Sanctum 2 to the point where I'd rather just go play a first person shooter. Buy the first game instead of this one.
,Recommended,210770,7499820,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Bob Ross,"I, unlike my friends, was a pretty big fan of the first game.  It was a fun mix of FPS and tower defense.  i'm happy to see they took the first game and improved upon it."
,Recommended,210770,8358196,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Furlock O'Donnell,"Sanctum 2 is a wonderfully fun blend of tower defense and first-person shooter.  Sequel to Sanctum, the first to blend the two genres, it improves on nearly every aspect of its predecessor, refining mechanics and polishing what already worked until the entire end result shines like the sparkling gem of a game that it is.  With content-packed DLC that you won't want to miss, and a loving studio behind it, Sanctum 2 is a game that you should definitely pick up if you are a fan of tower defense."
76561198007101447,Recommended,210770,8359111,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ibanezfreak,"Well made and really fun hybrid fps/strategy game! If you're into tower defense games and also like first person shooters, this game is definitely for you!  Only wish they had more characters and upgrades to choose from so as to vary the playstyles. Perhaps Sanctum 3? :)"
76561198027931146,Recommended,210770,8333057,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Man with a Stick,"Incredibly fun. That feeling of setting up a godly Violator in conjunction with Satan's Penetrator, and simply KILLING EVERYTHING EVER is magic. But 1 thing that's even better is suffering the most difficult round with the dumbest perks and then WINNING WITH NO CORE DAMAGE.Simply put; yes, I recommend this game."
76561198016342447,Recommended,210770,8334591,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CannonFodder,Best game of the year
76561197972842041,Recommended,210770,8335102,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Putty Skywalker,best fps tower defence game ever
,Recommended,210770,7069805,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,joeknex,It is just cooool
,Recommended,210770,8337521,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Alek,"This game mix tower defense with my favorite gender: FPS, and the results are amazing! Beautiful grafics, awesome gameplay, really challenging, with a variety of weapons, towers and enemies, and its much more fun with friends. I totally recomend this game."
76561198060347001,Recommended,210770,8668871,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,niketas,"good fun game but does get boring if you play this own your own or with strangers, the level up system is a good idea but, for me atleast, seems a little tacked on. other than that they made a lot of improvements since the first game to make it smoother to play, servers were vastly improved since the first one(virtually unplayable in multiplayer before).at the end of the day though, hats off to the guys at coffee stain studios, they have a good game here."
76561198039272678,Recommended,210770,8536193,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,René Descartes,"Im not sure why all of the hating on this game, gotta say, i think its the s***!"
,Recommended,210770,9804574,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,今より永遠の自由,Nagyon megérte a pénzét!!
,Recommended,210770,9804607,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Spiderwizard,awsome
,Recommended,210770,9804625,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Rarewolf,"Giant bugs, Big O blasters.with a bit of strategy put into it.thats something that i really like about the game. it was fresh and advancing through the game was about how well you could strategize.its not all about running and gunning.Its a SmartShooter."
76561197998144044,Not Recommended,210770,9805575,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Aquonn,"Where do I begin... This game is nothing like the original Sanctum at all. I played only 20 mins of this game because it sucked. I only got this game because it was on sale for $1.49 and I had some money I made off trading cards. The original Sanctum was a refreshing and enjoyable experience, this is a sleezy FPS with a couple of turrets that make the game even more pointless. I don't particually want to play Sanctum 2 again unless i'm bored as hell. Don't buy the game unless it's on sale or your really curious. My final verdict is 1.5/10, play the freaking original instead."
76561197988090446,Recommended,210770,9807184,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Brigante,"If you are thinking ""Oh, another banal Tower Defense"", well, you are wrong. I am not myself a fan of Tower Defense games, but Sanctum 2 is another story.Very intriguing, it is a real pleasure to play.Consider it!"
76561198060487068,Recommended,210770,9807203,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dio Brando,"Very nice game, at first fun, at second MORE fun in coop with friends! 9/10"
,Recommended,210770,9807286,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,PhoenixFangor,"Sanctum 2 is a cross between tower-defense and FPS.  It's also coop, which I love."
,Recommended,210770,9807342,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,suck a lemon,This game is streat up badass its kicking♥♥♥♥♥for me!
,Recommended,210770,9807620,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,KristoFIRE,Awesome game! Nice for coop too!
76561198132209958,Recommended,210770,9807731,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Tarpinchacha,"A bit skeptical on the principle itself (FPS/Tower defense) but I figured for less than 2€, why not...Verdict: Pleasantly surprised ! It's fun, dynamic and addictive. Well, let's say the multplayer is, the few times I played solo were a bit boring. I don't have a lot to say except you still have 2h to buy it for 1.39€ and you should not think twice about it. Now, if it was at its original price, would I buy it? Not sure... But the fact that I doubt about it after having played is a good sign ;)"
76561198066266929,Recommended,210770,9808046,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,SkinnyFitBlackJeans,"its a pretty good game ...might get a little frustrating sometimes but its a pretty great , plus its really cheap to buy right now and also very worthwile to buy all the dlc ;)"
76561198025166431,Recommended,210770,9808160,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Pegleg,"This game is very addicting, and has a lot of replayability. I bought it while it was on sale and my friend did as well, playing with a friend makes it a lot easier, and a lot funner. The main thing that adds to the replayability is that you can go back and play as the other characters on diiferent levels, to see if you can do better, I highly recommend buying this and at least one of the dlc."
,Recommended,210770,9808215,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,The Real Jacksepticeye,this is one of the most fun games i have played in a while. But it is most fun if you play it in multiplayer
,Recommended,210770,9808689,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Mythic,I just picked up this game and I'm already enjoying it. FPS and Tower Defence mixed up in one game? Absolute perfection. It gives the player a chance to take out enemies themselves rather than sitting there in sheer boredum and watching the towers do it all.
76561198114342370,Not Recommended,210770,9798161,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mowm_Sayn,"It will not let le launch the game is opens it saying ""preparing to launch"" than just closes. Why is this?"
,Recommended,210770,9789314,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Swift_OwL,"♥♥♥♥♥this game is on sale, fun♥♥♥♥♥game, got a bunch of hours into it. ITs a fps tower defense game. The fps is on point, leveling up is not a grind. Fun in single player too. Get this you wont regret it. Now that is 1.49 you have no excuss. Buy this game and enjoy. So many great games out there, and gamers are not getting a chance to enjoy them. Its the type of game we wish someone made. Now that its made no one buys/plays it."
76561198045450478,Recommended,210770,9789505,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Laco,I love it!
,Recommended,210770,9789805,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,IAIFANKFAW,10/10 would insert rectally.
,Recommended,210770,9790481,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Spaghetti on Your Overalls,"This game is amazing, especially if you snag it on one of its sales. The only draw back is if you don't have any friends to play it with it can be somewhat lonely. Other than that great game, without a doubt buy it if you love the idea of a tower defence/ fps hybrid or you can get a nice deal on it."
,Recommended,210770,9790502,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,オビ,"I'm mixed on this, in some aspects it's fun to shoot at stuff, but when they limit the number of towers you can build and the type of towers you can use, it makes it less fun to play."
,Recommended,210770,9168318,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Kiash,"Amazing TD game. Involves the role of your towers defending the core, but also you can participate in the fight too. Controlling  1 of 4 (or 5 if you have Road to Elyson DLC) you can use their special talents to build the best defence to fight the Loom threat and finish your mission. It is quite an amazing TD FPS clash."
,Recommended,210770,9170061,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Muiramas,"Probably the most fun game I have played with friends thus far, It is rewarding as it is super fun  good for anybody who likes a stress free challenge <3"
76561198113157345,Recommended,210770,9170152,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,SirFroggie,"I think that this game is one of the best games i have even if it laggs on my computer. You should get it, it is exelant!"
76561198068286159,Recommended,210770,9155817,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,The Pretender,Just good fun and really enjoyable
76561198067790859,Recommended,210770,9162795,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Zennim,"great game, fps gameplay with a great demand of strategy and with a preatty cool customization of your assets, wich inclue guns, perks and turretz. You can find issues with the players of the multiplayer but even than everything work just fine, is a good multiplayer, i still didn't see a crash and just a few glichs who don't interfere on the gameplay nor the difficult and neither provoque frustation. i highly recomend. 8/10 with a seal ""worth much more than the actual price"""
76561198056111422,Recommended,210770,9177887,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Quikcksilver,I found Sanctum 2 to be an amazing game that blends it's elements of FPS and Tower Defence seemlessly into one game. Anyone who has played tower defence and FPS games has a great head start in skill level but at the same time those new to either or both genres will not be left frustrated as the difficulty curve isn't too extreme and the game starts relatively easily. I would absolutely recommend this game to both FPS and Tower defence players of all skill levels and think that it's standard price is a bargain for the quality and quantty of ontent that you get. I would also recommend getting the expansion that contains a new character and doubles the length of the campaign as it allows you to face new challenges as well as new maps. 10/10 from me.
76561198066961940,Recommended,210770,9231060,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kiwi,"This is a very intense, fast paced first person shooter tower defense game. The graphics are pretty good for the price and this game will provide you hours of entertainment. Quite difficult halfway through the game but is very fun with friends. Replayability is about a 6-7 out of 10. Needs more content is the only downside to this game"
76561198026422137,Recommended,210770,9612197,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,shadowforger11,"Tower Defence is one of my favorite genres, but I have always hated how in some TD's no matter how well you upgrade, you can go no further. The Sanctum games have created the perfect solution! Now instead of watching my death come, I can face it guns blazing, baby! Time to RAGNAROCK-N'-ROLL"
76561198044841242,Recommended,210770,9614241,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Viking-jesus,"Dose not compasint for sigle player, but very fun with mates"
76561198039364415,Recommended,210770,4582810,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Arpwnian,"This is more of a re-launch of the game Sanctum, which is one of my favorite games of all time.  This time around the aliens aren't pulling punches - meaning they will slap you silly if you get too close.  With a newly designed maze building system and several new mechanics - not to mention new characters - Sanctum 2 is a delightful look into a darker, more story-driven future in which you and your towers are all that stand between humanity and utter destruction!"
76561198091285812,Recommended,210770,10029841,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Pumpkinface,great game a lot of secrets
,Recommended,210770,9810706,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,sf | tyL,Got it for $1.49 not bad for its price at all
76561197975126621,Recommended,210770,9814372,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Cazamus,"Sanctum 2 is a game that combines two of my loves, FPSRPG's, and Tower Defence. You have a choice of 4 interchangable characters that you can customize to your playstye, and each character really does have a unique feel to them. Your EXP is shared across your characters, so you don't have to grind each one. Single player and multi also use the same exp pool, so you can interchange without having to grind between those playthroughs as well.The gameplay is pretty straightforward, each round you get a small amount of time to add towers; when the round starts you control your character, giving you the ability to target individual creatures while your towers attack everything. The creatures make their way to a crystal, where they will attack until the crystal dies, or you kill the creatures.So with that description of the game, does it accomplish the task of making a fun FPS/TD? Yes, the gameplay is pretty seamless, with various customizations keeping it fresh, rather than forcing you to use one gun, and one tower setup for each level (Assault rifle's and cannon towers come to mind). Levels are not all the same, and its enough variation in creatures that it doesn't start to feel samey. The cons are that some levels are relentlessly hard, almost impossible to solo, and you never get the feeling of being overpowered (who doesn't like going back to frustrating levels as a god of death to seek vengence for earlier slights?)The final thing I should mention about Sanctum 2 is the online community. To keep it short, I have yet to experience a better one. Not much else to say about it, but I decided to try multiplayer and I have been sticking to it since, it really is a fun community."
,Recommended,210770,9498654,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,★Nebula.4,"Sanctum 2 improves on the first Sanctum in almost every way, including its robust leveling system and perks, its improved turret management, its visual style, and its customization. Awkward resource handling in co-op and overused boss models detract only a little from the fun of the whole.Whereas the first Sanctum is a fun little oddity that brought some new ideas to the tower-defense genre, this sequel's a tightly paced adventure that builds on them and maintains its momentum to the very end."
76561197983278516,Recommended,210770,9817054,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,JuiceboxHero,"Great, fun tower game.  Love the FPS aspect and ability to customize according to your play style.  Worth your money."
,Recommended,210770,9819746,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Jiwuuvuf,"Love this game, got it when it was 90% off and it was totally worth it."
76561198046841453,Recommended,210770,9820254,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,XxArizenxX,"Tower Defense meets FPS, I love it!"
,Recommended,210770,9820804,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SnKCoffee,I started playing this game with no real expectations. It actually is pretty good.
76561198009037520,Recommended,210770,9820933,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,GreenEggsAndSam,Brilliant combination of tower defense and first person shoter based games.
76561198058035322,Recommended,210770,9821304,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,XenoCryptic,If you like tower defenses and FPS games then this will probably be one of your favorite games! :D
,Recommended,210770,8176680,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Gh0ssT,One of the best FPS Tower Defense hybrids out there!
,Recommended,210770,2893976,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,MixMasterMaple,This game improves upon everything wrong with the first game and feels more like a polished and solid shooter. Fans of the original will love it.
76561198013218214,Recommended,210770,8180712,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,eddie,"""Nice game, like the first, but better. Less tower clutter, meaning less demands on system requirements and smoother running.   Feels more like the towers are assisting the player now, rather than the player assisting the towers in the first game. Gameplay is more user friendly on the whole with lower base structures giving better player manouverability across the maps and more pace. Good challenging play with higher difficulties. Artwork for characters,weaponry, towers and enemies is an extension from the first game and, overall improved, and quite unique. Cool music and sfx, suitable for the games style. Good job from the team at Coffee Stain Studios."""
76561197977255440,Recommended,210770,8211949,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,COleg [KTAC],Hours of Fun. The best of Tower Defence and FPS!
,Recommended,210770,8224815,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,BooniMC,Great towerdefense with a varity of difficulty ldevels
76561198044718192,Recommended,210770,8227430,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Athanatosti,"The FPS/TD hybrid is a great idea and very well done, you should give this game a try!more fun with friends!"
,Recommended,210770,8230579,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TurmoilX,"A great hybrid of FPS and tower defense. Enjoyable playing solo but even more fun in co-op, of course. Each player is limited to 4 choosable towers at a time, so when adding players you can increase the possible build-out to 8, 12, or 16. The dificulty scales as well when playing co-op so it adds to the challenge."
,Recommended,210770,8370763,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SaiTorr,"Sanctum 2 is an FPS / Tower Defense Hybrid. You're given several maps across a campaign that allow you to build a course for enemies to follow as your turrets mow them down. What makes the experience even more exciting is the fact that you can be on the battlefield as the action goes down and contribute to the assault. The maps usually vary in layout, and several mods / perks mix up your experience every game. Play it in Co-op mode for an even more epic experience! Only drawbacks are that the campaign eventually becomes a little too dificult for single-player, and the 'story' is told in loading screen comic strips and can't do anything more to make you instantly uninterested. Totally worth the buy for it's price! 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,3961667,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Gofastmike,the sequal to the greatest first-person shooter/tower defence game that ever existed
76561198016757243,Recommended,210770,7988303,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,CJ4KILL,GREAT tower defence/FPS gameeven better for CO OP
76561198037113918,Recommended,210770,10234962,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Cronos,"This game is a fantastic take between a FPS and a Tower Defense, there's lots of perks, towers, and guns to choose from, plenty of levels, and ways to vary the difficulties. I can't imagine a company mixing these 2 game styles together any better then what was done for this. The only thing I'd like to see is more levels, and if possible the ability to customize guns, but that's just coming from someone spoiled in so many other games. Either way, fantastic game, a definite must buy."
,Not Recommended,210770,10263377,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MangaMaD,"Distinctly mediocreMost of the characters are useless, as are most of the turrets gets tedious fast as later the enemies are seriousy overpowered compared to what you can throw at them.Ok co-op but personally unless its really cheap and u want to waste a few hours with a friend i wouldnt bother"
,Recommended,210770,10242460,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,hodot,"Game is a lot more intuitive and difficult than the first, and a hella lot more fun. I definitely reccommend."
,Recommended,210770,10252956,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Matt,good game
,Recommended,210770,10174798,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Pogosama,"Amazingly solid game, color me impressed.  Fantastic art style.  I'd buy an art book of this one."
,Recommended,210770,9903069,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Jack,great game. Get it on sale and for your friends too
76561198034628417,Recommended,210770,9913435,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,I don't even care,"Great game, had fun playing as the rouge-like character with the ballista and doing insane damage. Towers feel underpowered early on but get way better when upgraded. This game has a lot of mechanics that you have to perform in order to do well, a certain list that needs to be checked off one by one; who to kill first, where to place certain towers and where to send the lumes to. The limited of amount of wall segments and placement makes the game challenging but by like third wave you'll have enough wall segements to do a lot of crazy mazes.The suprises at every map get me sometimes and I like that, i don't like playing a td game that i can like instant kill stuff at a certain points or when it just becomes a grind. I like when a game breaks its foundations a little with bosses being able to break your stuff makes you think on your feet to survive, It's epic in that way. The story is a little lacking in the beginning, I lack the context I need that I presume the first game gave us? Maybe like a short recap? Because i went into this without evening know what I was fighting or why, but I began to piece together the story mission after mission.The fact that you can roam outside of the map for stuff like mines and some hidden stuff is just so much fun. I love when developers put some tiny details like that, when most people would never be curious enough to try explore the map a bit. The leveling up system paces you as progress with new guns, perks and towers. Level design is brilliant and indepth and the difficulty in each map is good enough for me. You can make it harder with like handicaps and enemy buffs which in turn give you more experience to level up.You can play with three other people which makes this game that much better, along with plenty of dlc content too. I will probably be beating this game through to end."
,Recommended,210770,9914438,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,JustinQ7,"This game is really worth playing, and its a great multiplayer9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,210770,9909865,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,FruitLoops!,"The games sucks....I was hoping if it was going to be great I really regretted buying Sanctum 2.Note to everyone if u like FPS shooter games do not buy this,this will ruin your fun."
,Recommended,210770,6097079,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,NeverKnowsBest,"Do you like Halo Firefight? Do you like Bloons Tower Defense? Well, then you'll love Sanctum 2! It's the sequel to the world's first Tower Defense/FPS, and it's only £12! Bargain!"
,Recommended,210770,9944207,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,place tower kill ♥♥♥♥ers
76561198045318803,Recommended,210770,5124455,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,TheGunWizard,XD pampam avaruusolioita pam pam
,Recommended,210770,10032244,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Brother Issobus,First-person tower defence game? YES PLEASE!
76561198120415726,Recommended,210770,10036236,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,NeonFun#,"Pretty cool game! Not really any problem, fun and addicting! I recommend it!"
76561198013044301,Recommended,210770,10068877,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,dynamicgrimking,"this game is really good. if your reading this and dont already own the game, stop reading this and buy the game already."
76561198072487755,Recommended,210770,10072525,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Berryhead,sanctum 2 is the best future action packed first person shooter i have ever played . it has real good graphics to it as well as the monsters which are very  creative in there own attacks and what they look like . i am gonna give this a thumbs up beacause of what you can do can do it anywhere you like
76561198078474051,Recommended,210770,10078125,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,sac,great game awsome if you like tower defense i like how it add fps to it really fun
76561198066694659,Recommended,210770,10006159,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Cyneir,Strawberry FishI need to say nothing else
76561198031859395,Recommended,210770,9865043,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,AxelJ,"Sanctum 2 is another Tower Defense game but it throws in some FPS action too. Witch is awsome. It has a great variety....of everything! Tons of Weapons, 4 Classes (you have to puchase one ..dont go for it not very good), Perks, Enemies , towers and even levels. The level desings get more complicated as you go meaning tath playing solo is a huge challange get a few friends to play this and its crazy fun. You can put a lot of time into this and its still crazy fun replaying these levels."
76561198039735138,Recommended,210770,9867393,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,VARG-TRUMP,really addictive
,Recommended,210770,9791593,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Setesh,"I was very dissapointed with this game at first because I expected it to be like the first one.  They took a different tack this time around.  After more play time I have grown to like it a lot.  The key is that Sanctum 2 is meant to be played with multiple people.  In the later levels you really need 3-4 players to keep a handle on all corners of the map.  They really should have given some kind of walkthrough to tell you why they moved your cheese and where they put it.  I have friends that hate the game because they got frustrated with it right from the beginning, just like I did.  A short walktrhough could have helped that.  As long as you accept that you need to play coop, will have to wait to unlock weapons and upgrades until you have earned them, and can put up with the match making problems this is a pretty good game."
76561198024558655,Recommended,210770,9888972,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Brood Lord,8/10 A good mix of tower defence and FPS. It combines tactical aspects of the tower defence (Things like flow control and tower placement) with the action choices of any FPS (Various Loadouts). This combination does prove very entertaining and fun
76561198044148404,Recommended,210770,9890190,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,philtonium,"I received this fps-tdf game just over nine months ago. Since then (and since buying all the dlc) it has provided me with 56 hours of decent gameplay over which I've had to change playstyles at least a dozen times, in beautiful, varied maps and with a complete disregard for any real need for a storyline. At the time of writing I have only just completed all of the 32 stages (on the normal difficulty!) and I know that there will be hours more gameplay in the future trying to get the rest of the achievements =P"
,Recommended,210770,9891841,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,CaterPillar,Love this game
,Recommended,210770,9925189,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Captain Flynn,11/10 Its Coffee Stain's best game yet.
76561198071052292,Recommended,210770,9443818,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mediocre scuff,"Meh, that can sum up this game. I bought it for $2.25 which I think was probably a good price for this game. It's not a great game, but it's not really bad. With good internet connection and friends to play with it could be great fun."
76561198063029812,Recommended,210770,9444450,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Gswizzle,Its a good strats game with the DLCs is awesoem and a fun game to test stuff in. Friends and I play with it a lot its a good team bilding game and requires a lot of team work. If not with friends still its awesome sandbox is fun to. xD
,Recommended,210770,9539122,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Xiandrian,This is by far the best tower defense fps multiplayer game :DBut the thing is .-. you do want to be sure you don't partner up with the morons who don't even know how to make a maze xD ... and it's a game where you don't have to stress out too much xD because there are other players in here too that are willing to help :3 the graphics are insane tho :o it's like.. holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is beautiful ... so get the game and have fun with it when you still can :D ( and when there are a lot more players )
76561198034456206,Recommended,210770,9401732,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Wafflemelon,With friends this game is a blast!
76561198081204431,Recommended,210770,9404962,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,piemanx12,great game to play with friends
,Recommended,210770,9405063,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,xLucid,One of the coolest games out there.  FPS + Tower Defense = Awesome  (φΘ__Θφ)
,Recommended,210770,9443084,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Poonder,Walking stick♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Big uncut♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that ejaculate on everything.  Flying Andre the Giant faces.  This game has everything!
,Recommended,210770,9421944,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,TheDaftestPunk,"Awesom game. Im addicted. Make sure you have a good enouf graphics card, i dont and it makes the water and sky all glitchy."
,Recommended,210770,9422636,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,☢ dikosz,Great tower defense game!
76561198036735214,Recommended,210770,9076388,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jehrokc,"fun (with a little ""f""), fills either a tower defense urge or an fps urge. The only real difficulty is that it becomes rather predictable over time. Having extra levels over the first Definitely helps, but the fundementals are all the same. It's terrific but fades quickly into humdrum. Like any TD game, play it during your break then put it down. It's best injoyed in sips rather than gulps."
,Recommended,210770,9079967,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KippLeKipp,Funny Accent Simulator 2014
,Recommended,210770,9080911,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mihon,"Tower defense stragtegy comes in all shapes and forms now-a-days. What Sanctum 2 has done is to mix things up with 1st-person shooter and tower defense games.Making it both and intense and worth battleing on while the towers helps you win against the most long-lived beasts! Sanctum 2 is a team game but you can play solo. My experience however has been very pleasent with laughs and yelling while playing the co-op mode with my friends. I wouldn't say that its for everyone, its easily to learn and you can play in it diffrent modes and challanges to get things more interesting. Throughout the gaming experience of the second game in the series (I have not played the first one) its been fun and possitive from mine and my friends view. If you feel like a game that has some stragey  challanges and teamwork, then go-a-head and give Sanctum 2 a try."
,Recommended,210770,9092242,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,beckerist,"Awesome 4 player coop, tons of strategy required. Great game with friends, though not so much alone...I will play this whenever anyone wants. I might even have a copy or three to gift if you ask politely!"
,Recommended,210770,9093084,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,♥ Eren Erakhard ♥,"TL;DR version: This game is frickin' beautiful. Go ahead and play it, if not for the sheer beauty alone.In-Depth version: This game is frickin' beautiful. It's graphics are unbelievably stunning for such an Indie game. Every scene is beautifully crafted to be asthetically pleasing, but not distracting or too in-your-face.Although, good graphics don't make a good game. But Sanctum 2 doesn't have to worry too much about anything else. The gameplay is smooth and fast, going from building/upgrading towers to fighting the vicious Lumes and defending the core.There's something strangely satisfying about seeing a giant alien get blown apart by a shotgun blast at point-blank. With explosions in the background. The weapons range in S2 are amazingly fun to combine and shoot. From giant frickin' shotguns to electro-Tesla cannons to frickin' rockets, this game has all of your wont and destruction needs covered.However, don't plan on coasting through this game by yourself. It's dangerous to go alone. Literally, it's pretty tough to beat a level with only one player, so do plan for near-mandatory online matches.All in all, this is a great game. The first was a masterpiece, and this one is no different. Besides a very difficult single-player campaign, Sanctum 2 ranks pretty high in all parts. Do get yourself a copy, and your friends. You'll need them."
,Recommended,210770,9095426,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Phoenix Trite,"In reality, a good 7/10. But since it has text to speech, it gets a 10/10. JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN"
,Recommended,210770,9096535,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Killer Kadoogan,"Absolutley awful solo, absolutley amazing with friends. Buy the 4 Pack."
,Recommended,210770,2692345,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,RattyRyan,"It's good! Very, very, very good! All that was great from Sanctum 1 is still here, and some new great stuff was added. Hats down to a brilliant sequal. I can see many hours of enjoyment ahead."
,Recommended,210770,9210460,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,VorticonBongripper,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥great, really great, i mean i can't possibly recommend this enough, this is the quintessential goodshit lollipop, you want a game? a game with turrets AND freakin crossbows!? goddamn is this your game, you'll play this for at least 3 minutes with your hair standing straight up, pure adrenaline, i mean just look at it, 3 goddamn minutes of absolute joy, pure bliss, how can you even price that, for the low investment of 1 taco bell mexican pizza you can change the way you look at vidya forever.smoothe framerate? check, sick♥♥♥♥♥unreal engine graphics? check, wicked freakin' fps action? check, FLOATING DAMAGE NUMBERS!? hella check, complete lack of balance and fun and any reason to play beyond utter and absolute mockery? check. mate. mouse off the maximum carnage limited edition fedora on amazon and with great haste hit up steam for this can't miss gaming opportunity"
,Recommended,210770,9187729,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Prince of NepNep,Builds upon the original in a more challenging and more customizable way.
,Recommended,210770,9194077,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,baileyallen13,"Actually a great game, haven't played this anywhere near as much as i want to! :)"
,Not Recommended,210770,7083202,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Zap,"The first time i reviewed this game was a year ago. In that review, i said it was fun and addicting. Fast forward a month and a year later, and it's now broken and abandoned. How you ask? Broken as in you can't play any of the last DLC maps without crashing. And you might be thinking, ""Oh, they'll fix it soon, right?"" Nope. It's been a bug for almost a year now. And they have ignored it. Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,210770,11336452,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DoggleButt,one of the best examples of shooter meats tower defence i can think of
,Recommended,210770,30484117,Posted: 12 March,all,M16man66,"Extremely fun game to play with friends, mediocre game otherwise. The difference is really night and day, and having a friend to play with makes this game one of my favorite co-op games of all times."
,Recommended,210770,11423285,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[ Insert Meme ],let me get this stairight sanctum is a staragy game so is you no like turn back1.the visuals are great2.great classes3.bosses and level so packed it will take you 47+ hours to finish with 4 peoplemanyley i say stop reading stop thinking buy this gameyouel be happy when you do.
01001001011001011,Recommended,210770,11429302,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Legolas,"That'll do pig, that'll do."
76561198118119971,Recommended,210770,11807479,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,MaceDaGod,hey i just have a question for u i downloaded the season pass n none of the maps r working?
76561198140296586,Recommended,210770,11811323,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,B_SIMZY,this is a good game adictive and a good laugh it reminds me of baloon tower defence
76561198123750907,Recommended,210770,11289751,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,EyesHerEndHer,"I never played the original Sanctum, but I highly enjoyed Sanctum 2.  I love the idea of combining the tower defense system with the first person shooter genre.  There are loads if mini games and achivements to unlock by exploring the huge environments.  The game play is well designed.  Some of the last levels (if you have the DLC) can be difficult to beat on a solo mission, so find some friends and start shooting some aliens.I think that they did an excellent job with this game for the price.  It is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,210770,11294364,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Banjo Kaboom,"Definitely a fun multiplayer FPS strategy tower defense game, but it does get tedious and repetitive after a while. The concept doesn't change, but you do play much harder levels and you unlock more equipment and better towers as the story rolls on."
76561197970426561,Recommended,210770,11785853,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Twelvepak,Great Co-op Fun.  I don't recommend it for single player.
,Recommended,210770,11785925,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,slugrider,"Great game. I find the FPS aspect of it is quite wonderful, especally exploring little hidden places (theres not loads but they are such fun to find!). As a tower defense game its alot of fun, as a fps it still plays okay, there are alot of ways to mix perks to make some epic combos with your weapons. 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,210770,11786333,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Drake Skaletta,ok what can i say about this fun game... ok so it's a tower defence and first person put together in a well balaced way. you get a limited amount of turrets to place and it differs in each place. and also there are four playable caracters and they all have some sort of specialty (like the one i love to use sets enamies on fire no matter what gun i'm using). there are lots of cool things in this game and i at least recommend for you to try it.
,Recommended,210770,11786665,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Taku,Love it <3
,Recommended,210770,11786994,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,IronTooch,"So this game is really awesome, and I had never heard of it before. It plays pretty similar to Orcs Must Die, but I think I enjoy this game better :)"
,Recommended,210770,11787759,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,atraeju,Great Concept awesome Graphics and cool gameplay almost perfect
76561198077049682,Recommended,210770,11735162,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Wraith,"First let me quickly get the negative out of the way, and its only a very small nit picking negative. the characters. oh my lord the characters. it felt like they tried to take borderlands kinda style, failed with it and created boring emo-looking characters. which is fine. i like the emo look, but on 1 character. im not usually one to complain about the graphics or art of something (or in this case, character design), but these just felt like try-hard copies of whats been done. the look is so try hard i honestly felt embarrassed in the first comic scene.however, once you get past that, its seriously a great game. im not too far in the game, so i cant speak for humour, but there is definately room for some jokes in the game, but since its a tower defence game, ill just get to what you really wanna know. no one really cares much for story or talk in a tower defence game.The gameplay is sweet. its smooth, and its varied. while the different classes try to force you to reply on multiplayer, it leaves enough room for you to easily solo max difficulty levels with a little skill and strategy. i use easily as a relative term as it depends on the strategy but the most important thing, is that its possible. no one ones a single player viable game that is unbeatable on your own.Having multiple classes simply adds to this strategy. gonna let runners leak? get a perk that kills them instantly and focus on a heavy class. gonna focus on the small guys? get high dmg tower to clean up the big guys. and each class has its own respective strategy to solo, which is really just beautiful in a game like this.Dont get me wrong, it doesnt mean its always going to be easy through all the levels, its just nice to have single player hope.Now the perspective. The first person view changes everything. you can now change your play style accordingly. there are high hp guys that jump at you. you can bait them to buy your towers time buy baiting his jump out. however at the same time, he may jump your walls if you play incorrectly, so it adds that bit more strategy.As you could probably tell, i love strategy in a game and this game, has had enough thought put into it to make it playable in many ways and still succeed. in a regular tower defence game, there is really only 1 option, have towers slow the enemies, maze them through the slows with high dmg/range towers hitting them the whole way through. mind numbing. the class system that initially seems to be limiting only opens you up for different strategies. its actually genius.As a Tower Defence game, definately at least at 8. i give it a 9. as a game in general, probably alot more mediocre. but it feels wrong to mix different genres as some do. you cant compare a closed world like this where you can see the whole map from one spot to a game that you have alot more freedom in. They are completely different and should be treated as such. Definite 9."
76561198046753317,Recommended,210770,11788745,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Dr. Surgeon,"really good tower defesnse game, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,210770,11788972,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Ishmael Michaels,"Hero & Tower Defence in one, I love the game and highly recommend it to anyone who is remotely interested in either of the two defences. Has the Usual, Fast & Week, Slow & Strong mobs, will keep you entertained."
,Recommended,210770,11789179,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Shitpost McDadjoke,Great game to play with a group of people. Really enjoyed it. I was happy with what I got and I paid full price. My mates paid less than $4 for it on sale and they got an absolute bargain.
,Recommended,210770,11792911,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Shadowz G Clayderman,"Great game, especially when playing with friends, give it a try.. it's worth it, it is not a blind fps game where the person who got a good reflex wins, it's about teamwork and everyone got a unique role."
,Recommended,210770,9838455,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,D i b s,A nice TD game with a FPS aspect to it.
,Recommended,210770,9560108,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Bosspferd,"Like super fun.If you´re into TD and/or FPS and co-op action, this is your game.Be sure to tune in some nightcore while playing, to add those extra 20% coolnes."
,Recommended,210770,9601069,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Gunslinger,"Good for what it is. Sanctum 2 is a great hybrid between an FPS and a TD game. The mashup is nearly flawless. I really do enjoy every time I play the gme. The reason I say it is good for what it is is because its early brother seemed better. If this game is on sale, purchase it. If it isnt on sale, look into it to see if it is for you."
,Recommended,210770,9604146,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,M_O_R_T_Y_,One of my all time favourite games. Would HIGHLY recommend this game and would recemmond bying the complete pack
,Recommended,210770,9604371,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Maxylom,"Epic! An unbelievable good combination between a TDS and FPS, wich I never expected to be this good!Fascinating levels: you can (almost jump on everything you kan see! Beautiful graphics!Sanctum 2 is just.... all I ever wanted."
76561198073242895,Recommended,210770,9606115,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,darkdessy,"Even though you nearly need to do a complete internet search or wander in the maps to find the lore this game's story is awesome from beggining to end, also if you like tower defense this game is kind of the game as you act yourself as a tower in a fps style dealing damage to help the towers or sometimes replacing them that is without considering the many was to combo with them like slow effect on your damage, anyway i won't spoil the fun this game is gonna entertain you the only downside is that soloing this game is harder than teaming and at the start you almost need someone more experienced to help and/or advise. I recomend it and recoment the dlcs wich are cheaps, contain story line continuation(sequel to the game) weapons a character skins towers and perks. Lastly as i said before, this game is more fun with people, unless you have 3 friends ready to play with you the steam multiplayer alows to join a game or wait for people to join your game even though you may end with only 2-3 players or with higher/lower levels its always fun and there is much to learn too not to mention friends to be made."
76561198044756018,Recommended,210770,5071380,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,thecolin-,Fantastic
76561198051685569,Recommended,210770,9795224,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Imaginary Walrus,"Great game! Loads of fun when played with friends, or just online with fellow players."
,Not Recommended,210770,9795516,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Grow-Pot-Kin,"Its ok, worth getting while on sale but not at full price. Good idea but dosent work very well."
76561198060873419,Recommended,210770,9795875,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Wub,nice game here
76561198065571989,Recommended,210770,9796854,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,that kind of orc,Sanctum 2 improves upon many of the things that made the first game feel wierd and adds some new things as well. They've replaced the huge obstructive cubes with low walls that make it easier to see around the battlefield. The walls even use a different resource than the currency used to build and upgrade towers. The introduction of character classes opens up more strategic possibilites when playing coop or alone.
,Recommended,210770,9797268,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,there is no god fuck black peopl,Pretty good game that is almost always on sale
,Recommended,210770,9797394,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Natje,YES.This is a truly unique game that seamlessly combines the Tower Defense genre with the FPS action we all know and love.
,Recommended,210770,9798384,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Vællus,"This game is a triumph of indie gaming! The story line is in depth and very engaging, taking you to four areas across this hostile and beautiful planet. From a city, to construction site to ruins to the deep forest. The characters are engaging and very likable in their own way and show emotion a actual development.As for the gameplay, it is much more refined since the first game and is more balanced. With new RPG aspects you can get weapons, towers, abilities and other such things through leveling up by playing the game. You don't have to won to level up so that you don't get stuck on a map. The enemies actually fight you as well as go for the core in this game unlike the last game, and you can die as well making strategy a bit more valuable.The multiplayer has been upgraded from the last game as well. Now with an actual list you can see stats and player levels and settings on a game before you join. If your friends are allready mid game game you can just drop in anf join they fray instantly!In conclusion Sanctum 2 is an amazing game. I would reccomend it to almost anyone with a decent computer. 10/10"
76561198050762980,Recommended,210770,9798442,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Darty,"What a good game...i bought sanctum 2 when i saw it on offer for £1.95 and what a steal that is ! i've not even played that much and its a great game ! i advise telling your friends to get this because its so much more fun with your friends but if your forever alone its still a pretty awesome game,this game is an absolute steal and is a fantastic twist of what we see as a strategy game now a days.great game get it,you wont be dissapointed"
,Recommended,210770,9799155,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,War,"Sanctum 2 is as good as orcs must die 2 (if you prefer modern styled games it is better, but if you prefer medival styed games orcs must die (2) is better)the one thing better than orcs must die 2 is that sanctum 2 has 4 player co-opa downside is that the upgradeablity of towers and weapons is more limited"
76561198110365182,Recommended,210770,9799370,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mega Mitchell,good game!
76561198111783306,Recommended,210770,9799523,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Tianika,"awesome game, better than the first version.has harder difficultieshas more than 1 character with different abilities and special weaponsmore challenging"
76561198085985279,Recommended,210770,9799692,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,|TESLA| Norchis,Most epic Tactic RPG I've ever seen! Grab your friends and let's own :)
,Recommended,210770,9800997,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Strawberry Milk,"This game is great. It is similar to a horde-shooter like Warframe or Left 4 Dead, but it also combines Tower Defense elements in between rounds to create the perfect combination of player-impact and absolute chaos.Also, its got beautiful graphics. Absolutely a must buy."
,Recommended,210770,8833654,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Tuna,"This is one of the most fun games i have played in a long time! i totally recommend this game with all DLC, and it's on sale (As of 24/01/14)Recommended you have a semi-good pc"
76561198002436404,Recommended,210770,8833764,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Optometrist Prime,gg
76561198017017204,Recommended,210770,8834060,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,NaNoHalos,"yep,goodgame"
,Recommended,210770,8834239,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Dcubed33,"This game amazed me at first glance! ""Tower defense and FPS games are good alone"" is true, but when you combine them, it makes the game that much more fun and it is cheap for an awesome game!"
,Recommended,210770,8834654,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ReaperGrimmS,"It's a fun and challenging game, with interesting concepts such as combining tower defense with some good ol' FPS action. I like the characters since they look fun and the weapons are well balanced to give you a certain advantage onto whatever thoses creatures are, but still giving you a hard time while on it, as to not make it boring. First levels are simple enough to understand, I hadn't given much time on it yet, but I certainly will. Textures and graphic details could use some work (I get that it is a indie game, with tight budget and all, but some improvement could really mark a difference), including some details to be taken care of (like the fact that every conscript has the same face model), but still the game is quite enjoyable, and it's a good way to spend some time. This game is one of those which you could get just to spend a few good hours on it, having some fun while playing a different type of game than the one you are most used to."
,Recommended,210770,8834766,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Gazelle,"wow definatly one of the best games ive ever played. tower defence is one thing, but being a tower is a whole new expereiance.!"
76561198016551472,Recommended,210770,8834863,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Goodspeed,"À 2,24 $ pour un jeu 4 player co-op tower defence avec de la progession? Je pense pas qu'on peut se tromper! ^_^"
76561198037913703,Recommended,210770,8835285,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,nickfibl,look like very fun game
,Recommended,210770,8835353,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,RippleRip,You should get it I bought it and its realy good
76561198071145337,Recommended,210770,8835403,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ף,really good
,Recommended,210770,8835418,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Obi-Juan Kenobi CS.Money,great if you like fps and tower defence
76561198096334356,Recommended,210770,8835650,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Double A Battery,this game is a perfect game for peaple hoo like fast first persone sooters with stagey
76561198000140349,Recommended,210770,8835669,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Tiochuco,awesome game to play and own i loved the first one but this one has so much more things like online gaming better graphics i would deff buy this game.
76561198014593283,Recommended,210770,8835851,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Bard,"An easy to pick up FPS that puts all those 'wasted' hours of tower defense games to excellet use.  Between the perks, weapons, and characters, it will be easy to find or make your own playstyle.  Just try to be patient with users who love to recycle your maxed turrets without warning because your strategy differs from theirs."
76561198045040057,Recommended,210770,8835898,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Cpt.Sandels,"While playing a basic tower defense game, have you ever thought ""If i was there with a shotgun they would have no chance..""? Well here is your chance to really dive into the action yourself. Well made, simple yet really addictive, this is a must for us TD fans out there."
,Recommended,210770,8836000,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ุ,very good
,Recommended,210770,8836008,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Ravenness89,This is epic
,Recommended,210770,8836124,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Kizzarl,Fun game concept if you like TD games.
,Recommended,210770,8836217,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Wacky Blue Inflatable Tube Man,super fun!!!!! borderlandish graphics only more 3Dish as well. really fun and addicting gameplay. never a shortage of matches to find. really fun to play with random people or with frends! gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and addicting! overall great game to have!
76561198052369023,Recommended,210770,8836345,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Reckury Altis,"Its that treasure no one really knows about. Its fun alone, even greater with friends. Im glad i found this gem. Get some friends together and have fun"
,Recommended,210770,17260174,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ActionCactus,"5/5; I can't believe more people aren't talking about this!After playing the first game I was a bit hesitant to get in to Sanctum 2.  While interesting and fun for a bit, Sanctum lacked a lot of depth and felt really rough around the edges.  The gameplay wasn't too smooth and sound/animations/models were pretty lackluster, and then after you found the best strategy there wasn't too much more to do.Sanctum 2 has fixed every major problem that Sanctum had, and it has turned the series in to one of the more rewarding FPS experiences I've had in recent years.My favorite character uses the Rex; it's a Doom-style missile launcher that does pretty decent AoE damage and allows you to rocket jump.  Take this and combine it with the Battle Rifle and you've got a croud control unit that can hop around everywhere applying DoT damage to all of her enemies.  I typically play with a friend or two, so there will be an assassin (there are 3 you can choose from, each with their own unique special abilities) and/or another DPS (the soldier is good at this).  Coupled with the greatly improved shooting mechanics you're in for one hell of a ride when you pick up one of these characters and enter an arena.The game is much more polished.  It's beautiful; models are great, animations are great, and sound is fantastic.  It runs well (though some maps seem to have some issues) and the wide variety of maps you can play ensures you'll always have another challenge around the corner.  Enemies attack you now so the FPS fighting is much more intense, and the towers this time around are much more interesting with.Frankly, I don't think I can recommend this enough.  For the price you pay you're getting a great deal."
76561198008617858,Recommended,210770,2516277,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Ch3cksum,Tower Defense and FPS mashed together into one pretty fun game.
,Recommended,210770,17165688,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Raindrops,"Entertaining mix of tower defense and shooter, and it has multiplayer as well."
,Recommended,210770,16584666,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gunslinger,OMG!!! THIS GAME IS JUST AMAZING!!!
76561198116004226,Recommended,210770,16589243,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Libra,"The game is a very fun defence fps never played anything like it, and had a good lasting effect."
,Not Recommended,210770,16727645,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Robosole,"With everything from tower limits to game-breaking bugs still totally unsupported six months later, Sanctum 2 was not half of what I expected. I've had a lot more fun with, and received better support for, free software. If the current return policy was already enacted when I bought it, in other words, if I wasn't stuck with it, I would not own Sanctum 2."
,Recommended,210770,16778870,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Marv,A very good game  but even better with multiplayer it can get hard if its just you i would recommend playing with about 2 people or more but if you want you can play just by yourself
76561198178205337,Recommended,210770,16720375,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,144,"Very good, smooth gameplay and interesting enemies"
76561198111522712,Recommended,210770,16762896,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,OrangeTea,"Okay,were do i start?I mean it's just sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun.There are four modes to it.Campain,that's nothin worth talking about.Easy mode,self explanetory.Survival,survive till you die.Sandbox,do anthing you want.Well thats it.Bye!"
76561197993651074,Recommended,210770,8861024,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,leks,Ohh... This one will make you think and cooperate.
76561198059257951,Recommended,210770,18504241,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Pvt.Toaster,almost impossible to play alone still very worth it
,Recommended,210770,18621499,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Phuck Phace,"Legit. Tower defense, but it's first person. You build walls and turrets and also get guns. If you've ever liked any TD game, you'll like this. I want them to make another tbh. That's why I came back."
,Recommended,210770,18706420,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ProphetPX | GameKit.com,"It's actually a lot of fun but only with a group -- so, not bad, and is a lot of fun, but the demo levels did get a bit boring (i did not play it past the 5th board)."
,Recommended,210770,18010795,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Plaagdier,"Enjoy the gameplay alot. Suggestions i would make is - Endless modes with enless upgrades. Also own map editor or stage creator that is easy to use with blank canvases so you can jump in and design a stage in no time. Teleport floor pads that teleport creeps back to start, and some more of sanctum 1 guns and other towers.Other than that its a very enjoyable game. Love tower defence type games and this one takes the cake by far. Its just too short."
,Recommended,210770,16713183,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,a3z | bluByrri7,"After getting Goat Simulator, I was searching through Steam and coincidentally found Sanctum 2, the result of mixing FPS and TD, which might I add, is awesome. When I first downloaded this on my other steam account, I was skeptic, but it had a sweet trailer, and so I played it anyways. After getting into it I can definitely say that it is a game that is different from all other games. It really brought something new to the table, and while I feel like it could be a little different, it is definitely one of my favorite games.9.5/10Probably worth the $14.99 if your into this sorta thing."
,Recommended,210770,18947683,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,jill920,"Sanctum 2 is the sequel to Coffee Stain Studios's world's first FPS Tower Defense game.Gameplay:- Players are able to select maps, each map is an area in which the players have to build a maze and construct towers to defend the Core from getting hammered by the Lumes. If the Core's health reaches zero, you lose.- Sanctum 2 features EXP and Levels. When you level up, you get new weapons, towers and additional tower slots. Each new item will provide new arrays of tactics for the players.- Maps' layouts are varied. Some will leave the creativity for the players, some will make them build in pre-defined locations, some will MAKE THEIR LIFE HELL.Thanks, Train Station.- In multiplayer, players will be given equal amount of resources, but not the Tower Bases. If you receive 400 resources for each wave in Singleplayer, you will still receive 400 in Multiplayer.- Weapons and Towers are pretty nice to look at. Recoil seems about right. Nothing to complain here.- Sanctum 2 also features various gamemodes. Campaign, Surival and Sandbox. In Sandbox, you can adjust the amount of resources and tower bases you gain at the start of each wave. Useful for testing new stuff. In Suvival, the waves will reset after you complete the map, which means enemies' variations will stay the same no matter how far you go. But more Feats of Strength will be activated the longer you survive.- Feats of Strength are additional options for players to challenge themselves. Each FoS will improve one aspect of the Lumes.Characters:- Sanctum 2 will give you 4 characters in vanilla, 5 if you purchase the 1st DLC. Each character has their own traits, which gives the game another layer of strategy.- Skye: more bullets means better.- Autumn: bullets set enemies on fire. Can rocket jump to great heights.- SiMo: basically a sniper.- Haigen: more health and wields a shotgun. The closer the better.- TSYGAN: last shot basically kills everything. OP.Story:- The story of Sanctum 1 and 2 are much deeper than it seems. I find my self interested in the story, but to be honest, if you are looking at this game, all you looking for are probably bullets, towers and gibs.- Visithttp://www.elysianarchive.com/to read more about the characters and their backstory. Codes can be foundhere.The only thing that irks me is that some perks sound really nice when reading their effects, but they do not scale up with enemies' health at all. This means that only perks that synergize with the Towers are the only good options.But that does not detract me from liking this game. If what you've read so far seems fun to you, then I recommend it. Ask your friends if they like this game as well, if they do, buy it for them, too! The more the merrier, right?I can already see you and your friends arguing over which Tower to put in this very specific spotHave fun!"
,Recommended,210770,18960726,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zipp,"Sanctum 2 is a stratigic tower defense FPS.  It's very well done, and very crisp.  There are several different towers, perks, and playable characters to offer a nice amount of customization and tinkering.  I've had it for years, and still play it from time to time!  This game still has an awesome (though admitedly smaller) community, which provides an acceptable multiplayer experience as well."
,Recommended,210770,18961098,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,troubled,"Not a bad game, although the audio has some major stutter problems on Linux (Ubuntu 14.04 LTS) when paired with an Xonar STX II and Pulseaudio set to 192khz and other very high quality settings. To be fair, CIties skylines also does it, but most of the games run just fine with these settings (Dota 2, TF2, Bioshock etc.). Please fix, this is a pain for me to change and relogin to the desktop just to get fix my multimedia keys after they break when I restart pulseaudio.Otherwise, very fun game!"
,Recommended,210770,18984035,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,ShapeShifter,"Sanctum 2 is a unique game, with it being a tower defense based game with FPS added. The balance of the two are spot on, you can't win without the other! I highly recommend this game to anyone that is a tower defense fan."
,Recommended,210770,18369655,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,PadKidPouredCurdPulledCold,I never thought  I played along Steven Hawking10/10
,Recommended,210770,18472755,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,chethecat,"I never played Sanctum and dithered about Sanctum 2.  Glad I finally got it.  What a blast!  I wish I had more time to put into this game (like so many others)... but a tower defense game where YOU (and/or your teammmatges) are responsible for the maze as well as take an active part in the game helping your towers (yes, yes, they do the majority of the work really) take out the waves of mobs.... I'm loving it.  Got it with some friends and the little bit we've been able to play together has been a blast!Sanctum 2 -- worth it!"
,Recommended,210770,18262904,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Ethird,"Loving the Tower Defense/FPS hybrid concept, it's waaaaay too fun. Lots of actions to be had, and lots of thinking goes around while playing it!! On the same time it could also be a brain numbing experience where you can just blast away at aliens with a good selection of weapons!!With good designs, nice character art style and awesome music going within the game, you get to enjoy a short and simple but interesting and captive story of what seems to be part of an epic sci-fi world the game had set out to be. If you are into sci-fi, there's simply no reason to pass it up if you're also into games like Tower Defense or Co-op FPS games!!!But a minor draw back of the game is that... later stages gets a bit difficult if not impossible for people playing it alone, when playing it solo, things tends to get hardcore easily if a player is still at lower rank levels... I suggest getting this game if you like it for what it is, and is keen to maybe get a few extra copies among friends to play together when ever it comes on sale, coz that's where the real fun happens!!"
,Recommended,210770,18262142,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Nomannm,Great game to play. Requires friends in order to have a blash however. Soloing the maps ( as far as I know) isn't quite possible.
,Recommended,210770,18342632,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Scot-Bernard,Interesting combination between strategy and shooter.
,Recommended,210770,18353257,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,|RnL| »Noey«,"Great Game for Tower defense Lovers, alot of fun with other players!"
76561198031386640,Recommended,210770,18356906,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Sonicslayer,Loved this game and played it very seriously until I found one thing...a text-to-speech chat. 11/10 would John Madden! again.
76561198254017664,Recommended,210770,18357466,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MILK.,I like this game he is very cool!
76561198156402151,Recommended,210770,18358613,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BitterSugar,"nice game, nice graphic,, awesome!"
,Recommended,210770,18395663,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,troveowner,hi. could you please include my sanctum 2 in my razer cortex? the squid
,Recommended,210770,18404282,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,birdymcbrain,"Sanctum 2 is a great FPS Tower Defence game. Love the graphics and gameplay. Gameplay is not that hard but with 5 feats of strength on, things get a little out of control. The game becomes a bit unstable when too many aliens come out on the waves but it's not that bad. Multiplayer is pretty good and playing with others can be a real help when playing a map with 5 feats of strength on. Sadly there isn't much story to it. Hopefully there will be a campaign in the 3rd game if that is happening. Overall, I recommend this game with a score of 8.5/10."
,Recommended,210770,18429748,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Me†ric,"Though the sales on this game aren't that high (Something like 150,000 copies sold worldwide) this game is basically a hidden gem. It deserves so much more popularity than it has. From the artstyle to the addictingly fun gameplay.Some pros:As challenging as you want to make it.Lots of replay value. At the time of writing this review I have something like 35 hours into the game and I'm not even 50% done with the DLC campaign maps. I haven't even touched survival mode yet. Plus each map has it's own set of feats which adds extra levels of difficult.Beautiful scenery.Very fun gameplay.Multiplayer! Teamwork, planning, and strategy are all part of the game.Some cons:Needs a workshop for mods and custom maps.Verdict: Definitely give this game a try. It's become one of my top 10 favorite indie games of all time. Sometimes it goes on sale with all the DLC for like 5 dollars. You can't go wrong."
,Recommended,210770,18421739,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Flufflemuffins,Great game!very uniqueI'm addictedhalp
,Recommended,210770,11711114,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SHENGster 盛斯特尔,"Awesome TOWER DEFENSE-FPS Shooting game.Basically a building phase then a shooting phase.And if you can't shoot well, let your towers do the job.Path and maze, hide and seek, shoot and run.Great weekend game."
76561198166234469,Recommended,210770,18381220,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,DesSanctYew,Pro'sGraphics style is kind of nice a touch futuristicGame play itself is pretty fun and interestingMakes you think a little and gets progressively more challengingUnique idea itselfClass variationTutorial wasn't long winded quick and to the pointSome individual customization tossed into the mixCon'sNo power upsMusic slightly blandHas the potential to be moreCan't play as a goatIt's not MTZ...
,Recommended,210770,18424956,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Logii,"Noobs in this game are really stupid, I get kicked by level 10s for removing a rocket turret shooting at a wall..... Maze that consisted of 1 lane going straight where the mobs were going to walk anyways consisted of rocket turrets and lightning turrets... Core was at 1300 hp when I joined in so I know they were struggling... Dumbasses dont want to learn and just kick because you removed their turret they placed for something better... Thank god theres still some vets who play this game because these noobs are kiling it for me in this game."
,Recommended,210770,14936059,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Barry Bapkins,This game is grate! Who knew that a First Person Shooter Tower Defence would be so fun! I definitely recomend it :3
,Recommended,210770,18388961,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Not-At-All-Scary Minus,"For the people saying ""Should I buy 1 or 2?"" Well!Sanctum was more focused on being a Tower Defense, you where just support and the enemies just constantly ran to the core, it was fun, but it need more. Was it brown? Nope! It CERTAINLY had colour to it, and lots of it, from floating island with decoritive foliage to swamps, it was colourful to say the least.Sanctum 2 had the gunplay amped up to 11. You couldn't build a maze right as you start and you only have a maximum of 15  tower's, I say only, but you'll never really need more then that. In Sanctum 2 enemies actaully go for YOU, insted of making a B-line for the core like in 1. And you can actaully DIE, well, more Knocked out and you have to wait 10 seconds to respawn. And on TOP of all that, some bosses can actually wreck your tower bases that you have build, where you must wait till the next build faze and rebuild them for free.So if you want more of a maze-builder, get Sanctum, if you want the back-up-...ness... of a FPS TD hybrid, get Sanctum 2"
76561198129983840,Recommended,210770,18389977,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,T3CHN0_LOG1C^L,Great Game overall!
,Recommended,210770,18437784,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SQUIDDU,love this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!
76561198074701979,Recommended,210770,18414780,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Gaviola,"Sanctum 2 is a FPS tower defense game that not only lets you build towers to protect the core, but join in the slaughter on the incoming invasion.This version of the game is very simple yet complex like its predecessor, Sanctum, however the game was glitchy and there was a dense learning curve. This game removes that learning curve and drags you right to the point. Build towers and aid them before the core is destroyed. I'll rate this game by its playability/replayability/Gameplay, graphics/settings, customization, and audio. At the end of this review ill give it a overall view and is it worth a buy.Playability/Replayability/Gameplay:Pros:-This game makes you think of where to build towers and blockades to see if it is benefiting your play style so theres no doubt you can try different tactics.- Its way different from any flash oriented tower defense game because you are heavy factor whether you succeed or fail.- It actually draws you in and engage with the game, which is why it makes it just so fun.- You can die and respawn in the game which makes it realistic and intense.- You can increase the difficult in each mission.- During the mission you are given limited resources to construct your maze allowing for quick thinking.- There are many missions and DLC's you can play making it extremely delightful to have endless fun.- Game has a ton or recoil so make your shots count.- Towers/bases fall from the sky like a Terran supply depot.- YOU CAN PLAY SINGLE PLAYER OR MULTIPLAYER.Cons:- It can be played over and over again, but it may get repetitive because some creeps are just way stronger than others.- Creeps and towers are usually the same early missions.- Some creeps can walk though tower fire and you always have to finish them off.- Reloading takes along time forcing you to switch weapons constantly.- You have very limited ammo capacity.Graphics/Settings:Pros:- It has a borderlands-like graphics, which makes it great.- You can adjust your settings in-depth allowing to run smoothly on♥♥♥♥♥♥computers.- Beautiful environments.- Towers look amazing even in low quality.Cons:- You cant run it high quality with a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer.Customization:Pros:- You can choose from 4 character classes, automatic rifle, sniper, rocket launcher, shotgun.- Each character has its own unique primary weapon and ability.- Before a mission starts you can choose your secondary weapon, towers, and perks.- All secondary weapons, towers, and perks have a secondary effect allowing you to make thought provoking decisions.- As you play along you level up (leveling system) and unlocks new, secondary weapons, towers, and perks.- You can level up certain towers after everywave and create blockades for your maze.- The towers and the character are like ying and yang, you cant just have towers or no towers.Cons:- You cant customize the skins of your character unless you buy the skin, it isnt bad but it could have more.- You can only have a few tower and perk selections and open slots in the early stages.- Only 4 characters and 4 primary weapons.- Can't make your own character.Audio:Pros:- Has nice music  soundtrack and ambient background- Voices are really well done and match the character- You can choose to turn the voices off- Creeps, weapons sound uniqueCons:- Im not sure yet, but you cant use different soundtracks from other games- Voices do get repetitve and annoyingOverall:This game is so much fun and you can play with friends so its worth every penny. Buy the  game for your friends its a great gift, I suggest waiting for it to go on sale to get it dirt cheap. DLC's are worth the buy, season pass is great decision. You can dumb money into this game and get more out of it,  It gives you variablitiy, customization, the only thing that this game is dependent on is that its a tower defense game and will be for alond time. It great but it needs more random events in missions or even a power generator to power your towers. This game has alot going for it and I definately hope they make Sanctum 3 and make it even better. Overall score of 8.5/10."
76561198013873225,Recommended,210770,18324672,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jamiegold2,Good wish there was more.
76561198044058707,Recommended,210770,18298889,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Orthallon,Very glad they did a free weekend for this.  My kids and I tried it out together and after a couple matches I was ready to get a few copies.  Not many FPS's that have such a great co-op mode.
76561198151220131,Recommended,210770,18299117,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hunter,its a real fun game i like it a lot and its cooler then the 1st sanctum you wood like it
76561198140277372,Recommended,210770,18293967,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mesa GreyHawk,just awsome pure BADASSprosthe ability to make a path for your enemyno in game money everything is unlock by leveling upthe ability to share resourcesconsthe ability to destroy your friends turret and stuff(have fun with teamates who dont know english or trolls)
,Recommended,210770,18292121,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kittehkatcat,"This game is brings so much fun to the table. I didn't know if i was going to enjoy the game, once i got it and got to play a good hour of the game. I was finding myself having more then i ever did in a tower defense, or fps. 10/10 worth every penny"
76561198034975751,Recommended,210770,18292124,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Tazkid,"Honestly this game took me by suprise. I only got it because of good reviews and It was on sale for 5$. I didnt have high expectations because I have never been a fan of Tower Defense games. But Sanctum 2, to me, doesnt feel like a tower defense game. To me it feels like you build your base and defend it wave after wave. And I think that has mostly to do with the fact its an FPS with tons of weapons and towers. Its isnt strictly a tower defense. You play a key role in your defense. The perks, leveling and story give it a bit of an rpg feel too so its not just mindless shooting, You actually know why your killing things and you have to carefully pick you weapons, perks, and towers to be successful. So if you debating on buying or not, just get it, it wont disapoint. It is VERY addicting!!!"
,Recommended,210770,18313232,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Niyk 2054,"Man if this isn't one of the most unique games in a while I don't know what is.TL;DR BUILD TOWERS, SHOOT ENEMIES, FORGET TO EATSo, the game itself is almost arcade-style in that each level is a different, relatively small map.  Your basic objective is to defend the ""core"" from waves of aliens, and you do this by building walls and towers that automatically shoot them.  The game itself is divided into two stages.  To start, you build towers by setting bases to direct the enemies to where you want them to go (like any tower-defense, you try to make the path as long as possible).  However, what makes this game so brilliant is that, rather than just watching your towers go to town on the enemies, you suddenly take out your oversized gun of choice and get to blast them away yourself.  Enemies come in stages, usually around 11 for each level, and they have special attributes that make them different which often requires you to change your offensive approach.  I won't list all of them but to give you an idea: some enemies are heavily armored from the front which requires you to follow them and shoot their exposed areas, but this can be difficult because if you get two close they will stop and begin to attack you, some are very weak but small and fast and will almost certainly slip by you, a few enemies can fly and can ignore your walls.  You will also see stronger variants of many of them, as well as bosses that are even more powerful.You can choose from four playable characters to do your business (or five if you get one of the expansions), which all have varying attributes and primary weapons.  You can also outfit yourself with varying ""perks"" which give you additional stats and abilities, and choose what type of towers you want to be able to deploy.  What this means to you is that you have the freedom to create a character that matches you and your gameplay style.  Experimenting with these options is one of the most fun features of this game.This game is very well suited to multiplayer, however it is fine when played alone.  If you do decide to play like this I would advise against using the more specialized classes like the sniper or rogue.  By default your games will be public and people will join your games to help you out while you play.  A nice feature that I found was that when your text chats are spoken by a speech-generator, so you don't have to look away to read what your teammate said.Though this game is all about gameplay, I really like the graphics and art style.  The story is told through brief comics at the beginning of each level; none of it will particularly move you, but it's enough to get you into the action.  None of this is should really be a selling point, but it definitely shows that the studio put a lot of heart into it.OVERALL:Gameplay: 9.8/10Graphics 9/10Controls 9/10Story 6/10Multiplayer: 9/10Voice Acting 7/10If you're looking for a fun unique fps to play with a friend this is pretty much it."
,Recommended,210770,18311838,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Zerominer(Dan),GOOD
76561198098155133,Recommended,210770,18308265,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,GingerVirusMusik,"Game ha mine glitches here and there, but I am satisfied. The game delivers an original ""Halo"" feel to the shooting, and movement. At the same time the levels are a grid array, some with obstacles and shortcuts, which you build your different towers and walls on for mazing just like any other traditional Tower Defense game. This Game allows you to immerse yourself into the action of the Tower Defense game as the Hero of the Maze, but be careful because you can not only draw enemies to you slowing their progress but you can also be killed by them. I recommend this game, it was a worthwile addiction."
76561198078485660,Recommended,210770,18151460,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Snickety,"The game is amazing and infinitely better if played with friends. The DLC is very worth it and adds a lot of extra content into the game, buying it early doesn't matter that much as all it does is unlock an extra playable character, and most of the DLC takes place after you complete the original game, so you can try that out first ;)"
,Recommended,210770,18307211,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Trilobite,"Great FPS gone Tower Defense, with an awesome Multi and Single Player combination."
76561198061518689,Recommended,210770,18306038,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Lord Juan,This game is quite fun and have been thinking of buying it thanks to the free week. I am not sure really what else to say. It combines my two favorite game types FPS and TD.
76561198248140356,Recommended,210770,18315910,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,HuNterR,it's a fantastic new style of TD's and first person shooters
,Recommended,210770,18618539,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,beef,i enjoy this one its challenging and different tower/buff combinations are really cool to play with 10/10
76561198137878939,Recommended,210770,18629104,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,CherryDoodle,.
76561198251681908,Recommended,210770,18729794,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Decepticon nophix,i recomend this so much it is awsome
,Recommended,210770,7544466,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Niv-SeiZa,FPS / TD Game. Good for playing with friends and have a lot of fun :)Infinite wave is recommended when finished the campaign.
,Recommended,210770,18725111,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Quick Maths,Great TOWER DEFENSE and FPS mix
,Recommended,210770,18719663,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,corthnech,"A great game, though my only complaint is that it doesn't have a steady rise in difficulty; One level will be nearly impossible to beat, while the one after it is a a cakewalk."
76561198192197127,Not Recommended,210770,18727768,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Macdaddylonglegs,It crashed and it was froze open for about and hour so I ended up just restarting my computer. I was also moveing at the time so I dident have my computer so now it says that I cant get a refund so now I wont be able to get a new game for a while...
,Recommended,210770,18243327,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Promaja,rly funny game i must say :)
76561198083866518,Recommended,210770,18241310,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,adrianben10lam,"Honestly, I think this game has one of the most unique game ideas, even if the FPS side of it is slightly lacking in customisation. Perfect for people ready to spend lots of time on one game. Sanctum 2 aka Borderlands TD"
76561198129761071,Recommended,210770,18172240,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,kAtz4R,pleas give the game i love the game
76561198059873414,Recommended,210770,18285990,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RedZeroInferno,A strange.. First person Tower Defense game.. well.. objective defense.. and really very addicting actually.
76561198117553594,Recommended,210770,18286209,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Shutllama2290,This game is amazing! I highly reccomend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,210770,18296555,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,scytheakse,"ooooo my jesus, this has quickly become one of my favortie games ever, get it. get it now and don't look back."
,Recommended,210770,18290183,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,tanX,Strategy+Cooperation and FPS+Tower DefenceI enjoy playing Sanctum 2 !
76561198028490594,Recommended,210770,18291288,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Chunk Spadoodie,Stop using Sweet Autumn
76561198041788325,Recommended,210770,18272586,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Hybernairy,"Super fun, somewhat challenging. Tower defence. 1st person? <3 I'm loving this game so far.Have a crappy computer? No problem, have a good computer with a crappy graphics card? even better Runs 30fps on a GeForce 520 with max textures and aliasing10/10 so far :D"
,Recommended,210770,18271635,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,GoldHawk,Yea SO Fun !!!
,Not Recommended,210770,18277545,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Original Name,Dont get this game the first was better
,Recommended,210770,18281316,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,todorowww,"Easy to learn how to play, yet can be rather demanding at times. Very addictive game, and great combo of FPS and tower defense games. I personally prefer tower defense over FPS, but this game has me hooked up."
,Recommended,210770,18273657,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Xelancer,"Generally in Tower Defence games, the premise is simple; figure out the tactic the devs had in mind for a winning combination, and rinse and repeat. And while Sanctum 2 is no different, the addition of FPS is in my mind perfect. Because lets be honest, truly skilled TD players will use more than just an efficient tactical layout to win, the heroes and special abilities play a huge role in the fun!There is nothing like that feeling of crushing your enemies with automated turrets... But now you get to watch it up close and participate in the destruction.PS: Don't get distracted between waves, some wave spawn after a time limit rather than on command, twice now I have to charge back the PC to defend the hell out of a ganking bunch of aliens playing football with my cores."
,Recommended,210770,18283740,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bedub1 (No Sound),"My friend purchased this game so I played it, thought I hated it, but couldn't stop playing it.  Now it's on sale so I bought a copy.  Now we can play team games.  But mainly just appreciation for the developers.  They earned it."
76561198198649798,Recommended,210770,18282957,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,JackAssRepublic,this game is fun
76561197997925249,Recommended,210770,18283596,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gromp Bun,"Worth what I paid for it already. It's not a AAA TItle that will keep you enthralled for days upon days, but as a game that will just kinda keep you entertained for a while. Haven't really played through it all, so might revise this."
,Recommended,210770,18299526,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Saten Ruiko♥,This game is way more fun than it has any right to be.
,Recommended,210770,18269182,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,SGT. Shitballs,"Very fun game, wouldn't recommend anyone to play it solo though.. It gets very hard"
,Recommended,210770,18268118,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sneezing Chinese Cartoon Girl,"This review is from the perspective of a linux user, so I will blab about linux.Just started playing Sanctum 2 on free week, and now have purchased the game.The game is poorly optomized, it runs okay on Windows, and even worse on Linux.Sanctum 2 has similar performance (and worse actually) than games that run through Wine.I have GTX 760 and an i7 processor and the game refuses to go any higher than 30 FPS at any given time, no matter the graphical settings.There's a lot of spots in-game where you will actually get stuck and can not move, and be forced to use the 'suicide' option.I have encountered this problem many times, as I'm sure others have as well.The core of the game is there, obviously I think the game is fun enough to where I would recommend buying it, even if the optomization is horrid.Overall I would say get this game on sale, but otherwise it'd be hard for me to recommend the game at full price."
76561198121007686,Recommended,210770,18268207,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Spooky Poge,#Wurf
,Recommended,210770,8814227,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Robbiespigs,gets pretty dificult pretty fast but it  is still pretty awesome i would recomend you get this game if it is on sale
,Not Recommended,210770,8820946,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,GEE GEE GEE GEE,Tower base limits and 15 tower limit ruin it
,Recommended,210770,8821127,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Dr. Unpleasant,"Great blend of FPS and Tower defense. Can be as easy or challenging as you want, and doesn't feel like you need to grind to get better, you just need some good stratigy for what you have!"
76561197974131743,Not Recommended,210770,8821135,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Trippin,"I didn't like it. Straight out of the box the game annoyed me. I loved the first game and was hoping for more of the same, just with better graphics.Well, to be honest, not sure the graphics are an improvement. Hate the new mechanics and overall its just not as good as the first game.I regret buying the game and regret buying the next to useless season pass.Stay away."
,Recommended,210770,8821295,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Antwolf,For £1.79 you would be silly not to buy this game!!
76561197970910999,Recommended,210770,8821662,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,bob54386,Cheap and awesome.
76561197964742769,Recommended,210770,8821771,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,NubMastaX,This game is unique and amazing!
76561197995774568,Recommended,210770,1643487,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Obi-Two Kenobi,If you liked Sanctum you'll definitely like Sanctum 2. Almost every aspect of the game has been improved. And for those who haven't tried the first mentioned game: Sanctum 2 is very polished co-op FPS tower defence game.
76561197979648784,Recommended,210770,8822280,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,SolidSubstance,If you like TD games that has multiplayer you can't really go wrong with this.
,Recommended,210770,8822421,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,FannyFungus,Tower Defense mixed with First person shooter
,Recommended,210770,1155423,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,TaintedTwizzler,Soooo much fun!
,Recommended,210770,8822565,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,_ОТЕЦ_,cool game)))
,Recommended,210770,8822689,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Buzz,"Fantastic game - well worth a buy.  Great by yourself, but really becomes brilliant in multiplayer.  Takes tower defence to new heights."
,Recommended,210770,8822773,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,vlad123542,Nice)
,Recommended,210770,4239224,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,B&WHS|Frontburner,"Iz good game you know ? :-)Really fun game to play ... build some towers, grab a gun ... fight the lumes !"
,Recommended,210770,8823923,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,CaptainCalculator,This game is a fun FPS-TD game. 10/10 buy this weekend when it's on sale
,Not Recommended,210770,8823946,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MLG Hunter_248,"They made a game that was a TD game with FPS elements, and changed it to a FPS game with TD elements. If you liked the first game, chances are big that you wil not like this one. Why you ask ? Here are my top reasons: (so far)1) 15 towers can be build max2) The reason for this being pathetic console peasants (cant handle more towers)3) Guns can no longer be upgraded4) Towers can only be upgraded 3 times5) Air units now spawn in weird/illogical locations compared to the first gameI loved the first game and many players new to this game enjoy Sanctum2, I can't say I didn't enjoy it to an extend, but this thing... will soon be removed from my harddrive. Just another great game that went to sh*t. And to all those who say that Sanctum2 is good pls consider getting/trying Sanctum1, and then come back to rate this game again.graphics: 8/10gameplay: 3/10 (compared to TD style games)sound: 6/10 (could use some improvements)"
,Recommended,210770,8824273,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,1uck,Lots of fun!  A great mash-up of tower defense and first-person shooter.
76561198009626098,Recommended,210770,8824370,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,NelixBrood,"Tower Defence with a twisti enjoyed playing co-op its diffrent , wld recommend"
76561198116595662,Recommended,210770,8824457,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Potato,Awesome
,Recommended,210770,17503509,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,makeyoufeel,"Sanctum 2 is an AMAZING game. While admittedly some missions aren't entirely single-player friendly, and the main game is pretty short, the dlcs are pretty cheap, and add alot. The levels are fun, and (usually) doable for both single player and multiplayer. If you get bored of the game, theres the feats of strength, which add a whole new level to the game - as well as some of the achievement loadouts and secrets, which were a great touch. All in all, this game is probably one of the best strategy games ever made, and I would definitely recommend.If you already have a game like Dungeon Defenders, don't buy this game, because in comparison they are poop on the bloody, snot-encrusted, red-hot spike covered floor."
76561198104973464,Recommended,210770,17818968,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Sonicz4,this game is awesome :D I LOVE IT oh and the chat sounds are funny XD and are even more funny if you say any MLG stuff like rekt
76561198051835741,Recommended,210770,17855092,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Scarfy,"Excellent fusion of FPS and Tower Defense. A lot more layers of difficulty than the previous game, and it uses a lot more strategy. It makes me want to keep playing."
,Recommended,210770,17869957,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Major Payne,"its a fun game to play with friends, lot of planning than waiting but its never the less still fun"
,Recommended,210770,17240576,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,kuz,sure let's make a tower defense rail fps with a pinch of salt-y customers
,Recommended,210770,17245792,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ｃｒｏｃｏｄｉｌｅ,"Fun and interesting concept that breathes life back into the first-person shooter and tower defence genres. Only undermined by visual problems, such as janky animations."
76561198110122572,Recommended,210770,17556695,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,unknown universe,Sanctum 2 is a challenging and fun game with a wide variety of maps and other content.
,Recommended,210770,17560948,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Salty Senior,Great game
,Recommended,210770,1559656,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Sparky134,best of both with this tower defence meets first person shooter hence the hybrid game is born play it solo or what sold  me was the co-op mode.
76561198119788198,Recommended,210770,17670502,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Goldmember,it dose not work on my coputer and it laggs like crazy still if it worked it would be a good game.
,Recommended,210770,17677618,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,rackerbam,"Im going to keep it simple.This game is acually a pretty good combo of TD and FPS, and you can play with friends.It is acually pretty similar to games like Dungeon Defenders and Orcs Must Die, but set in a si-fi future."
,Recommended,210770,17809735,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Yam Sham,this game is amazing.good graphicsgoodd level designsreally cool weaponsand tower defencethis game is a load of fun you will be playing it for a long time probably.get this game it's good for you
,Recommended,210770,16750719,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,PosmanPieT [uDogs],Awesome!
,Recommended,210770,16752760,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,McSweggy,"You kill certain enemies more effectively by shooting them in the butt.11/10 would take bootyshots again....But actually, this is great for anyone who enjoys FPS and tower defense games. Difficulty quickly starts ramping up if you don't know what you're doing, but the community is cool and there are plenty of great guides out there to take the stress out of mazebuilding."
76561197992719288,Recommended,210770,16688208,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,xLEBLx,"FPS + Tower D, played the first few levels solo, would love to try 4 player co-op."
,Recommended,210770,16551361,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Llama Del Rey,"Sanctum 2 is a fantastic game. The solo campaign, multiplayer games, and the challenging feats of strength system give the game great replay value, which when combined with the hidden zones to discover, the out-of-map glitch-exploring and the funny challenges you can set yourself and friends about completing a certain map with a particular loadout (ie: violators only) makes it varied and fun in a great many ways. What's more, it's a first person tower defense game!I highly recommend it. 10/10"
76561198062446764,Recommended,210770,16562008,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[ 8-Bit Staple Gun ],"Very fun mix of tower defense and FPS. Cool and interesting art style. The feats of strength allow you to make the game as hard as you want. And it can get very hard. Haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but judging from the single player, it's gonna be fantastic. I almost would pay full price for this game. One of the best games I've played in a while."
76561198072617689,Recommended,210770,16511471,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Commanders,"This was a nice game better then sanctum 1.Sanctum 2 have 3D animation,becautiful,storyline.And its fun.I strongly suggest you guy buy it.Make sure you buy it with DLC."
76561198042667694,Recommended,210770,16518997,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BigBadPanda,"bought this game as a bundle from a friend who bought it as his first, literally, first pc game, i, was, blown away, this game is fantastic while other feel it takes away from a true tower deffense game its still requires some though process when setting up the maze and tower positions, overall worth my money, Sorry for not buying this sooner CoffeeStain"
76561198135502849,Recommended,210770,16607240,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Warden Commander,Its cool
76561197996394516,Recommended,210770,14086209,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,daHuaba,"On the different modes this game is relaxing, thrilling, exhausting, hard, easy and much more, but definitely never boring."
,Recommended,210770,14150700,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Leo!,good FPS/tower defense
,Recommended,210770,14153705,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The President,"massively addicting, mix a tower defence game with a upgrade first person shooter expeirnece, and this game is just epic to the nth degree.  Everyone should buy it, and everyone should play it."
,Recommended,210770,14154704,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BahosMeister,"This game is alot of fun. Combination of tower defense and fps have never crossed my mind. Got it when it was super cheap though, and I love it. Good job devs!"
,Recommended,210770,14148259,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,blepblops,is it playable? I think yes!is it good? yes!is it AMAZING? YES!is it enough of a challange? YES!are you still listening? NO! I mean YES!Do you recomend this game? YES! YES! YES!
,Recommended,210770,13403062,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,YezModdy,"This is a great game!Even better if you play with friends over skype, makes it alot better :)"
76561198006263863,Recommended,210770,13406825,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,napoleon,got this game on the cheap with all dlc and it turned out to be pretty good
,Recommended,210770,13533688,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MDR-GR,This game is something i have been searching for my entire LIFE!!!! So amazing!! 10/10!!
76561198037456758,Recommended,210770,13534114,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Baribro,"Honestly, worth full price. However it goes on sale for dirt cheap, so you should probably wait til sale."
76561198094651877,Recommended,210770,13535777,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ulrich,make sure you have a wingman.
,Recommended,210770,13431251,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cabadiah,"Exactly what it says on the tin. Requires quick-thinking, understanding of weapons and good reflexes to succeed with the FPS gameplay, as well as careful planning and creativity to succeed with the tower-defense game-play. Two genres smoothly integrated into one game, and it's damn fun. The addition of character customization and difficulty options certainly adds some replay value too."
76561198131003652,Recommended,210770,13431629,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,SjonnieStyle,"AMAZING! Amazing, Just got myself free Pax Sivir for League of Legends. Check it out it really works!Try it out now at:{LINK REMOVED}http://bit.ly/FreePaxSivir"
76561198045360037,Recommended,210770,13432154,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Matzi,"After lots of lots of patch... Behold! The perfect game was born! The perfect tower defense-FPS hybrid! I really love this game, cannot say anything bad about it. It is difficult enough, varied enough, you can unlock perks and weapons, and its multiplayer is awesome. Do you need more?"
,Recommended,210770,13432506,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tony Rigatoni,"Sanctum, a tower defense crossed with an FPS, was the first game I bought when I had first gotta Steam, back in the Summer Sale of 2012. My awful laptop could barely play it, but that game, along with TF2, inspired me to put together my own PC so I could enjoy Sanctum to the fullest.And then Sanctum 2 happened.This game is amazing, and has TONS of replay value. Firstly, you have access to four different characters who have different skills and primary weapons, and access to a plethora of secondary weapons (which can even be other classes' primary weapons later on), tons of different tower types, and an overwhelming number of different perks, and every single one has a purpose. You can play by yourself, with friends, or with random people and try to go for a high score in a map or simply go throught he campaign. The story is good enough, and won't take you more than a day or two of playing to get through it. There's 16 levels, but through DLC you can DOUBLE that, and it's at a pretty good value during sales which this game has quite often. I would seriously reccomend this game.Here's the pros/cons:-=-Pros-=--Tons of replay value-Fun in both single/multiplayer-Great amount of content-=-Cons-=--A little glitchy-No level creator-16 maps in the base game, 16 with DLCFinal Ranking: Awesome experienceFor a game of this quality (and for a concept so original), it's pretty cheap, even without a sale going on. I'd whole-heartedly reccomend this game to be picked up any time of the year, though look out for sales as it can be as cheap as $3, whihc is a steal for such a great game."
76561198021653832,Recommended,210770,13433100,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Daybrams,"I had the first one and thought is was pretty nice, but generally it was just a measure of what to place. This game is much more tactically oriented and all around a better package. this is what well rounded difficulty should be, a mix of tedioussness, creativity, problem solving, team management/working with others, and fps skills. Chances are you won't need any other tower defense game.Sadly takes some time before you get the real customization options and creative challenges, still worth the 9$ I payed for the complete pack. The only other problem is that the art style is nice but it looks like they ran out of budget about 1/4 the way through doing the textures so the char models look like garbage."
76561198044224777,Recommended,210770,8886168,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Jonath,"I am usually not a fan of Tower Defense genre games, but this one has changed it for me. The controls aren't what I'm used to in FPS's but I can manage. The building system is easy and fun plus the characters this game has to offer are amazing! Try it!"
,Recommended,210770,13294601,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,just as good or better then the 1st
76561198002212223,Recommended,210770,13439458,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ideony,"Good game, play with friends, win rounds, lose to bosses. Lots of fun."
76561198151593194,Recommended,210770,13439859,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,It's Chili Dog Time,"Very fun. It's a great tower defense game. Running around, shooting things randomly will not win levels, and strategic tower placement is important to keeping the core safe and sound."
,Recommended,210770,13443370,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,gigithebest94,"Was a rollercoaster... in a bad way.The gameplay and matchmaking are both done very well, made me do an all-nighter which I usually don't when I first try out a game. But I don't know, over 20 hours of gameplayy I'm already kind of losing my excitment when I see Sanctum 2.Becomes very repetitive after part 2 or 3, just don't see much replay value. If the creators were to revamp some stuff, like maybe adding game modes or funny multiplayer minigames or something entirely new, would definitely make me interested."
,Recommended,210770,13582178,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Novate,Base game was rebalanced to account for the addon dlc content.Which is fine except if you haven't got the complete pack yet :oOtherwise not a terrible waste of time if you like to shoot things and occasionally strategize =)
,Recommended,210770,9903646,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,AceOfAces,"Awsome!Pretty intense, great mechanics and goregous graphics (at least at some maps that I saw as of this writing).Just make sure to have some friends ready. It can be difficult mainly pre-Rank 10."
,Recommended,210770,16267356,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,JaiBee,Great mix of an FPS and tower defense. I just wish there were more characters.
,Recommended,210770,8857493,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,hegemon88676 hellcase.com,The best defense style game I've ever played!
76561198091167642,Recommended,210770,16814242,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Johnny Walker,a great td/fps with a fairly active community. would recomend
,Recommended,210770,16819795,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dsquareddyson,"If you are debating getting this game, then I fullheartedly say go for it. Amazing game, I would be stunned to hear someone say that this game isn't worth the money (especially when it's on sale). Most fun I've had playing a game in a long while"
76561198141799991,Recommended,210770,16481739,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Darkodama,"It's a really nice game when you love killing monsters and like to see their body explode of just seeing them collapse. The undead astronauts are a sore to kill though. Took me a couple of times to realise it takes more to kill them than others. Bu tin overall, I really enjoy this one with my friends and I surely recommend this game ;)"
,Recommended,210770,16540179,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Van,Well if you want to put some big boy pants on and have some real fun get this game and leave BTD5 in the past. This is halo and a tower defence game mashed in to one magical sexylishus game. Coffee stain really knows what they are doing when it comes to games
,Recommended,210770,16456133,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Roiyaru Kitsune,"Ok so normally I wouldn't even bother reviewing a game, however - it's been almost two years and Sanctum Two is still one of my favourite games to spend time on, I enjoy it so much I got it on my xbox as well which is why my play time on my computer is only 50 + hours.The game has HUGE replayability, it has horde mode, campaign mode and even a dog.. i mean easy mode XDunlike sanctum one, this one has a small story which is interesting and provokes you to try and find out more about the game through endless searching of the internet XDhonestly I can not reccomend this game enough, it's great fun. If your unsure just come check out some of the video's i made about the game on my youtube channel !https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLouaTcNQKta7k6mDrwtQCjrvm4bli_jjUreommend this game? HELL TO THE LUMES YES!"
,Recommended,210770,16402974,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LordBelialz,This is a fun game. It does have a small learning curve but in the end it is a treat to play.My only complaint: the monster models are ugly.
76561198030138164,Recommended,210770,16462904,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,timppaduu,"Just a good game, recommend"
,Recommended,210770,17959153,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Tulip O'Hare,"Pros:+ LOTS of fun to play multiplayer, still pretty fun solo+ Love the super-flexible maze building and tower placement+ Much less punishing than other FPS/TD hybrids if you (or anyone in your group) is significantly better at one game type than the otherCons:- Weapons aren't very interesting and many don't feel like they do anything at all, which makes the FPS part frustrating sometimes- Very little story and it doesn't make a lot of sense -- wouldn't have missed it if they just left it out, really- Kind of repetitive, would like to see a little more variety+/-:/ It's not particularly difficult (a few levels have a high difficulty swing but most are pretty straightforward).Overall, I think it's a pretty good game. I might be a little disappointed if I'd paid full price. But I got it with all the DLC in a dirt-cheap sale, and for that kind of price it's an awesome game. My group rarely sits down just to play Sanctum 2, but we do like using it as an ""intermission"" game while waiting for other players to get on or taking a break from rounds of tougher games."
,Recommended,210770,17467239,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zoomfish,"Unique idea, very fun."
,Recommended,210770,17395085,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Max,10 / 10 would would spam click again.
76561198023934595,Recommended,210770,17687296,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,tall_ball_small,if u like fps and tower def this is the game for u
76561198112092051,Recommended,210770,8854400,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,VAN様 (TDNコスギ),Ayy lmao/10
,Recommended,210770,17507593,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Taennyn @run instead of walk,"A nice hybrid of tower defence gaming and FPS. As neither type on its own is sufficient to win the game, having a bit of skill in both departments (brain and brawn, so to speak) is necessary.The game is pleasing enough on the eye not to be disturbing and is fast-paced enough (time restrictions do occur) to be stretched now and again to get things done quickly.It's nice to play it solo, it's more fun to play with multiple players, although it does not provide all too much of a gain when doing so, as the enemies become increasingly strong as there are more players on the field."
,Recommended,210770,17640320,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,TSMAC88,Its like the entire tower defence genre had a baby with starship troopers then grew up and decided to hack into borderlands and steal their multiplayer system!!
,Recommended,210770,17480186,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,stayselected,"Started playing and thought it was a pretty cool concept. Left it alone for a while an that was that.Then I got back into it, and holy shitballs. YES TO THIS GAME."
,Recommended,210770,17480595,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,voiced palato-aveolar affricate,"There are a few things that i don't like about Sanctum 2. Tower cap! it may reduce lag, but that doesn't make it fun. DLC in a pay to play game isn't exactly fun either. The new monsters are a change, but did you really need to rework the designs of some of pre-existing units? No weapon upgrades make weapons seem underwhelming. However, i must give credit where credit is due. Many new features such as new characters, new weapons, new towers, and new enemies is a good thing to have. the updated graphics make the game look amazing, and the weapon designs are great.  The levels are completely different from the first, with outstanding detail. Overall a good game, but some of the changes are bad. some are good. Can't decide about if i reccomend this game or not."
,Recommended,210770,8860310,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Soul Revivor,Surprised to find Smooth graphics and lovely design. Definitely needs better cover art! Pretty good steal for weekend promo :)
76561198046718094,Recommended,210770,8860407,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Glorious Gluesniffer,Fun first person shooter tower defense game.
,Recommended,210770,8860473,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MarkoXXX,AAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWEEEEEEEEEESOOOOOOOOOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE GAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!RECOMMEND :D
,Recommended,210770,8860481,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,likdaboo,tis good
,Recommended,210770,8860601,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nargus,"The FPS perspective make it rather hard to find good placements for towers. And the amount of enemies prevent me from actually aiming most of the time. But still, the game is considerably better than I thought it would be. It's also very pretty...so very pretty. The beauty of the map scenary actually put a feel of the world, and somethings worth protecting, into a tower defence game. Somethings hard to come by for this type of game."
76561198011418067,Recommended,210770,8860919,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ryd3r,Great Art-Style and just a fun game.I recommend to play it co-op!
76561198049371672,Recommended,210770,8861211,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Markal,Yeah its cool
,Recommended,210770,8849795,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Adam Lanza,The game that makes me rage.10/10
,Recommended,210770,8861436,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Gov. Jeb Bush,"Are you a fan of first-person shooters but have a tendency to waste more time wracking your brain with Java/Flash based tower defense games than honing your mouse-positioning skills? This is the game for you.You're given a 3D emvironment to run around in with a mini-map that has a grid on it. The mini-map also shows you where the enemies will come from and where they're headed. You're given ""bases"" to place that construct walls when they're close together. In your 3D emnvironment, with the assistance of your mini-map, you'll want to build a ziggy-zaggy maze for the creatures (creeps) to walk through, placing defensive towers on top of the aforementioned bases at strategic points.Once your maze is built, simply hit ""Enter"" to begin the first wave. While the enemies travel through your maze you're allowed to wander about with some guns and shoot the monsters as they are under fire from your towers.The objective is to keep the creeps from getting to your core.Tons of upgrades, a bunch of weapons and towers. Pretty decent game.I, like most games, recommend getting it when it's on sale. It's list price is $14.99 and I purchased it for around $2.00 when it was on sale.If you enjoy the brain-teaser elements of tower defense games and the action of a fast-paced FPS than this game is definitly for you."
,Recommended,210770,8861667,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,A Big Mac with Cheese,This game is awesome!
76561198110447671,Recommended,210770,8861705,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Adolf lyncher,do it for love!!!!!
76561197993347063,Recommended,210770,8861844,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Welter Wheat,Get this you qweer.
76561198123164190,Recommended,210770,8861893,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,███Tardrette███,ok game
,Recommended,210770,8861944,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Payne,"I enjoy tower defense games and I played the first Sanctum for a bit. I liked it initially, but shooting the rigid and mostly lifeless kamikaze aliens became monotonous rather quickly. I ignored Sanctum 2 when it was released. It just didn’t interest me. Never-the-less, I decided to give it a try with their recent free weekend.I was pleasantly surprised. The aliens are faster, varied, aggressive, and just more fun. I think there are more of them, but they are also a bit easier to kill and come in shorter waves. It requires more movement and action, which made the game all around more enjoyable for me. There are a nice variety of character customizations as well.So with that in mind, if the first Sanctum didn’t quite do it for you, I recommend giving the second Sanctum a chance."
,Recommended,210770,8862039,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Galixyy <nwesports.org>,"I love it! It's something fresh and new, and a great game to play with your friends. I HIGHLY recommend for anyone looking for a good co-op game, or even just to play solo.I also got the complete edition (with all five DLC) for $3, so that's a plus."
76561198076494730,Recommended,210770,8862050,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,rincewnd,"Fun, fast paced, great weapons and interesting towers.  Got it on sale and a great deal."
,Recommended,210770,8862102,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Scifres,it is fun
,Recommended,210770,8862411,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,S P A C 3 D ▲ O U T,Fun for your whole demented little family!
76561198045916838,Recommended,210770,8862421,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Kree,"For me the fun challenge was in laying the maze to max out the coverage of each tower, snaking the route to keep monsters near my towers, selecting the right combo of towers, and of course the sniper shooting from elevated spots! For a newbie like me, I found that the best towers were those with good range - cannon, laser, violator, when available. Had an awesome time with the free weekend play, so bought it during the incredible sale. The towers took good care of all the monsters except the big ones and bosses which I personally went after. If you love sharp shooting and thinking up cool maze traps, this game is for you. The campaign is very well designed with great variety."
,Recommended,210770,8862432,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Pkmnruler,Great campaign anyone who likes strategy and/or fps games will like this game.
,Recommended,210770,13862017,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,snuPingas,"A very fun game,Realy hard with no team,It is a good fps!Buy it now!  *buys game*"
76561198103207330,Recommended,210770,13857494,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,GlobalToast,Have not really played this but this game is a lot of fun when played online and with friends and it is sometimes fun to play by yourself but believe me get this game. 10/10.
76561198144479383,Recommended,210770,13858542,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,URMOMSUCKZ,freakin best game ever and when you play with friennds its amazzing
,Recommended,210770,13884403,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ovadex,Fun game to wind down with. Nice simple tower defense fun.
,Recommended,210770,13346452,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,<Ghost> S (INTJ),"Much harder maze construction compared to the first Sanctum. The guns are also less accurate and you can not upgrade them in the round. Overall, the higher difficulty is great for gamers, but maybe too high for new players in TD games or FPS games."
,Recommended,210770,9941544,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Prpl Lmbrgni,keeps you entertained
,Recommended,210770,13370308,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Mystical Marcus,"One of my favorite games, The sequel to the game that combined the aspects of the all-popular tower defence and the classic sci-fi shooter. If i may borrow a tagline from another game, Shoot to kill, Think to win. Your mazes have to be perfect to win on harder difficulties, and no one tower rules above them all, nor one weapon, nor one character. Finding synergies between the maps, towers, mazes, weapons, and weapons is nesssicary. For beginners, play with a group, the monsters may get tougher, but having more people to help organise attacks with is a huge advantage to have."
76561198047933638,Recommended,210770,5323809,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,P-Jay,godd tower devense  game
76561197993545673,Recommended,210770,14051872,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Gilgamesh,"Got this in a Steam sale not expecting too much. However, it's really entertaining! It's an excellent mix between tower defense and FPS, with the gameplay bordering on addictive."
,Recommended,210770,14068209,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,H4ilking,Septum 2: puples paradise is literly the best topdown rpg horror gamet of all tom waits. The dark and sad story go well with the CRAP GAMPLRAY to create the perfikt peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥ RPG out of Ω
76561198131222401,Recommended,210770,13461590,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,VanzzTheSlayer,nice game
76561198134238033,Recommended,210770,13463483,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,asd,why dont more game developers do something similar to this. my rating 8.5/10 strategic challenging and you shoot fat aliens in the face what else do you want!
76561198073455757,Recommended,210770,13465816,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,wingzero186,this game is amazing and I mean I was stuck playing for 5 hours my first sitting it is the most addicting FPS/tower game I have ever played even at full price this game is worth it
76561198095004716,Recommended,210770,13552312,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,GlassTyrant,Just like the First one it dosnt really become tower defense till later on however the maps do get huge and the strategys that you have to start using can become challenging and test your skills. At least they did for me. It gets really hard to do on your own later on. The Snipers are harder to use than the other char. you can choose from it made me really happy to have such a challenge for dmg and shots being able to be fired. Things that make a game difficult always make me happy. However the aoe dmg from another char is a lot more awesome and fun. Test it out.
,Recommended,210770,13554313,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chiasmus2333,Very decent game for that price range.
,Recommended,210770,13512799,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,M4j1k N1nj4,"8/10In a nutshell:Tower defense game, but instead of sitting there watching the towers do all the work. You get to shoot the mobs in FPS mode.Pros:Fun, easy to play/learn. Best played at a Lan party or with friends to make the best defense.Cons:Very very tedious. Its more or less the same thing over and over. Except more monsters and more towers."
76561198111306223,Recommended,210770,13512823,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"Ethan, That's Me",The graphics are great the story is ok the maps are awesome!! And the dlc's are great. Love the game.
,Recommended,210770,13512864,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,rutegerdopplekopf,Great Game. Great concept. Very well done. Fun to play both alone or with some friends. I recommend this game to all of my friends. Give it a go!
76561198056098802,Recommended,210770,13514766,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Piter.Devries,Just great.
,Recommended,210770,973455,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Plutokiss,Bought this game because I love FPS and I love TD. It looked interesting but I didn't know if it was possible to mix them together well. This game is a BLAST. I havn't even played online with other people yet and I am having a huge amount of fun.Buy This Game.
76561197997484493,Recommended,210770,13993247,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,The Gabe,Tower defence games are great when done well. First person shooter games are great when done well.This is an FPS-tower defence game done well
,Recommended,210770,14045893,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,Addictive once you get into it.Can be played solo but more fun in multiplayer.Controls are fluid and the game gives you plenty of creativity on how to survive the waves.
,Recommended,210770,14036585,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,General Ostikio,"Fans of the Tower Defense and FPS genres will love Sanctum 2, giving you unlockable weapons, towers, perks and upgrades along with slightly open world maps for each mission giving you some control of how you want the enemies to progress through the mission, it leaves you in control.Definitely a game to if not buy right away, definitely look into."
76561197986231494,Recommended,210770,13952176,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TRB | Ruffcut,"Awsome game, wish it had a CTF or Kill Confirm Exspansion for 8v8. Truly a fun game though..."
76561197984394624,Recommended,210770,14170049,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Valeriy The Greatest,Awesome! Want 3rd sanctum!
,Recommended,210770,14221557,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,CaramelUnicorn,"Lots of fun, light gameplay."
,Recommended,210770,14228276,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,fluudah,Had hours of fun with my friend in co-op!
,Recommended,210770,11861848,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Chakra ☁,Highly Addictive And All-Around Great Fun 10/10 :)
76561198010591649,Recommended,210770,14217048,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,AgentOSX,Simply the best FPS TD game out there. On par with Orcs Must Die!
,Recommended,210770,14029130,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Caffeinated Headshots,To keep it short and sweet.Visuals - 8/10 - High res for the most part but still washed out in a few areas.Gameplay - 9/10 - Super fun but not really too fun solo. Not that you can't play it solo but with friends it truly is a blast.Sound - 8/10 - Music is awesome and the sound effects are amazing as well.Replay value - 8/10 - This is one of those game you will either play all the time or drop it for a few days/weeks before playing it for weeks at a time. I seriously doubt you could just drop it though. I know I won't be able to.Overall - 8.5/10 - Amazing game that truly raised the bar in terms of both FPS and Tower Defense. That of course is my opinion.
76561198051293639,Recommended,210770,5523718,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,EdNigma,"AMAZING GAME. The concept is great. What was good about Sanctum 1 is made even better by Sanctum 2. Graphics, Monsters, feels more like an FPS and still has the tower elements. I can't say enough good things about this. Easily a $40 game."
76561198000574093,Recommended,210770,15544982,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Trippingghost,fisrt person get killed by giant boss defence
,Recommended,210770,14215953,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Oche99,"YES get this game here is how i got it so one day i was bored an i was looking at some fps game (i also love tower defence games) and something caught my eye, sanctum 2 i clicked on it and BAM i saw its amazingness and it was FREE FOR THE WEEKEND so i got it and it's amazing so i have bought it and it's SO WORTH THE 15 bucks so get it"
,Not Recommended,210770,15667855,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Thanatos Senpai,"Why read negative reviews when you can play the game?!?!?!- FPS aspect is much heavier than the TD part; some consider this a downside but to be honest, i don't mind in the least- The game is very fun when playing multiplayer- runs on low-grade computers and is not demanding- good game"
76561197993773240,Recommended,210770,15671576,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,jeroen.wezelman,its is awsome ... and anoying
,Recommended,210770,15651257,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,h3dwig,This game is addictive on all levels
,Recommended,210770,15656860,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SA,"So much fun! By far one of the best Tower Defense games I've ever played. Love the FPS element that's thrown in breathing new life into this popular genre. With a range of different classes, perks, towers, and ontop of it all, multiplayer, this game provides hours of nonstop fun. Overall a must have for any Tower Defense enthusiast.  9/10."
,Recommended,210770,15717505,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,greeshXp,"very good and benifital gameplay that, it give the player a large room for customisation of ones class and towers"
,Recommended,210770,13424735,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Lukas,Only played the game a little bit and am already having a great time playing it. good concept executed well. Good job!This game has quckly made it to my favorites list!The characters and art style is AWESOMEThe gameplay is AWESOMEThe game is AWESOME10/10
,Recommended,210770,14787124,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,snowkeld,"I purchased this game to play on linux, after over a month of not being able to launch the game due to a bug i finally got to play!Gameplay is great, even online. Xbox360 AND Dualshock 4 controllers work perfectly!Game will crash randomly while playing on intel integrated graphics, works great on nvidia cards.I highly recommend this game for any nvidia system and gamepad usage.8/10"
,Recommended,210770,8946356,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Larry,This game is fantastic! Best indie game I've ever played! Only issue is not many people have it so not as much multiplayer.Gameplay- 10/10Graphics- 9/10Characters/Story- 8/10
76561198017839888,Recommended,210770,8946702,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,tomblah,"I really don't know what the person who said there is only one set path to place your blocks in was talking about. There is so much room for creativity and skill when placing them. The shooter part is fantastic, the fact they took away weapon upgrading removes the part where you could just be completely OP by the end of the match which is a good thing. The character customisation and perks is really great. Fantastic sequel to an already awesome game."
76561197976367353,Recommended,210770,715981,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Max Headroom. -,"one of the best tower defense games - dps, great graphics and gameplay, with lots of fun, difficulty and action :)"
,Recommended,210770,9387943,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,thread_speaker,"Sanctum 2 are awesome. He blows up aliens and doesn't afraid of nothing. For sure, one of my favorite TD games ever."
76561198055662835,Recommended,210770,9389399,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Masquerade Pigeon,Good game.
,Recommended,210770,9470534,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Technical Joker,Great fun try it out!
,Recommended,210770,7506838,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Mohamed Abdullahi,*-* Sanctum 2 a great game
76561198122574136,Recommended,210770,9357207,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,lambrosbrandon,I love this game. great co-op strategy game. (:
76561198025726187,Recommended,210770,9359740,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,St3ampunk Nick,Great game all in all but the last level is impossibly hard.
76561198051831202,Recommended,210770,9365937,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Luciferelle,"Great Price, Great story, Graphically Pleasing, Lots of DLC which makes the replay value so much higher and an absolute blast to play with friends and alone.This game gets a 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,210770,9343572,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Onyx Prism,Fun game.
,Not Recommended,210770,4975948,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,LuckyLuciano17k,"Got borring really fast, really wish i had not bought this."
,Recommended,210770,9122456,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Capncrunchie,Great game if you like tower defense type games and first person shooters.
,Recommended,210770,9122853,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Rivent,"Huge improvement on the first game. Including DLC there are five varied characters, 32 levels, 16 weapons and 20 towers to choose from. They have added comic strips before each level and in game events making the campaign feel more like a campaign. Tower bases are no longer huge cubes but short cylinders you can see over which makes all the difference for such a minor tweak. As for the challenge I regularly had close calls because the enemy and map changes meant that no tower or weapon could be considered the best which made setting up the map as fun as the combat in co-op."
,Recommended,210770,9130019,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Cereal Box,this is a suitable gam for those people who likes to level up their stuff every round. The game is a bit repetitive (well obviously it is a tower-defense game) but it also gets challenging every single time. the good thing about this is that it's basically what you expect it to be and also it's an FPS game which most people like. 7/10 would recommend :)
,Recommended,210770,9096989,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Number one Russian gets shot,The best part of this game is the text to speech feature. You don't know how fun it is to spam the chat with 1s and have a hundred Steven Hawkings read it to you :D1111/10 Would type again :D
,Recommended,210770,5245186,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Valtazarkane,Уничтожай ксеносов во имя Империума Человечества!!
,Recommended,210770,7567821,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,CyPRESS,"Игра, которую уж точно стоит купить. Tower defence, но вот приподнесён он просто шедеврально)"
76561198115078985,Recommended,210770,9131269,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,neptunescientist,"Excellent game that allows you to test your strategic skill in tower and maze layout while simultaneously challenging your FPS skills!  Game too easy?  Turn it up a notch with Feats of Strength which will torment your play style beyond belief.  Gorgeous graphics, great controls, and an original idea make for an A+ game!"
76561197970753292,Recommended,210770,9131607,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Talzor,"Excellent coop tower defence game, with a great balance between the importance of towers VS players."
76561198089004893,Recommended,210770,9131962,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,im the nigga,This game is alot of fun mixing a classic FPS with towerdefence adding a whole new level to what you can do.
76561198109580729,Recommended,210770,9135269,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,koolkidtheking,i like this game its take a good amount of time off my hands.
76561197970720161,Recommended,210770,8794675,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Game_Dude,"Fun, even if pretty challenging at times (on normal difficulty) Tower Defense/FPS hybrid, with many unlockable towers, weapons and skills. Half a dozen characters to chose from, as well.  Playing with random people can be a two-sided sword with the limited ressources available for blocks (walls) and towers. I found it more satisfying to play alone and go with my own tower layout, instead of having random people do random stuff, and then fail (I've tried it). Enemies seem to become harder and/or more with multiple players. Communication can go a long way, though. But if you don't feel like communicating and rather have your own strategy put to the test, its perfectly viable to solo the campaign on normal difficulty."
,Recommended,210770,8824989,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,kurly40,An awesome first person tower defense game. It is worth the money
,Recommended,210770,8825271,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TheStealElite,It is fun.
76561198073379268,Recommended,210770,8825539,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Alfuria,"Perfect blend between FPS and Tower Defense, with the two seperate systems seemlessly integrated into one command UI."
,Recommended,210770,8825552,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"This game clicks in quite well. Good multiplayer, single player, and selection. Not bad at all. A very worth the price buy. Especially if on discount get the deluxe. You have no idea what you 're missing."
,Recommended,210770,8825569,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Stupid Marty,"Beat the first 5 stages and I'm already digging this game. Definite buy, especially cause it's on sale for 85% off."
76561198057901601,Recommended,210770,8825706,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Lord Balloon Whale,"Think of a tower defense game; your a person moving on the field as an actual solider. With this solider, you build the towers with the solider. Also, the whole game is ALL first person."
,Recommended,210770,8825747,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TheMrVader,PLAY THIS!
,Recommended,210770,8825801,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,SilverIronMan,Great multiplayer game
76561198010135911,Recommended,210770,8827203,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Agent Francis York Morgan,Great Blend Of FPS and Hectic Tower Defense!
76561197985988299,Recommended,210770,8827878,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,LongShot,"Wicked game, a must buy!"
,Recommended,210770,8827973,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,rush357753,"The graphics are good for an indie game. The controls are simple and takes no time at all to pick up. The mix of tower defense and first person shooter is very nice in my opinion, I hope to see more games developing on this kind of hybrid genre. Being able to set up your defense and attempt to control the flow of enemies while in a first person shooter is a refreshing change to have once in a while. Being able to play co op is a huge bonus and makes the game much more enjoyable. A nice game to have in the library."
,Recommended,210770,8828014,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Spinrilla,♥♥♥♥in sweet
,Recommended,210770,8828206,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,WeRaInC LLC.,"Man this game is FUN!It's very well balanced for multiplayer and it works. Sanctum 1 is good, but for multiplayer gameplay i prefer this one much more.  If you get nothing else from this reivew, know that this individual considers this game extremely fun and addicting."
76561198084022149,Recommended,210770,8828457,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Field Tested Musician,Only paid $2.50! Great game. Combines fps with tower defence in an epic way!
76561197977959841,Recommended,210770,8828547,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,-=BoA=-MonkeyA_-,Wow. It's the next logical step for the Defence Grid game. FPS Co-op is just genius. Gorgeous Game.
76561198048896136,Recommended,210770,8828616,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Big Shoots,"When you think of an FPS melded with Tower defense, this is everything you could possibly want. Highly recommended with the sale that's on right now, especially the complete pack"
76561198083729455,Recommended,210770,8828662,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ShamtheWow,Best gane since... ever!
,Recommended,210770,8828839,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Taco Tim,"nice. build da towerpower, shooty shot!"
76561198069505701,Recommended,210770,8829353,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,MagmaFish,it  very very good.play it.
,Recommended,210770,8829691,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,XKeMiST-Ed_PoTT,FPS TOWER DEFENSE!?!? HELL YEAH!!!! Bad♥♥♥♥♥game
76561197974105367,Recommended,210770,8829924,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,METAL,"im not really much in to tower defense games but i really love the sanctum series. the soundtrack is awesome and i was even willing to pay for the season pass and enjoyed the new enemies, weapons and levels that were included. even when i payed full price at that time, getting it all now for 85% off is a must grab if you generally like FPS games and or tower defense.also having the sandbox mode which allows you how you want to play the maps gives you additional time to play."
76561198065553383,Recommended,210770,8831280,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,BIGFUZZYKIWIS,the best game ever best tower defense and fps worth it
,Recommended,210770,8831293,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,YeeVeeX,I like it's gameplay very much!
,Recommended,210770,8831555,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,PSNick,"It's a very good combination of FPS and Tower Defense, i just bought the DLC and haven't played through those yet, but the base game is a lot of fun especially if you play with friends."
76561198026163358,Recommended,210770,3693201,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,[UiF] thefrankfreeman,this looks really cool. :D
76561198123935674,Recommended,210770,8831732,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,braineak2000,A mix between a puzzle game and a 1st person shooter.  Good fun.
76561198072386393,Recommended,210770,8831756,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Strarf,"DIdn't regret picking this up, still enjoying it."
76561198039590842,Recommended,210770,8831821,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,shoop_2_u,"Better with a group of friends, or at least another buddy. Solo is great and the game is pretty. a basket of crumbled kleenexes / 10"
,Recommended,210770,13772539,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sealwheeler9,"Sanctum 2 is one really the only FPS/Tower Defence Game.  No game has dones something like this before and had the risk of majorly failing.  Coffee Stains studios did extremely well in their game.  They've put so much detail into every map and enemy.  Coming from their first Sanctum, they really kept it up.  Even though there are big changes, it will still feel like the first one.  Both games rely heavily on your strategies.  There are multiple ways to beat the level but there are always those setups that beat every other.  I have to say, Co-op is where this really gets the fame and attention it has.  Playing a normal Tower Defence, you are by yourself, just watching things happen.  Sanctum solo makes you feel pretty awesome as you are taking down waves after waves.  But when the co-op starts, things get much better.  You and your friends will be jumping all over the map blasting enemies to pieces and having a great time.  I have played a lot more solo than I have co-op but I definetely like Co-op more.  You get more people to with resources to build your towers, two extra guns and 3 perks to switch with.  The choice of perks and weapons and towers are very important.  You don't want to take an Anti-Air tower into a map with no flying units (that's a wasted tower), and you don't want a perk that gives you speed increase if it's a map where you don't even need to run and you can stay still the whole time.  There are perks and weapons for almost every kind of play style, from cover sniper, to rocket launcher madman and your classic assault.Downsides:Difficulty is random as the story continues.  And I don't mean if you do well on one level it suddenly gets hard.  I mean that you can be going through easy levels, then the next 2 are extremely hard and it gives no warning, suddenly gets hard then drops back down.  It will cause frustration but there is a restart button if you get stuck.Lag:  I know this isn't the game's fault but if you are playing with someone and one of you has lag or gets a random lag spike, it really downs the game and makes it impossible to play properly.  If lag is an issue for you, stay away from Co-opTroll weapons:  I'm serious, there are some weapons in the game that look like they have been made for trolling other players.  They have serious knockback and will p*ss people off a lot.  It sends the person being shot flying and knocking them off the map in the middle of a big fight.This is one of my favourite games because it's just works brilliantly in so many ways.There are more things I should talk about such as how great the game looks and the little minigames featured, but I won't.  That's for you to experience."
76561198034745527,Recommended,210770,13745451,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,JoeCool2525,First tower defens game i played got it on sale just to try this type of game and its a great mix of an FPS and statagy well put together !
,Recommended,210770,3199157,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,𝕼𝖑𝖎𝖝𝖙𝖍𝖊𝖛𝖛𝖎𝖐,"As fun asSanctumwas, the sequel is even better.  It keeps the basic FPS/TD hybrid mechanic, and greatly improves on it.  There are now four playable characters, including Skye, each with a unique primary weapon and special ability.  Players take damage and can die during a wave.  There are new enemy types, and they have slightly more advanced AI, enabling some of them to go out of their way to attack players.  Bosses have been added, some of which are capable of destroying towers.  There's an RPG-like XP system, allowing for customization.  The optional challenges go beyond giving the enemies more health.  There's even a little bit of story, told through graphic novel pages shown while the levels are loading.  All in all, it's well worth buying."
,Recommended,210770,13758346,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,oprocketman,"I love this gameI don't regret getting this over Just Cause 2 for a second!It combines 2 of my favourite genres together!Strategy and FPSThere is one problem though, the sound assets suck.The guns feel like toys"
76561197991799779,Recommended,210770,8207215,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,klonsemann,Very good game !
,Recommended,210770,13316163,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,neduppihs,"Highly underrated. Whilst the graphics aren't to write home about, the gameplay is very enjoyable.The multiplayer section is great, you can play with randoms or people you know very easily.One thing I will note is that the DLC is pretty much a requirement as it more than doubles the game length and gives you many more towers. Without the DLC, the game is far too short.The storyline is horrendous and it's not even worth reading or watching. You play this game for the gameplay and that's it.There are heaps of combinations you can use to complete different levels and it's very fun leveling up and developing your character. If you are struggling with a level you cannot complete, then play some of the earlier missions to gain extra experience to unlock stronger abilities and towers a lot earlier than you would usually aquire them.I bought this game on sale for 90% off. It's definitely worth buying, don't pass it up. It will be far more enjoyable with a friend or two.In short; Expect a game with low graphics, terrible storeline but plenty of fun gameplay! It's a simple game but very enjoyable, I highly recommend, especially when it's on a crazy sale!"
76561198064142470,Recommended,210770,6339369,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Link-N,"beautiful game, great mechanics, very balanced, 10/10 for me"
,Recommended,210770,13332677,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Dad's Gaming Addiction,"In the end, “Sanctum 2″ is definitely prettier than its predecessor, but loses sight as to what made “Sanctum” popular in the first place.  It takes some steps forward, but unfortunately takes just as many backward.  I applaud Coffee Stain Studios for trying to do things differently, but some “Sanctum” fans might be turned off by some of its limitations.  It has the right blend of old and new content, which will serve to attract newcomers while pleasing fans of the original.  I had a great time with it and enjoyed my experience, despite the emphases on first-person shooting.  It would be great if the developers could add some sort of “tower defense mode”, which could hypothetically buff towers and reduce FPS damage, reward more resources in between waves, and etc.  This would give players a choice in regards to what kind of game they’d like to play.  I found the sales price of $14.99 (as of 5/22/13) to be a fair one, all things considered.  Just keep in mind that this is not a “Sanctum” remake, even though some of the mechanics are similar.  Those going in expecting the look and feel of the original may be slightly disappointed.  If you treat it as a separate game and base it off of its own merits, you’ll find it to be a fun and thrilling experience.Full Review:http://www.dadsgamingaddiction.com/sanctum-2/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2iRV-DQtG0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCmmTYiPoF8"
76561198163548257,Recommended,210770,13337166,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Sully,BA tower defense/ FPS coolest concept ever
,Recommended,210770,13453679,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,UC | Bob,Nice Game! :D
,Recommended,210770,13457402,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ronki,"If you like mindless shooting and maze building, get this game. Very addictive at first."
76561198064778049,Recommended,210770,13459073,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Raging Homosexual,"It's a good game, just has no support for xbox 360 controllers. I bought a brand new one and it doesn't work with this game. Does happen to work with boarderlands 2 so I know it's not the controller. Sanctum 2 should just say it's not controller compadible.Good game if you're good with a mouse and keyboard though :)"
76561198058190791,Not Recommended,210770,13479348,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,hulk1776,Terrible Linux port1) bug game doesn't start in Linux i fix it with like thiscd ~/.steam/steam/SteamApps/common/Sanctum2vim Sanctum2:set fileformat=unix:wq2) bug the Endless loading screen i haven’t find any fix3) bug the Anti-aliasing is bugi hope they fix it soon so i can play and not to lose my money
,Recommended,210770,13481648,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ᴸᵉᵍᵒᵍᵒᵒᵈ™,Love this tower defence shooter :D the customization for the character is amazing! (Well for the perk system :D)
76561198009490386,Recommended,210770,13481729,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ktekien,Awsome co-op game for Tower Defens lovers
76561198092331588,Recommended,210770,13503182,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Away,Not too bad. It gets amazingly fun when you level up and unlock multiple perks and it gets even better if you play with friends.
,Recommended,210770,8699973,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,SilverIntrigear,Such a good strategy game and coop makes it really fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,210770,13493301,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mansikka,"I didn't expect such a nice game when I bought it. It's, to my mind, the best mix of Tower Defense and FPS :)"
76561198088831334,Recommended,210770,13826158,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,stereomace,"This is a decent game that mixes tower defense with first-person shooter.  I enjoyed playing it, but I didn't love it.The okay story is told with comicbook-style pictures before each level.  While this does the job, I would have liked to have at least voice acting added to these sections (animated cut scenes would have been even better).The asthetic and level design are good.  The environments and enemies look good and are varied enough to keep things interesting.Playing through the levels in multiplayer adds another interesting element to the game.There isn't any memorable music, but the other game sounds were fine.Overall, I enjoyed playing it, especially when I played with friends, but it isn't a must-play game unless you love tower defense games."
,Recommended,210770,13829870,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,幽霊 Uruk-hai 幽霊,Best tower defense game ever
76561198078438617,Recommended,210770,8845179,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Chudly63,Such fun.Much addiction.Wow.
,Recommended,210770,8845571,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gull,"I never would have thought that FPS and tower defense could've been mixed so well until the first Sanctum rolled out. It's a surprisingly fun mix that's as intuitive as it is challenging, and it's always a blast to play. It's rare to see a sequel that changes so many of the original game's core mechanics and comes out better for it, but Sanctum 2 has done it.You can't upgrade weapons anymore (boo), but your weapons do as much damage as fully-upgraded weapons did in the first game, leaving you free to focus on building your maze (yay). There's a cap on the towers and walls you can build (boo), but the cap forces you to build as intelligently and efficiently as possible, and towers and walls are bought with separate currency so you don't have to worry that you're spending too much on one or the other (yay). You can't build televators anymore (boo), but the walls are a third of their original height, so falling into your maze isn't a death sentence anymore. You can jump over them freely and use your weapons a lot more easily now (yay).It's definitely worth picking up if you even remotely care about tower defense."
76561197989469389,Recommended,210770,8845603,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,mjolnir21,Fun game! Watch out for those Feats of Strength...
,Recommended,210770,8845677,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,patrick stewart,Tis cool
76561198079442481,Recommended,210770,8846270,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Tfasovereign,"This game is absolutely amazing. The combination between the tower defense and fist person shooter genres makes an exreemly addictive game that not only allows co-op, but also gives you a purpose to come back and play. It allows you to unlock knew weapons, turrets, and perks that when combined correctly allow you to have the best of your gaming expirience."
76561198117474684,Recommended,210770,8846350,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,JuicyLemon,very fun. tower defense and 1st person shooter mixed!
76561198007031682,Recommended,210770,8846433,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,ferg40,This is a great addicting game if you enjoy FPS and tower defense games. It seemlessly combines both aspects for a good challenge.
,Not Recommended,210770,1294877,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,Fans of the original...avoid. There are a lot of good visuals and some nice level design. But the 10 tower limit and consolized multiplayer will make you weap. Use caution if you want it. Wait for sales. Don't buy till Coffee Stain realizes they've just royally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off their fanbase.
76561197985641527,Recommended,210770,8846951,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,BenjiMac,"Incredibly good fun, so glad I tried it out on the free weekend.Superbly challenging, tactical and immensely rewarding when things go well. Best played with friends and voice chat."
,Recommended,210770,8847115,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Panda,This game is a game like no other game of TD or FPS combined!
76561198002285177,Recommended,210770,8847169,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,LykanSilverFang,sanctum 2 is a blast
76561198101654457,Recommended,210770,8847452,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,sebdlee,fun game
76561198100170406,Recommended,210770,8847563,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,KrahnikPewPew,Awesome fun! Best TD game in a long time
,Recommended,210770,8847789,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,GLITCH PHOENIX,love this game rate 10/10
76561198070868097,Recommended,210770,8847940,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Pretones,it's a good game if you like TD and actions games.
,Recommended,210770,2698462,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,xXAinSophAurXx,I reccomend this game for anyone who enjoys an fps or a tower defense. Its the best of both worlds and is full of easter eggs and secrets :3
76561198018611094,Recommended,210770,8848182,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,J.G.Wentworth,"I'm 20% completion and level 8. This game is AMAZING. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a game that actually does have replay value to the levels. Although I will say that I had more fun by myself, as multiple people is hard to coordinate without some sort of voip (Either user or in-game design.)"
76561198080575814,Recommended,210770,6957341,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,BUNNYN1GHT,everything that was good about the first one except now its better!!!! there's just so much more building and shooting and then building other towers that shoot other things. if u like first person shooters then u should def buy this game!
76561197961385515,Recommended,210770,8848829,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Byron1c,"Its alright - just another tower defence game with ... Some stupid difficulty curves, a bit repetitive.  Meh"
76561198063036658,Recommended,210770,8848862,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Skyilo,This is the top TD game ever :D mostly because it's 3D and mixed with FPS :D but still well done 10/10 penguins
76561198033826743,Recommended,210770,8858116,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Steleios,One the best tower defense games I'v played. The more people you have in your party the funner it gets in my opinion. If you are just looking for a game that requires a bit of strategy and is a lot  fun. Sanctum is for you.
,Recommended,210770,8858220,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ZacFierce,"The Sanctum series will always hold a special place in my heart. It's got a great gameplay idea, plenty of customization, and more challenge than most games I've encountered. This all being true, Sanctum 2 doesn't have any feel. The characters don't come alive, music doesn't engage the player, and levels feel so empty that they're borderline depressing in singleplayer. Sanctum 2 is leaps and bounds  ahead of its predecessor, but it still doesn't have a good game feel. Play with friends. Preferably at least two others.Shotgun usability: Pretty good, though not very satisfying to shoot. The secondary fire queues up shells to fire them all at once, but I've never found a use for this ability."
,Recommended,210770,8858255,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lord Trent Kelto,"This is a surprisingly fun game.  When I bought the first Sanctum, I found it fun for a little, and mildly interesting, but rapidly lost interest as it lacked depth.  When I tried out Sanctum II, however, I bought it immediately-- the sequel has more than made up for the shallowness of the first game.  With different character classes, unlockable towers, weapons, and perks, and challenges, this is detinitely a game worth getting.  The multiplayer has additional depth, with options about how to balance your team appropriately swaying how well you'll do in a match.  Lovely game, really."
,Recommended,210770,8858320,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Epileptic Fitz,"I bought Sanctum 2 to play with friends and having played it for a short period earlier today, loved it. It's a good game with beautiful graphics."
,Recommended,210770,8858424,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,RAPTOR22,Very nice game!
76561197977123232,Recommended,210770,8858519,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Kyuubi^,"This game is no fun, for a decent mapbuild you'll also need the resources of other players. Barely anyone plays this game. Second to that, even if you have found a full party online, the other players build maps where you'd need an IQ below the 90."
76561198010757578,Recommended,210770,8858801,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Grim_Reaper,funny game to play whit friends. choose your weapon and start shooting
76561197960941898,Recommended,210770,8859204,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,whiskeytangofoxtrot,Great fun. Good price!
,Recommended,210770,8859302,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Biskit,Yes
,Recommended,210770,8859375,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Goffaq Yussef,"Two of my favourite genre combine? Hell yeah. Very entertaining several maps to enjoy either solo or co-op multp. If you are not a massive fan of strategic TD game, I wont recommend it  though because its FPS is pretty dull on its on."
76561198114462501,Recommended,210770,8859444,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Wingsday,"While this is a very very cool concept for a game, I feel like it is lacking a bit in follow through. First, the tower system is very simple, espically compared to some of the dominant flash td games like btd5. Second, the fps bits make me feel like i am just another tower, abeit mobile and able to control the monsters to an extent. The story seems rushed despite the somewhat lacking gameplay elements. That said, it is an indie game and these things are to be expected, to a degree. What I would like to see, lidealy in a sequel, would be a greatly expanded tower system, with more mechanics and complexity, cheifly a better upgrade system; a better charecter system, with more customization options with respect to gameplay, for example, skill trees and the like. A better weapon system, where you can chose both of your weapons and arnt limited to the 15 or so in the current game.Tl;dr: a decent game, espically for an indie game, very cool concept, but ultimately a bit dissapointing. I would not recoment it unless it is on sale"
,Recommended,210770,8859483,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,iMess,"Really addictive game. Totally recommend for team play, but in the short time i've been playing, there are some real control freaks and AFK hosts. This is disappointing and reflects badly on an otherwise fun and exhilerating game. Its just a shame that the players I've encountered have been.. well,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Best to start your own game and play with friends!"
76561198061997946,Recommended,210770,8859502,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,anooa,Its a fun alien shooter with friends
76561197974932283,Recommended,210770,8859648,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,HeroicNate,Fun. totally worth the sale price of 3.74 for the complete pack.
,Recommended,210770,8859773,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,F9 Smonk,EPIC!
76561198074639879,Recommended,210770,8859870,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Syriph,fun stratigic game with a whole load of fun easter eggs to find. Like portal and btd and tf2 mvm all in 1 !
,Recommended,210770,8860111,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Reelacks,For the sale it isn't bad the lil bit I played so far.
,Recommended,210770,8860195,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nukuls,Great game if you play with friends.
76561198044957565,Recommended,210770,8860201,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,yotnt,awsome
,Recommended,210770,8860280,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,game duck,is gud
,Recommended,210770,8862543,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,billy,I use my violator to violate the weak private areas of the enemy. 10/10
,Recommended,210770,8862553,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Alive,"this game is awesome, so worth the money!!!"
,Recommended,210770,8862733,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Folly Corp,this game is pretty fly
,Recommended,210770,8862835,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Wazlad,"Great game, hours of fun."
,Recommended,210770,8862912,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Doctor BITCHCRAFT,If you like puzzle games and shooters this is the game for you! Great as a single or multiplayer game.
,Recommended,210770,8862936,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Professor Hizzle,"Old guy, here. This was an interesting change of pace from the normal top-downs, but even among some of the (admittedly few) other hybrids I've played, Sanctum 2 kept me interested. Of course, I purchased the complete pack, since I caught it during a special, but even $15 is well within value range for this attractive mash-up.Highly Recommended"
76561198059617580,Recommended,210770,8863106,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,enzo-inter-97,so awesome i love it
76561198050681622,Recommended,210770,8863344,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,akabrandx,Great game
,Recommended,210770,8863419,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SD-R81-330,i happened to find this game in free weekend when i was looking for a gmae similar to starcraft2 and warcraft3 i played nad after 4 hours bought it is so catchy and the balacne between FPS and TD is perfect is worth buying and also his expansions 9/10
76561197972091010,Recommended,210770,8863574,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Psiko,"For those of you that're FPS and Tower Defense / Strategy fans, this is a badass game, highly recommend it to all that fit the bill."
76561198028011578,Recommended,210770,8863636,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Loch Ness Mobster,You can push your friends off of the map with exlposive weapons. 11/10
76561198025554981,Recommended,210770,8863723,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SevenTypesOfCheese,I'm Commander Sheppard and this is the best game on the Citadel
76561198039195513,Recommended,210770,9801294,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HighWorld13,"This game is awesome! For people who dont know what it is, its a fusion between a wave-based fps and a tower defense. You build turrets and walls to stop aliens from getting to the core and destroying it. Its really challenging but its really fun whether your alone or with a friend. The plot is simple, aliens are invading Earth (or some other planet) and you have to take them out. You can play as four ""classes"" Assault, Granadier, Marksman, and Shotgun (i cant remember what its called) the VA is alright but the characters are hilarious and really fun to play. The only gripe with it right now is its a bit repetitive. Expecially when alone. But its original i IMPLORE you to give it a shot! 9/10"
76561198086855821,Recommended,210770,9801353,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Killua,Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198043901521,Recommended,210770,9801720,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Keyser Soze,pretty nifty. A first person tower defense game. Got it on sale for a buck fifty. Great deal.
,Recommended,210770,9801788,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,smallp0tat0es,"This game is a good game. If you like shooters and tower defense, it is awesome. Even though some levels are hard, playing with a friend would help if you can't do a mission. Playing this online is still fine, but is better with friends."
76561198019861507,Recommended,210770,9144437,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,SiegeGlaive,"Sanctum 2 is as fun as it can be frustrating, but it delivers solid game play on both the TD aspect as well as the FPS style combat.  Each new level forces you to rethink tactics and tower/maze placement."
,Recommended,210770,9141502,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Widowmaker55,"Base Game Info-49 Achievements-25 Perks-16 Maps-14 Enemies-13 Towers-8 Weapons-5 Feats of Strength-4 Player Co-op-4 Characters-4 Game Modes-3 Boss EnemiesDLC InfoRoad to Elysion-6 Perks-4 Maps-2 Towers-2 Weapons-2 Enemies-1 Boss Enemy-1 CharacterRuins of Brightholme-7 Perks-4 Maps-2 Towers-2 Weapons-2 EnemiesThe Pursuit-7 Perks-4 Maps-2 Towers-2 Weapons-2 EnemiesThe Last Stand-8 Perks-4 Maps-2 Towers-2 Weapons-2 EnemiesExtra InfoThis is a FPS Tower Defense game and I’d say it handles both aspects very well. The FPS side keeps you invested and is fun with the different weapons, characters, and perks. Each character has one favorite primary weapon (You can switch it out at level 40 with DLC) and a secondary weapon along with 3 perks (1 slot to start).There’s nice tower variation and each one has their pros and cons but you can’t have all the towers in one mission. You can choose four towers (1 slot to start) to bring into a mission and if you’re playing co-op each person can bring any four they want which can be different or the same as yours. Towers only can be made on top of tower bases which block some enemy movement and allow a tower to be place on top of. You get some bases at the start and at the end of each wave for awhile along with resources to build the towers.The main game takes a good amount of time to beat without help of higher leveled people and all the DLC together adds about the same amount of time onto the game. I would recommend getting a friend to also get this game as it’s much more fun playing with someone you know than soloing it or playing with random people.This game is on my list of favorite games and it really is a hidden gem in Steam. In short if you like tower defense games and FPS games get this right now and I’d recommend the DLC’s as it adds a lot of content to the game."
76561198081815263,Recommended,210770,9147053,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Christus Rex #A21,"Had great fun with online coop, highly recommend."
76561198088661877,Recommended,210770,9333082,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,'Murica,"Amazing game for those who appreciate strategy games, especially for FPS Fans.I bought this game when it was in a free weekend, because I could pay it with my Steam Wallet, so it was easier. Within 10 minutes of gameplay, I was already recommending this game. My friend is completely addicted, and I'm sure most of you are going to be too."
76561197998532217,Recommended,210770,10923585,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Black00knight7,By far one of my favorite games in the last few years. I cannot wait for a 3rd
,Recommended,210770,10951248,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shalandir,"First thing you notice when you play multiplayer - 't' to talk. Can I just say the creepy robot voice is now one of the most hilarious parts to this game? Using phonetical spelling to get it to say things might be the highlight, however the game itself is quite fun - some strategy with towers, placement, perks, level ups, etc., but mostly mindless killing of 1000s of aliens. :DI'll tweak my review when I beat the game, but for now those are my initial impressions."
76561198082569280,Recommended,210770,10955474,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sp-aero-devin,"Sanctum 2 is a great game. If you like tower defense, shooting aliens, and awesome graphics, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,210770,10955877,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trix,Sanctum 2 is totaly different from sanctum 1!so i would say its not even the same kinda game!the 2 one is ok.. but i prefere the 1 one!but i cant say the 2 one is bad becouse i still like it.. just prefer 1 one..4/5
,Recommended,210770,10956651,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Elane»,Groovy
,Recommended,210770,10957595,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Baibai,Tower defense at it's very best!
76561198050288078,Recommended,210770,10943056,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sparrowlegss,Great game to play with friends
,Recommended,210770,10086684,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Gwydion Himself,"This sequel is Sanctum Perfected. It ups the challenge factor with new enemies, revised versions of familiar enemies, the removal of televators, and enemies can now knock you out for a time. 3 new characters to play,and one other available through DLC. Also added is an experience system for unlocking new towers, weapons, and perks to customize your play style. The graphics also see a huge improvement.Its a really polished, well thought out indie game that is a better value than many AAA titles."
76561198051347005,Recommended,210770,12401664,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rabbit,Has to be one of my favortie FPS games
76561198079303205,Recommended,210770,17076778,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,I Like Trains,This is the best game I have ever played!!!
,Recommended,210770,16963476,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ʇsǝq sʍouʞ ɹǝʌǝu,"Great gameplay which merges light tower defense with FPS. Satisfying weaponry and good customization options which meld very well with a co-op experience. The environments are beautiful, and I would love to see more of them in future.However, the storyline is hardly there, and inconsistent and/or paper thin when it is. It could use better writing on the dialogue front as well. As far as gameplay, at harder difficulties the role of the player becomes increasingly marginal, since the damage and range of towers can be upgraded (but the player's cannot).All in all, a very good game with great co-op."
,Recommended,210770,11123481,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Absolute Mormon,"This is a great game. This combines two very distinct and very fun gamemodes. It combines a classic first person shooter, and a twowe defence game. there are rounds in each level and you get build points to set up barriers that the enemies have to go round as well a turrets to shoot the enemies. you can build in between each round. during each round you cannot build but can walk/run around and shoot the enemies. There are multiple characters to choos from and each one has different abilities and weapons. As you level up you unlock abilities and can equip them to do diferent things . anything from runnig faster to doing damage by jumping on enemies to extra weapon damage. This game is incredably fun by itself but the online capabilities make the game better 10x. This game is a must for anyone who enjoys any kind of FPS OR tower defence."
,Not Recommended,210770,11125570,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,dwood15,"In Short: The crippling flaw of the game is the absolute lack of any steam workshop support. The maps are moderately interesting... other than that, it's an fps with tower defense mechanics. If you're looking for creativity, don't waste your time. If you want something to do to chill for an hour or two, it's pretty cool. If you buy it, expect about 6 hours of game time from start to finish if you do it right. For the same price, though, you can find other games on the store that are more compelling.The health for enemies increases per wave, but it doesn't translate evenly for the towers, either. So you're stuck with 15 towers that have a limitied atk power, but the enemies are absorbing your bullets. In late game, only the Focus towers seem to do much good.Tower defense: The levels are confused and can often be difficult (hard is not bad) if you don't follow specific patterns in the game. (lack of ability to try different layouts with even success makes it more rails than id like)The developers do a decent job with Sanctum 2, the characters in the game use some stronger language as they get shot, etc. If it weren't for that, it would be 100% kid-friendly, as everything has an unrealistic cartoony style. This ain't graphic, really.The FPS aspect: It's quite dynamic, though the player gets stuck a lot and you have to either suicide out of it, or rocket-jump out of the place... There's a lot of bugs with the networking. I can tell when someone's trying to join as the game slows down dramatically when they try to.There's decent amount of work, but it left a lot to be desired, like this review. It has the formula for a decent game, but there's more polished games (though probably not too many of the Tower Defense FPS mix) on the market."
,Recommended,210770,4246235,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,PennyWise,can be difficult single player but extremely fun and challenging with friends i would highly reccomend this game
,Recommended,210770,3466311,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Hexblood,"Though I am not enjoying this quite as much as the original, I can see this being a great Multi-player game with friends.They have been doing a great job listening to the community and patching to make it much better since launch."
,Recommended,210770,2938761,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Фида,"Sanctum 2 is vastly more enjoyable than its predecessor, to the extent that I would recommend it INSTEAD of the first game to anyone new to the series.With its various character loadout options and the flexible problem-solving nature of tower defense games, the game enables just about any personal playstyle and strategy. Moreover, I did not find there to be any glaring filler material: each weapon, tower, ability perk, and enemy type makes a distinct impact.On top of the engaging gameplay, I also enjoy the distinct audiovisual presentation, hidden secrets on most of the levels (rewarding exploration), and quirkiness of the characters and setting.My only complaint would be that the sharp difficulty curve of the levels is frustrating in single-player; this game is noticeably designed for online co-op play (with coordinated player loadouts and divvying up of enemies). That said, I personally had a blast completing the base campaign with a friend and enjoyed the opportunity for a rewarding teamwork-based experience."
,Recommended,210770,1831231,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Aura,"Phenomenal. Sanctum 2 improves on the already excellent original in obvious ways (perks, loadouts etc.) and some not so obvious (like the lack of televators in this installment.). Very streamlined, but in a way that enhances the experience, rather than detracting from it."
,Recommended,210770,29088693,Posted: 7 January,all,Paxuser,"I HATE armored heavys.I was on the last wave, it said Wave Cleared, but then it hit my core and i died."
,Recommended,210770,500671,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Shaddix,"This game is straight awesome had has ""Text 2 speech"". Enough said."
,Recommended,210770,7503483,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Kathy,at first i didnt really like it because it was kinda confusing in the beginning since i couldnt build towers..but then i figured out it is very simple like a typically tower defense game. you get resources in the beginning and after each wave and can build towers with different turrets on top. simply building the longest possible way so the enemies cant reach that fast the core you have to protect.its a pretty funny game even though i usually hate tower defense games cause i hate strategy games. but this one is good..i recommend multiplayer with headset in singleplayer its not that fun and well talking is always better than typing ^.^
,Recommended,210770,7002348,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Maraio1,"I think that Sanctum 2 is a really good blend of Tower/First Person Shooter, I mean, that's what it is and what it does, it does well. It's a very unusual type of game, with a kinda neche market, not to everyone's tastes, but cetainly to mine. I think that it has got a lot more depth within the game, more so than other games like it have. This leads to it being just a joy to pick up play.If you want to play it right, you definatly need to do some sort of Co-Op playthrough with someone (friend or stranger) or it'll get a bit repetitive on your own, as you're probebly going to be stuck at a really hard level.The DLC is all good, adding a lot of content, would recomend getting it for sure.Overall, I belive that Sanctum 2 has all of the promis of Sanctum 1, but just as that bit more execution.Defianty recomening it for anyone that even might enjoy this genre."
,Recommended,210770,6721417,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,TrainedWrecks,the co-op in this game has all the fun :)
,Recommended,210770,7776767,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Salazar's Right Hand,"Sanctum 2 brings back basically everything that made the first game great, and expands upon it. Sanctum 2 is better than the original in almost every way possible, and is definetely worth your money if you're fan of tower defense game and/or first person shooters.Presentation: 8.0/10 - Although much better looking than the original, the grass and rocks around you are rather low resolution. Nothing feels like hexagons or squares, and the world is just overall much brighter and unique. Unlike the original game, your surroundings well change quite a bit. You'll go from the bright un-natural habitat of a science work place, to the rather dark and dreary, but sometimes bright, forestry areas where enemies roam. Another thing that helps the game are the great looking drawings of the characters telling a mini story during the load screens. Sanctum 2 is a much better looking game than the original.Gameplay: 9.0/10 - Isn't the gameplay still the most important part of any game? A lot of times it seems like that's not the case with all the games that make empty promises about original gameplay and functions. Luckily Sanctum 2 succeeds in making an original and fun experience. It's the same premise of the first game, but more advanced and built upon. You build your defences before the waves of enemies start and when they do start, it turns into a 6.5/10 FPS. Simple, yes, but definetely fun. The AI is slightly more advanced in this great sequel, but they still feel pretty stupid. Even at the hardest level, I found myself wanting some more challenge when blasting my enemies. This is not to say that Sanctum 2 is easy, however. You'll still have to guide your enemies in a certain direction and play with your mind a little to make sure you make it to the next wave. It may sound like I'm focusing on all the bad things, but that's only because at the time I'm writing this, I'm trying to find things wrong with it.Plot: 6.0/10 - This is where Sanctum 2 falls. Although the first game didn't have a plot, I think it's better that way. Coffee Stain Studios could've made a truly engaging story, but they ended up just explaining what we already knew. There's a core you have to protect, do it, move to the next level, oh look more enemies. That's basically all the story is. They do introduce characters to the game which is a good touch, but not enough to save the story.Overall: 7.5/10 - Good.""Sanctum 2 brings something we haven't truly seen for a while; originality. It expands upon all the great parts about the original and forgets the bad parts. Oh, and did I mention that it's addicting as hell!?""- Marcus"
76561198015558684,Recommended,210770,29473365,Posted: 24 January,all,cZ,"challanging, strategic, tower defense, nice gameplay, decent gfx... just everything what a good game needs 10/10"
,Recommended,210770,4443356,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Pingger Shikkoken VolvoFixPls,The game is at the beginning easy and gets harder with every Mission.- Well designed Graphics- Excellent designed Maps/Missions- MANY Secrets- good balancing- good Story- cheaper than other games- Multiplayer also very good balanced.- Sometimes rare bugs ocure in which the Player only can Suicide or use explosive weapons to get out.DL-Contents (DLCs):- Contain more chapters (normally 1 per DLC)- Contain more USEFUL Towers- Extending the Story- cheaper than other Games's DLCs
76561198010585136,Recommended,210770,17036874,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,HAM SUPREMACY,A tremendously fun game - while it worked. Hasn't been able to run on steam for a while now. Not the only one with this problem if you check the forums. Is it still being supported?
,Recommended,210770,16987018,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Backlog Gaming,Unique and Fun tower defense with FPS elements lots of fun with friends!
,Recommended,210770,7206450,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,"Beleth_!""69",Great Game well worth buying 8/10
76561198061743286,Recommended,210770,8017996,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,-_-,"This game is great. Wonderful combination of FPS and Tower Defense. All the enemies are quite varied, and you will have to use all of your shooter skills to defeat them. Each enemy has a weakspot in a different part of them, so if you can pick this out, you will be getting good damage on them. Multiple characters and a great level up system mean that you can always try new tactics. Game also has great multiplayer system, making it easy to find people to play with.Highly Recommend!"
76561198051814686,Recommended,210770,7757865,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,einstein87,"another good game, the story actually pulls you through. tower defense meets first person shooter. you build turrets and walls, upgrade them, and then eliminate the enemies (including huge bosses) with them and your hand guns. fun play that has a backstory to it. or you could skip single player and switch to co op which is fun, you still follow the story but now someone helps you. both people each take an entrance and guard it, but you have to share resources"
,Recommended,210770,8001988,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Kagami Taiga,Yes Let The Feels Begin
,Recommended,210770,4644099,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Dapper Prinny,"Worth every dollar. A great mix of strategy and first person shooter. Provides a great challenge, and fun to play with friends."
76561198017966657,Recommended,210770,3132441,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,The_Duke,This game is a great mix between FPS and Tower Defence. Nice graphics and the gameplay is smooth. Very fast pace game. a great ranking system. For example; when your rank up you can take more dmg . it is really fun co-op.  I would recommend this game for anyone to buy a great FPS and Tower Defence :D
76561198070241296,Recommended,210770,7667644,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Jyzo173,"great game, its worth buying"
,Recommended,210770,8028159,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,RPGpro,"Sanctum 2 is an unusual tower defence game, where the player will usually do as much or more killing than their towers do.The gameplay involves the player building a maze of walls within certain confines set by the current map, these walls then have towers built onto them which (mostly) attack enemies that get within range, other types of towers provide other small bonuses.during each wave the player then needs to attack the enemies themselves, using various guns available to them.The game requires a unique strategy which takes some getting used to, some of the maps have a considerably high difficulty the first few times you play them.The storyline is a decent length, with additional challenges, steam achievements etc. along with the infinite ""survival"" mode which is available on any map making up most of the end-game content.Overall the game is good, best played with friends though expect many arguments unless you're all pros at the game before you team up. 8/10."
76561198051081228,Recommended,210770,8118897,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,ChrisPchicken,"Good:-Interesting tower defense game (similar to orcs must die 1 and 2 but is FPS)-Great graphics-Excellent combat and selection of weapons, turrets, and powerups-Good strategy based game and decent learning curveBad:-Story is given to you in comic strips during load times..."
76561198094815459,Recommended,210770,8124585,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Stealmask36,"really fun for people who love TD games, but don't really like First Person Shooters all that much"
76561198022510367,Recommended,210770,8125588,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Siffy,"Tower defense is always a good game to play, and Sanctum 2 leaves little to be desired with levelling, a large range of weapons and towers, as well as class synergy between players.HOWEVER, there are some levels in which there is virtually no risk of losing despite being considered further along in the content (especially the last of the DLC contents), and some where your ability to shoot the enemies is crucial and towers will not be anywhere near as effective.  Fortunately, you can usually use any build that works with your playstyle(s) as long as you include some basic aspects; Focus Towers (or friendship, later on), Core Healing perk, and a well-placed 'Amp' Tower.Overall, the game is highly enjoyable and levels do have decent replay value, but the game could have included a significantly larger number of maps to play on instead of considering additional difficulty settings for existing levels.80% Approval"
,Recommended,210770,8129562,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Kei,BUY IT BUY IT BUY ITHEYWHY HAVEN'T YOU BOUGHT IT YET?
,Recommended,210770,8130859,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TheeBert,"I had a lot of fun playing this game, although I struggled a bit in the end of the game the levels are fun and being able to do somthing in between levels other that watching your towers shoot things adds a whole new level of fun. I just wish there were more towers."
,Recommended,210770,8132380,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,dragonwriterwhatsit,[may contain spoilers] Sanctum 2 effectively takes the mechanics of Sanctum 1 and makes enough changes to make this game stand on its own. The increased likelyhood of character death and/or having ones towers destroyed by an alien boss also adds to the challenge. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,210770,8135366,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Syntax Error,A well made blend of shooters and tower defense.
,Recommended,210770,8113911,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,ThrustBoone27g,"The appeal of this game lies solely in the multiplayer. Without good friends to play with, I wouldn't play it. That being said, I have great friends to play with and we always have a blast. It's challenging, fast paced, and unique. I would recommend finding someone to play with before picking it up."
,Recommended,210770,8084858,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,TheCilveks,A good game. Reminds me of old style TD games but with an hard upgrade that makes it really awesome.
76561198109683482,Recommended,210770,8107681,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Dextral,"Really good FPS/ tower defence game, you do need to be active to win usually and scales well with co op. however its a game were you need to level up to gain the best towers which you sometimes need for levels to go your way.If you dont like that would recommend picking up ""Orcs Must Die 2"" similar style but in my opinion way more fun! Also you dont need to be max level as you can pick what towers from the start"
76561197994897424,Recommended,210770,8072648,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,The Church of Flarisu,"They nicely guilde you along the story and introduce elements gradually even in the multiplayer version. Players can hop in any time during the campaign, even if they're further progressed, just to increase their level so that they can play with their friends. Lots of stuff to unlock as you play, and plenty of ways to grief your team members if you want to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Overall a marked improvement on Sanctum 1 in all  areas."
76561198051357087,Recommended,210770,13412109,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,baddicus,This version is better than the original.
76561198045590642,Recommended,210770,13413811,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Gman,It is good
76561197965199020,Not Recommended,210770,13414575,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mr Baklava ☪,Game doesn't work 11/10
76561198124352379,Recommended,210770,13414759,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MasterOfDisaster,Fun playing with friends! The Game is a good mix between tower defense and FPS. So If you like both this is for you.The game has colourful maps and good characters. However you cant aim with guns which is annoying. Worth geeting this game!
,Recommended,210770,13422951,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TeknoCyber,"Amazing game, small lag for those with my kind of computer, lots of fun with a controller, hard to aim a bit, nerveracking but overall amazing7/10"
76561198137912100,Recommended,210770,13424022,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Discount Cowboy,"I played the demo, and I had to get the full version. (The monthly tester thingies? You know them...) I did, and I really enjoyed it. I played most levels solitary, which had no lag. Even with a group of friends on, there is little to no lag. The sound in the game is fantastic, and the mix between tower defense and FPS is perfect. I also like how it has a sci-fi twist to it. The graphics have a comicy feel to them, but not to over whelmingly so. It has smooth, nice gameplay, and I would highly recommend this."
,Recommended,210770,13424091,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,vedi0boy,"Great game, would get for sure!"
76561197977164052,Recommended,210770,13424783,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Epic Deuce VΛ,"I've played this game.  You can place items such as gun turrets of many varieties.  When the enemys enter the map they follow a default path of which map you are playing.  It is your choice where to place your allowed amount of assets and curve the enemy forces through a gauntlet of destruction.  After every level there are gains of asset inventory and weaponary type, all can be removed and replaced by each player.  I'd recommend this game if you like FPS and Tower defence style games, especially newer pc players, if the price is right."
76561198009267129,Recommended,210770,13425510,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Duc_Lucius,more fun with freinds
,Recommended,210770,13426337,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,shooga,"It's exactly what you'd expect for a tower defence + FPS. The game is pretty fun as long as you like the tower defence genere. Other than the interesting and plesant outcome mixing the two generes, however, there's not a lot in this game that's different than your run of the mill TD or basic shooter. It's really the combo that makes this game exciting. Would recommend. 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,13426369,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Lurch,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing simple.  I'm loving this game.  I'm supposed to be studying for my circuits final but instead, I'm making love to this masterpiece.  I usually don't like the whole tower defense strategy thing but this is a whole different case.  It has those elements but then the player interaction holds equal importance.  But you can't use one to survive without the other."
,Recommended,210770,13426520,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tacoma Tundra,Game takes the best and funnest parts of FPS games and tower defense and smashes them together into 1 awesome game.
76561198046191601,Recommended,210770,13427128,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ROADKILL_101,"Love it. Saw it on sale for only $3 and was all like, ""oh yeah, I GOTS to buy this ♥♥♥♥in' ♥♥♥♥♥."" Bought it for PS3 a while back too. I really like the FPS/TD mixture.FUN Personal FACT #2:Sometimes, when I'm alone, I smoke cigs laced with POTting soil while I watch old VHS recordings of Unsolved Mysteries from the 90s, and play my Sega Game Gear."
,Recommended,210770,13427260,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MattDP,"good little game, especially if its in the sale for next to nothing."
76561198084013578,Recommended,210770,13429228,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,killall -9,"""14 AugustHuge update / Mac & Linux now available!We just set Mac and Linux builds of Sanctum 2 live on the default branch together with a big patch that fixes a lot of stuff.""Yep! after that great bug fixes game is not even starting now. How you manage to do that just curious?"
,Recommended,210770,13429512,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Copeless,its tankish buy it (its also for mac u scrublords )
,Recommended,210770,13429829,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Smoshi,"I have been playing Tower Defense games since the early 2000s (custom maps on Age of Empires 2). All I can say is WOW. Sanctum 2 turns Tower Defense into an immersive experience by putting you in the action. There are loads of towers, upgrades, and perks. You'll easily get 30+ hours out of this game.10/10Can't wait for Sanctum 3!"
,Recommended,210770,13429856,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Nordplay,Good game and play with friends.
,Recommended,210770,13417635,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,King Ad-Rock,"I can't stress how good this game is. It's one of THE greatest games i have ever played and is slowly becoming my favorite game. I so highly encourage you to buy this game. This would be a good buy even if the game were $50, but its only $15. Don't waste the opportunity to get this game! You won't Regret it!"
,Recommended,210770,13417800,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Semaze,An awesome game! I recomend it!
76561198072439917,Recommended,210770,13751080,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Hermit Eternal,"10/10 extremely fun gameplay and mechanics, love the graphics, art style, and story. The ending made my nipples hard with anticipation for a possible Sanctum 3 (please)."
,Recommended,210770,13751411,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,rogue.requests,swag
,Recommended,210770,13684957,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ĜŅŌΜƝĪËĦƟМÎĘ,sanctum/1
76561198027993975,Recommended,210770,13686970,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cpt Wasea Azure,Really fun game where FPS and tower defence works together giving you very unique experience.
,Recommended,210770,13687624,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,JordanH517,Builds quite nicely on the first Sanctum game. If you liked that one you will love this.On the downside it does feel that some things are missing that were in the first game but not number 2.
76561198060769937,Recommended,210770,13690733,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,consolegrl,"Absolutely love the Sanctum games, wish they worked better on Linux with AMD cards. Anyway, keep up the good work, one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,210770,13678190,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LittleJayBerry,"I really love this game. Tower Defense mixed with FPS is epic. And so far, the community is nice.. not a bunch of high level jerks."
,Recommended,210770,11709973,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Cat,игра норм шутер с элиментами стратегии редко нормальными получаются
,Recommended,210770,8336701,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Binxx,Maybe time for a cup of coffee!
,Recommended,210770,11038618,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,SoulWinnerDC,"This is one of my Top 10 Games to play, hope to see Sanctum 3 soon.Good mix of gameplay and easy co-op play without connection issues.Buy It-You'll Like It!"
,Recommended,210770,13701856,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Daniel Thompson,Just genius. The best $10 I've ever spent on a game... original and replayable over and over.
76561197991893406,Recommended,210770,13724201,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ODS_Zulu,Great tower defence!
76561198067501208,Recommended,210770,13727568,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rayne Hellfire,"Obviously you know this is a great game so lets point out""The Flaws:""1.  It is worthLESS without the DLC.2.  If you want to play the first Sanctum before you play this one, DON'T.The first one is more strategic with more tower action and less FPS action, plus the graphics are a bit...  unimpressive.Other than that DON'T spend more than $10 on this game and have days and days of fun off this game.Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,210770,13719990,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jklopi,"A fairly nice blend of FPS and tower defence, definitely worth picking up on a sale. Compared to the original Sactum and in general:+Much more customization via perks and character choice.+More and better designed maps with more gimmicks.+Lumes are more interesting, many have secondary abilities, and in general more aggressive.+All enemies have weak spots and require different tactics to take out, so it’s not just point and shoot.+/- Level based progression and unlocks.-Towers are limited to 15 per map, the tower bases/blocks are also limited, which is limiting on what you can construct, especially when playing with four players.-Some fairly essential towers are in DLCs, and a fair amount of stuff which was in sanctum one is part of DLCs including anti air, slowfields, also the base game is fairly limiting-It’s much more multiplayer focused, although playable alone, you better of playing with friends or any one in general.-No more weapon upgrades, no more freeze/slow gun, although larger choice of weapons (assuming you have DLCs.)-A lot of story, more interesting maps, (some) maps from original sactum, more interesting enemies is DLC only.TD;LR: Fun game, better with DLCs, definetly worth when on sale."
,Recommended,210770,13600310,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kurumi :),Very good!
,Recommended,210770,8848388,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kyoya,Divertido demais so cuidem pra n se matarem enquanto colocam as towers UEHUEAEHAUEA
76561197961108357,Recommended,210770,7911920,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,EL,"Sanctum 2 pulls you in and puts you right in the action. S2 combines Warcraft TD/Prime World Defenders with Unreal Tournament/Counter Strike. The maps have extensive replay ability with the different towers, characters, and Feats of Strength. Role solo or up to 4 players. Create mazes, upgrade towers, and then jump in the middle and blow stuff up."
,Recommended,210770,7913098,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kokno,Fantastic fun with friends. Singleplayer is a bit boring.
,Recommended,210770,7357587,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Hymen Cholo,Tower Defence plus Shooty minus the pick any guns you want of the first game. its a good game. my only complaint is the lack of ability to choose your primary whatever skin you use.
76561198042618740,Recommended,210770,7913413,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Handsome_Rakk,good fun apart from the glitchs
,Recommended,210770,7914568,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kathnor,great for friends im not too fond of it alone
76561198038968845,Recommended,210770,7917094,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,NicePotato,"It's a very well-polished Tower Defence game, absolutely among the best, if not the best. The first person shooter element of it wasn't great at launch but has improved massively over time and you feel like both your towers and you have a place in the game, like both matter, unlike Sactum 1 where your guns eventually just weren't powerful enough to make any damn difference.But yes, the first person shooter is up to scratch too, even if it's not on the same level as Battlefield. But actually, I'd say it's sorta on the same level as FEAR.The multiplayer: I don't like multiplayer in general. Only in this game I do. Never yet been with players that were rude or malicious. I like the text-to-speech function (it sounds like♥♥♥♥♥♥but it's still a lot of fun and pretty useful) and I like the ease with which you can pop in and out of available games, making multiplayer always feel relevant."
76561198016001038,Recommended,210770,3018401,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,영혼,"Sanctum 2 is a tower defence fps. Being the second instilation of the Sanctum series the developers continued with the uniqueness of the series and  added more twists and curves bringing in 4 now 5 characters with certain abilities to choose from, perks, and new weapons and towers, along with original weapons and towers in the first game.In short, this game is a fantastic co-op game however, a con about the game is that it can't be played singleplayer. However for the sale price of 15 dollars its deffintly worth it with all the unique and brain twisting maps and fun gameplay. This is a brief and choppy summary to describe the key features of the game if you have any quuestions leave a comment below and I'll answer it for you until i rewrite this review after more extensive testing."
,Recommended,210770,7925819,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Makeshift,"A reasonably fun game. Although I found the first one more entertaining, this game is more polished and less of a 'grind' than the original, and is a reasonable sequal. I am kind of disappointed by the lack of changes in models though."
,Recommended,210770,1457689,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Yanahma,Guns. Towers. Weird looking aliens. Explosions. Funtimes
76561198008299225,Recommended,210770,7976413,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Leonix13,"Lots of fun if you like to combine FPS with maze building... I thought this would be meh, but its allot of fun."
,Recommended,210770,7979632,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,TrevorNT,"It's...not bad.  This game is, for the most part, the same as Sanctum, but with a few differences in how enemies move and the maze you send them through is constructed.  You can now choose more characters, which each specialize with a different type of weaponry to destroy the aliens with.Alright, so let's get down to the nitty-gritty.  Sanctum 2, like its predecessor, is an FPS-TD, which stands for First Person Shooter-Tower Defense.  Yes, it is *both* at once.  You construct your maze for the ugly aliens to get through and then, once it's built and they start marching in, you pull out your gun and start pulverizing them yourself as well!  It's a cool concept that I haven't seen before (and frankly, hadn't even thought of until the original Sanctum came around).The graphics are neatly and nicely done, the gameplay itself is cool, and this one even has a slight story element to it as well (as opposed to its predecessor, which was purely maps and killing aliens).  But the problem with it is that it is almost identical...to the point where I kind of wish this game was just an update to the original and not another $15 to purchase (rest assured that I took advantage of sales, and you should too).If you've never played a Sanctum, get this one.  You'll have more fun than you would purchasing the original for sure.  But if you have Sanctum, I hesitate to tell you to buy it unless the price gets cut drastically."
,Recommended,210770,712463,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,ArchAngelz,AWESOME GAME TD + lots of bugs to shoot what moar can i ask for !
76561198014832261,Recommended,210770,2937276,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Tenevik,"If u want to pass some time with a friend. Co-op is pretty solid (for 2 ppl gameplay anyway). Sometimes maps give u some challenges, sometimes u can just have fun times with new perks. If u can catch a discount then i think u should get it."
76561198075642784,Recommended,210770,6801533,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,kurganrocketraccoon,одна из немногих игр где надо думать головой
,Recommended,210770,8012342,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,[uBaH]DTinHD,"This game is what Sanctum should have been.  It improves on just about every aspect from the first game, and then some.Pros:- Customization.  With four different characters, each with their own unique primary weapon and dialogue, and a wide variety of towers and abilities to choose from, Sanctum 2 has something for just about everyone's playstyle.- Enemies.  Like Sanctum and just about every good tower defense game, Sanctum 2 has a large number of enemies.  From miniature ""runners"" that will punch you if you get too close to dudes with an obscure ""weak point"", each enemy will give you a challenge regarding tower placement.  Bosses are a ton of fun as well, although they can be a little cheap.- Difficulty.  Sanctum 2's difficulty is perfect, in my opinion.  It's not an easy game, yet it's no Dark Souls either.  You will be tested on how well you can utilize the space and resources given to you, and any weaknesses in your defenses can turn a ""perfect run"" into a failed mission pretty quickly.  Thankfully, resources are fully refunded when selling towers, so you can create different setups as each mission progresses.Cons:- Too much non-buildable space.  In many maps, at least half of the map is area that cannot be built on.  This can get pretty annoying, since in those areas there are crappy ""prebuilt defenses"" in the form of conscripts that die with 1-2 hits.- Useless towers.  Some towers seem very out of place, and even pointless in some cases. For example, there's a tower that gives you one mine every wave.  Why?!  This should have been a secondary weapon!- Scarce resources.  I think the idea of providing a relatively small amount of resources every turn is interesting and certainly ups the difficulty of the game, but it can be quite silly at times.  In the original Sanctum I could build entire corridors full of towers within a few turns; in Sanctum 2, the maximum is 15 towers, and you'll be lucky if you can build 1-2 towers every wave.  Some players may like this, and I do to an extent, but it's one part of Sanctum that I sort of miss.I highly recommend this game to anyone with a remote interest in Tower Defense games, or to someone looking for a breath of fresh air in the Tower Defense genre.  If you didn't like the first Sanctum, I still recommend giving this game a shot when it goes on sale; it improves on enough of the original game to justify a reconsideration."
76561198036066404,Recommended,210770,9215766,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Murder Puff,"EXTREMELY entertaining game. After looking at Sanctum 2 for some time before purchasing it, I finally decided to give it a chance. I was suprised to find how simply perfect this game turned out to be. The elegent combination of Tower Defence and FPS is very simplistic in its nature, yet is executed in such a way that draws you in and just absorbes you completely. Adding a friend or two to the mix adds even more enjoyment to the experience. The only regret I have about this game is not picking it up much sooner.I stongly recommend Sanctum 2 - You will not be sorry."
76561198066347634,Recommended,210770,9218977,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,cat bones,"This is a really fun game to play. It's not really true TD, but FPS with some TD mixed in. It quickly became more interesting for me to play in private servers alone or with a friend- the public servers are filled with those who put no thought in to tower placement. Many different builds and weapons to choose from keep it interesting, for a while."
,Recommended,210770,8869763,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Ableman,"Love it,they took Defense Gris and added fps to the mix...You can lvl up your char you choose and get perks and new towers as you lvl up great idea look forward to new titles from Coffee Stain"
,Recommended,210770,8836939,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Smiffmaff,"Sanctum 2 gets pretty high up my favorite games list, there with Serious Sam 3, Garrys Mod, Half Life 2, Counter Strike, Bioshock, Papers Please And Portal 2. BUT DONT GET THE GAME ALONE! At least get the season pass, the game alone is kinda short... but this game mixes 2 of my favorite genres Tower Defence, and Fps's? So Take a arena fps. add spawn points and a level editor that olny allows you to make a cylinder wall thinggys and turrets. except you have limited cylinder wall thinggys. and some pretty radical gun shooting 4 player co-op mayhem. that my friend is Sanctum 2"
,Recommended,210770,8836768,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Elder Maxson,"Skeptical at first, but it's fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Yeah"
76561197993349271,Recommended,210770,8837159,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,mith167,"If you took League of Legends, but put the towers on steroids and gave the champions guns and first person view, you would have the awesomeness that is Sanctum 2. Great graphics, fluid gameplay. Definitely a buy."
,Recommended,210770,8837307,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Sho,Fun game to jump into with a group of friends and screw around. The text to speech is hilarious as well.
,Recommended,210770,8837391,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Rat,"The strategic placement of turrets and the up close shooting of aliens. So much fun, glad I got this game"
76561197985350420,Recommended,210770,8837560,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Razyr007,"Sanctum 2 is definetly not an easy TD game but it's fun and challenging playing this game in coop mode most fun way to play the game in my opinion but its great game all around & If you like Tower Defense games, then Sanctum 2 is a MUST buy!"
76561198067224666,Recommended,210770,8837562,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,NoFriendsNP,"Good fun with friends, but I could see the lack of variety getting old. Though for a tower defense game it has a remarkably high replay value."
,Recommended,210770,8837827,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Erectile Dysfunction,"You see this? You seein' this? It's an FPS, but it's also a Tower Defense game. I mean, dang. That's blowing minds. Get it."
,Not Recommended,210770,8837842,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Nave,I was a massive fan of the original. The original has so much more. You can drop in 100's of towers in one map. Not to mention 4 different type of ground traps. All upgradable. Up grade each weapon 4 times in the same match! Each gun upgrade is awesome! It gives you soo much.This one has better visuals but WAAAY nerfed game play. Only 15 towers per map.. WTF! Also no gun upgrades at all. No floor traps. In return of 80% of the game being taken out you get pretty lame power ups.I can understand peoples fondness of the sequel it just sorely fell short for me as a massive fan of Sanctum 1.Do not buy!
,Recommended,210770,8837894,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ShackledDreamz,"Awesome tower defense game.  I played a demo a long while back, and really liked it. Come to find out it's on sale on Steam. It's very addictive, and while you can do it by yourself. It is better to play with friends. It can get really hectic, and you will need dependable players to get the job done. All around fun game.  Makes you really use your brain on how you are going to build your defenses so they don't rush to the core so easily, and to be rerouted to the same guns they to receive more damage to bring them down faster. It's a must have. Take advantage now."
,Recommended,210770,8837988,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Loaded Potatos,whhhhaaaaaatttttttt?????
,Recommended,210770,8838058,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,#YOLO #SWAG,"This game is something I've never really experienced before. While the campaign is shown in a loading screen, enough is shown that it is able to be followed. The gameplay itself is what's best. Micro-management with the tower, path setting with your blocks and then the fps part which is what makes it so different. While at first it may seem overwhelming, the experience as a game along with a tutorial level make it easy for a new player to learn the game quite easily."
,Recommended,210770,8838191,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,WhiteWolfGalo,not bad kind of crazy but its a good crazy keeps you on  your toes thinkin through the whole game 9/10 needs just a bit more customization but amazing will play for a long long time.
,Recommended,210770,8838197,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,astr0,"Amazing time waster while waiting for whatever you're waiting! Great deal, great game can't go wrong!"
,Recommended,210770,8838497,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Admorp,"Did not think this game was anything special. That is until I actually played it! Each Character has a unique feel and dialouge, the environments are varied and nice to look at. The mini-map is godly! and playing with other humans is very enjoyable. If you don't have it get it now, especially since it's on sale!"
,Recommended,210770,8838656,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Faço drift na sua mãe,"Nice game, excelent TD game, Epic graphics with Best unreal engine,wonderful design. Could be best-known and have more game mods, but still a great game!! my note 9/10"
,Recommended,210770,8838683,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,silicas,"This game, at 85% off and free for a weekend, might be the best deal that Steam has ever offered -- and Steam has offered a lot of damn good deals in the past.Strategy-oriented, expertly designed, and epicly fast-paced, this game was a great addition to my library and a blast to play with good friends."
,Recommended,210770,8838755,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Myndmelt,"It's fun, get it while its cheap!"
,Recommended,210770,8838775,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,[SC] KeyShard,Yes playSuch stratsMuch sickVery funwow
,Recommended,210770,8838976,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,T.Picker,"Enjoyable and somehow manages to be varied and not incredibly repetitive.There is no single strategy you must follow to win, experimentation is something you enjoy testing rather than being a tedious chore. Playing with friends or smart random players online makes it that much better.It is not for all gamers, more so for the strategic FPS player. One who thinks ahead."
76561198053917428,Recommended,210770,8957878,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,MSKdell,"Really fun game to play, especially with friends. I highly recommend telling your friends about this game if you buy it and have fun with it. Adding new characters, weapons and a perk system, Sanctum 2 improves upon all the great aspects of the original game. The DLC to this game is absolutely fantastic and is reasonably priced. Not to mention the superb gameplay. Balanced and diverse enemies, unique weapons, tight controls, and a beautiful world to play in give great aspects to this fantastic FPS and Tower Defense blend."
76561198074887894,Recommended,210770,8892746,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,HunterKamin,"This game like so leet. You be trippin not to buy. Sucks that you missed the 85% off deal though. $3.79 my dawgs. Shame, for shame. Get the game game game. Lame. Not the game, but the shame, is... lame.Weeeeeellll, then... Yeah, buy it."
,Recommended,210770,8893018,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Foist,An amazing combination of a FPS and tower defense.
,Recommended,210770,8893329,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,keith-j-k,"Started playing during the free period and found it surprisingly amazing! Loving tower defense games and FPS's as I do, this is a great experience!!"
,Recommended,210770,8893630,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MonkeyDrummer,Good game which is enjoyable to play with a few mates! I wouldn't say it is worth the asking price but as a sale item this is a must for you and your buddies if you like a little TD stratergy thrown into your FPS!
,Recommended,210770,8895010,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,aFlaffyGuy,"At first I thought, ""Ugh, Sanctum 2..."" and now after hours of gameplay I'm like, ""WHOA! SANCTUM 2!"" Because first person tower base building battles are best brought bringing buddies beside bombing bases. Also it makes you go:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTYFQTnrAB8&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,210770,8895096,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Squeedwad,"Super fun, Nothing's more satisfying then blowing things to bits"
76561198024195418,Recommended,210770,8895134,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Eight,"Stellar FPS tower defense game of awesomeness!  Lots of levels and a large variety of towers, weapons and perks to choose from as you level up."
,Recommended,210770,8895515,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,2 Inches Deep,"Legit♥♥♥♥♥♥ I got the complete pack for $3.74 as opposed to $25.00 during a steam sale just because it was so cheap, I didn't think the game would be so great at first, to be honest. But I can assure you, it is amazing. Do NOT judge this game up until you atleast download the demo, which most definitely does not do its justice."
,Recommended,210770,8895696,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Alpha_Tiger,"I got this game when it was a special on sale and i gotta say it is one of the most fun games i have bought. Its a ton of fun to play with your friends and its a cool tower defense first person shooter which i have never really seen before if you like FPS games and tower defense, this os for you"
76561198056415383,Recommended,210770,8896896,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Muttl3y,"Tower defence and multiplayer FPS. These guys mashed them together and got it right! I am seriuosly hooked on this game. It's easy to get the hang of, looks amazing and has huge variety. 10/10!!!Seriously, buy this game... NOW."
76561198055768677,Recommended,210770,8897757,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[FNHH] Wurst,"Great game for those who like strategy, and blowing up aliens into gibs with big♥♥♥♥♥guns. On the flipside, gets repetitive after retrying a certain level more than once.DEN OUTTA DEN!"
,Recommended,210770,8897881,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Frisk,"Very awesome game. I like the concept of a FPS tower-defense game. My two favourite game genres.I haven't tried the first Sanctum, so I really can't judge on improvement. But, as to playing the game, I like it in every way."
,Recommended,210770,8865771,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Chrisenger,"A nice take on the tower defense game. Typically I do not like to play tower defense games, but this one is a neat FPS/TD hybrid, and with it's 4 player coop, it has a lot of replayability, and is really fun. Definately worth buying."
,Recommended,210770,8866102,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Ravika,"This has to be the best tower defence game ive ever played, if you can get it  hit me up and I'd love to play with you, but remember the more players the harder it gets"
,Recommended,210770,8866328,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Goldenbukkit,not that great by your self but crap tons of fun with your friendsi'd say its worth about 10 bucks no more
,Recommended,210770,8866430,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,TheVovo,"Defense Grid with FPS components. Reminds me a little of Orcs must die, but the TD part of the game seems to be better.If you can get somebody to play with it will also make it more fun. Hard to miss out on this (especially while on sale)"
,Recommended,210770,8866522,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,<MLG> Spookpainis | trade.tf,"This is a great game,love it"
76561198105702714,Recommended,210770,8867029,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Mr. Pickle,it is a mixture of tower defence and shooter genres i highly recommend it
76561197979778625,Recommended,210770,8867145,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Elite T91,Looking for a more action oriented tower defence game? This is the game for you!It's pretty balanced. The mix of FPS and tower defence is absolutely great!27-01-2014: For 2 euro's its a steal! Whenever this is on sale it's a steal!
,Recommended,210770,15251402,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,-TacticalMagoN,OH! *-* <3
76561198142194978,Recommended,210770,15212392,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,segway,well the first ne is great so i can tell this is great too. although i have not acually got it yet but i have played the demo and its soooooo fun! i definately recommend it!
76561198046233849,Recommended,210770,5194867,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,『DJ-CatPumpkin』,"OMG Classes, and optimized as well, good job Coffe Stain :D"
,Recommended,210770,15272158,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Litterally Who,"Awesome game. Nice mix of strategy and action, lots of customizable builds."
,Recommended,210770,15198451,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,4CCiD3NT,"A very clever idea and a very good execution. It's a shame not more people are playing this...and if you are one of them, fix that right now! Go play it!!!"
,Recommended,210770,2684407,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,M4g1kz,Awesome multiplayer Tower Defense
,Recommended,210770,16018663,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sunr' ever,"It's good for those who like Tower Defense + FPS Action. It's like the previous Sanctum combined with Counter Strike elements. I don't really like this genre, I prefer pure Tower Defense, but this is a good game."
76561198092525512,Recommended,210770,15969452,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Jaeel,"Sanctum 2 is a fun single player or co-op FPS game that works in a wave format. You have an energy core that you need to protect from marauding bugs. You and up to 3 team mates construct a maze layered with weapon towers ala Tower Defense to assist you in fending off the waves of bugs.To help you match your playstyle, you get your characters main weapon, and as you level up and unlock new ones, a secondary weapon of your choice. It's a fun game that I have a blast playing.Who will like a game like this? Tower defense fans, FPS fans.Who won't like a game like this? Bugs. The gratuitous bug slaying will turn off most of them. But since everyone hates bugs, who cares what they think.Quick video about the games mechanicshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcmPckdaGm0Some gameplay when I found a cool partnerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tnw1WhNZc_w"
,Recommended,210770,15973108,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,CucumberAlcohol Lord of the Kilt,"Do you like Tower Defense, do you like First Person Shooters? Well then this is the perfect game for you!! It combines TD with FPS Fluidly and is very fun when you play with multiple people!!"
,Recommended,210770,9827967,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Flipmonger,"Sanctum 2 is the sequel to Sanctum, a phenomenal blend of tower defense strategy and a FPS-game.  Playing the original Sanctum, it was pretty intuitive; construct the path and populate the defensive towers and engage in FPS-action.  Phenomenal.  The beauty of the original Sanctum was its practically unlimited resources (gained after each round per group member) to build as many towers you can fit on the map as well as upgrading each one of them (including your weapons).  The original Sanctum is indeed a great multiplayer game, but it's weakness was the ability to play the game solo - as each added member to your group provided more resources to build more things per round and added another FPS-shooter to help take down those aliens the towers fail to take down due to their inconspicuous weakpoint.Sanctum 2 seems to be an entirely different concept of the original, more focusing on FPS-action.  It evolved into a more Borderlands look-and-feel; that is, character progression, character perks, and selectable weaponry and tower lineup (as with the original); however, a 15-tower limit is imposed (each tower can be upgraded) however you will still be able to layout additional blocks to create intricate pathways.  Similar towers (from the original concept) but having slightly different functions as well as new ones.  One of my favorite items (in the orignal Sanctum) were the slow pads that can be constructed on the path the aliens traverse; however, Sanctum 2 replaces that with a tower having a fixed-area (upgrading expands the active area a bit larger).Comparing the two is difficult as Sanctum 2, despite it's clear differences from the first, is in fact another phenomenal game from a different conceptual view.  It features the ability to harden the game by enabling various ""Feats of Strength"", making the game more challenging.  It's definitely geared toward focusing more on FPS-shooter than relying on Tower Defense aspect.   Its notable strengths are a more viable single-player game, outstanding multiplayer playability, variable difficulty, and character progression & customization.So for those who love Tower Defense and FPS-games, this will be another diamond-class addition to your gaming arsenal.  For those at Coffee Stain Studios, great work and looking forward to see what else you come out with."
,Recommended,210770,16144283,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Zingeljig,oh hell yes do i recomend this game. love it well worth a play if you like tower defence games
,Recommended,210770,16146236,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,opforce,If you liked borderlands but hated the fact that you needed friends that would play the same time you did to keep the story together this might be the answer. There is no story or freedom like borderlands but it has a similar fun feel to it.  A new person can play with a veteran of the game at a higher level without missing out. One of the few games that I like when random people join the fight.
,Recommended,210770,8843334,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Eklhektik,Combining tower defense strategy and fps action is just amazing. Just a shame that the number of weapons and perks is quite limited but still a very good game.
,Recommended,210770,16496660,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BarubalzGaming™,"awesome game if you are playing it w/ other players, challeging but not frustrating"
76561198086497751,Recommended,210770,8265079,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Faabez,"Like Dungeon Defenders but more high tech really cool, really fun"
76561198059145414,Recommended,210770,8200751,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cannonmaster,"Beautiful graphics, interesting story, and amazing gameplay. This is a game worth buying, along with the Season Pass."
76561198084865967,Recommended,210770,15938641,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Hawksbri,"FUN co-op only game, about surviving waves upon waves of monsters, with a compelling and fun storyline, with fun characters! It's a Tower-Defense with FPS, and if they ever make a third game for this, I would be more than happy to buy it."
,Recommended,210770,16209582,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Phoenix,.
76561198071189953,Recommended,210770,16903084,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Furian,Excellent!
76561198077437402,Not Recommended,210770,15655775,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,FlyingTacoDog,Not nearly as good as the first
76561198087481087,Recommended,210770,16877516,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Jim & Berry's IceCream,"played a bit, i like it overall its OK"
76561198069266262,Recommended,210770,16346664,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GYMR,awesome game
76561198119319067,Recommended,210770,8934710,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,FlyingCobra,This game is AWESOME! This is not a review. :D
76561198031189383,Recommended,210770,8935595,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,nerdchieftain,"Sanctum 2 (S2) is a sequel, tho I never played original.  Bottom line, Sanctum 2 is a great strategy game with some shooter elements, although the difficulty may make you cry Uncle or throw your laptop across the room in fury.  So if you are seeking a real challenge, and not some scripted ""interactive movie"" shenanigans, this is for you.S2 takes the tower defense game of Warcraft 3 fame and adds some twists.  First, now instead of controlling towers, you control a hero FPS style, running among your towers and shooting the monsters.  There are multiple characters, weapons, and perks (i.e. talents/talent tree), giving the game another layer of real strategic depth.  Monsters have armored, regular, and weak spots to shoot as well.  While there may be 20ish towers to use, you can only pick 4 to take with you into a level.  And these choices become agonizing.Tower defense game basically is an advanced puzzle game: you start with a grid.  Monsters spawn and at Point A and walk towards your Base at Point Z.  You can layout a maze of walls and towers that shoot them as they pass.  In S2, each level has 10 waves (give or take) of various monster layouts, but on a certain level you only face about half the enemy types at once, meaning each map must be customized differently.  You must learn which towers take out fliers, baby monsters, and big monsters best.  There are also Bosses, which add another layer of strategy to the game.Now I said S2 is maddenly frustrating.  This is because going into a level for the first time, you don't know what to expect at all.  So you have to play it say 10 times to learn what monsters spawn and where, all the while failing by narrow margins.  Then, lets say, you get to wave 9, where the hardest boss on the level spawns.  Well, guess what?  You have to design your entire tower layout to beat this one boss.  Time to restart the level...  So this is both frustrating and quit involving.  (I can't stop playing this game I am beginning to hate...)  All this would not be bad except a level takes say 20 minutes to complete, so you are looking at hours of experimentation to beat a level.  You might also simply make a mistake, like jumping and hitting the wall rather than jumping over it, at a critical time, which costs the game at wave 10.  ZOMG... I was SO mad.This really comes down to difficulty.  As you are levelling up, you HAVE to make a customized strategy to beat the level.  That makes for great strategic depth, but it personally feels a little too difficult to progress.  But maybe that's the charm.  Who makes a hard video game these days?  No one.MULTIPLAYERMultiplayer takes the form of cooperative play.  Up to 4 players can team up to take on a level.  Monster health increases equal to number of players (2x for 2 players, 3x for 3...), as does the amount of money to spend.  The advantage is you can each take 4 different tower types into level with you.The default mode of playing campaign is to have your map be public, so people can join.  PuG'ing is a really bad idea.  Other players can kill you with their weapons.  And since every noobtard has to play sniper or rocket launcher... yeah you're respawning a lot.  Furthermore, all players can rearrange and destroy everyone else's towers and walls.  I once lost a level because I knew I needed to send monsters direction F, but MR I AM LEVEL 40 SHUT UP AND LISTEN TO ME had to send them direction G.  As I mentioned previously, this strategic decision was based on my knowledge that because of the boss that spawns on wave X, so we lost wave X... sigh.Because Pug'ing is a bad idea, you will see many high level players joining low level games to find friends.  However, because we (or rather I) am still learning the game, I'm not ready for my guild interview and they think I'm bad.  No, just inexperiened...  Also I don't have all the towers and gear and talents yet.  SIGH.REPLAY VALUEOnce you beat the level on regular mode, you can beat it with any number of 5 hard modes (like skulls in HALO) turned on.  You have ""beaten"" the game when you complete all 5 challenges for all levels (in any combination, including individually).  And the challenges really do change dynamics quite a bit.  There is also survival mode, where you can play a level up to 200 waves (if you can kill the 2 billion hp monsters that come out at wave 200...)And of course, you can do all this with friend in co-op and you won't get far if your don't.PROS* Novel twist on a popular game type* Refreshing to see a strategy game* Lots of replay and strategic depth* 4 expansion packs of equally challenging content, with new twists.NEUTRAL* Hair pulling frustrating at times.  (Is this good or bad?  Depends on the player I guess.)CON* Pugging is a nightmare.* Need good friends to enjoy the full depth of game.* It's hard to see the map.  There's no zooming feature.  An interactive map that allows you talk and communicate and strategize with your fellow players would be really great.  To do it right, you gotta teamspeak.  But what elese is new?"
76561198020825040,Recommended,210770,8934660,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Path Of The Sun,"Much more fun then I thought it would be, great with friends. Definitely one of my favorite games I've played so far this year. 4.5/5"
,Recommended,210770,8943673,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,play_helix,"Best td game you can buy. Combines shooter w/ td perfectly, without your firepower or without towers you can't win. Adds subtle and major additions to the first game, most notably perks, classes, and leveling up. If you have a bad layout or an ineffecient layout, the game becomes much harder, and with no 2 maps being alike- layouts can become a challenge to create and games can become harder to salvage. Great game if you're a fan of tower defense."
,Recommended,210770,6016435,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Vincest,"Sanctum 2 is a huge improvement to already amazing Sanctum 1, with improved graphics, a new gameplay engine, and a LOT more maps with the base game. Highly recommend getting this!"
,Recommended,210770,8971804,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Brenny94,"If you love turret defence, then this is for you, crazy enemies, levels, bosses even eviroments. This game is crazy, hard but so much fun to play, unlocking new guns and perks as you go along, setting up crazy combos between turrets and weapons is satisfying.10/10 would recomend if you love turret defence with FPS gameplay."
,Recommended,210770,8971815,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,megacolon,"Pretty fun, good coop game. Gets a bit boring after reacing max level. About 30 hours gameplay."
,Recommended,210770,8925650,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,awesomeivan0,try this out me and daddy play it
,Recommended,210770,8925859,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,The_Wall_X,"Not the best game ever, but the best hybrid fps/td game i have ever played. The graphics are good, the shooting feels good and the bulding is easy and fun to get into."
,Recommended,210770,8926263,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Tangster97,Good Game!
,Recommended,210770,8929129,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,PennywiseClown,This game is awesome. sandbox is my favorite because when you have a maze leading up to one tower pewing harder than the others its nice
76561198121495227,Recommended,210770,8929682,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Usedtrash 7,realy fun game
,Recommended,210770,8709087,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,theworstpossiblething00,This is a great game that fuses tower defense and an fps in an increadibly fun way with the ability to change between single player and multiplayer whenever you want throughought the campaign. The dlc is great and adds a lot to the game. I'm not sure exactly what makes me like this game so much but it is one of my top games.
76561198031236506,Recommended,210770,8931685,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Valthalin,"This Is My First Look Review. I will do another after I beat the game. SO here we go.Game Review:** Sanctum 2 **So Picked up Sanctum 2 last weekend for me and a friend. I was a little skeptical about a first person TD but I figure EH why not!? My friend and I have dropped seven hours into this game so far, and let me tell you. It's pretty solid! The lighting and graphical quality is good. The music is well done, it doesn't get repetitive or annoying, and honestly fades into the ""background"" if you will during the action. The controls feel tight and responsive. The enemies and level layout give you a challenge, even on repeated play throughs. The weapons and power-ups give a fun and interesting twist to each play through. The game makes use of the typical tower recycling to reposition on the in between a critical part of the early waves, and it was a pretty great call. They also adding the reduced returns you would have in a normal TD back in as a challenge. The tower / Hero dynamic is a good hand in hand balance. You go down and your towers are not going to stand up to the waves. You go in with no towers, You're not winning, as beating a wave let alone a stage is hard if not impossible to do without the towers even with multiple players. I still haven't gotten very far in the campaign as my friend and I thought it would be great fun to try and beat the levels with every challenge active as we go, and I'm pretty sure those are meant to be done as a second pass through the game. If you haven't played it and like TD's give it a try."
,Recommended,210770,8932662,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,the black pilgrim,this game is kinda good but not the best
,Recommended,210770,8909302,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Import,"Although a little lacking when playing solo, the multiplayer is awesome. Highly recommended if you have a few mates to play with, especially those who enjoy those TD games on mobile... It's bascially that, with FPS added!! INSANE!"
,Recommended,210770,8909549,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Hansen Me Nudes,"Fun, Used to be a tower defense fanboy. It kinda focuses too much on the person to hold the hordes and not the towers, some would find that annoying, not as much for me though. 8/10 there could be improvements, but its pretty good none the less, I wish there was an option you could look at your levels and cool stuff without having to jump in a game."
76561198095723026,Recommended,210770,8910677,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,MooglePirate,"This game is really something, combining the fast and frantic fun of an fps with the stratagy and planning of a tower defence and the co-op is really enjoyable. Definetly worth it's price and worth the time."
,Recommended,210770,8911729,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,CerpinTaxt,"I was pleasantly surprised uopn playing this game. To be quite honest I wasn't expecting a ton from it, but hours later I find myself still playing and still entertained. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy alongside a typical, yet somehow refreshing FPS."
,Recommended,210770,8912079,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Nightshaxx,"THIS GAME IS EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A MUST BUY!!!! If yyou like tower defence games, you will LOVE this. Also fps lovers will like it as well."
76561198124263955,Recommended,210770,8914516,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,DarkAngel666,"great game, very adictive.."
,Recommended,210770,9790783,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,.dun,"Sanctum 2 is a hybrid of the tower defense and fps genres and seems to play well in both categories. Along with nice visuals, it is definitely worth the purchase, especially at the $1.49 pricetag it boasts during the sale."
76561198064834163,Recommended,210770,9790866,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,BadBeezy02 вяυн вяυн,FUN IN SANDBOX
,Recommended,210770,9790920,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Menace,"I've had a lot of fun with Sanctum 2 and the original.  In comparison to the original, this game seems to focus more on the first person shooter aspects rather than tower defense.  The developers have done a great job with the graphics and each map is like an exploration mystery if you like looking around for all the little details they've put in the game.  Buy it during one of the frequent 90% off sales if you're thrifty, but it's worth the full price.  I purchased a 4-pack for my friends.  It's fun playing with friends or by yourself."
76561198040575054,Recommended,210770,9791030,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,famschriver,make it to mac
,Recommended,210770,9791780,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Cinco Pasta Bear™,This is a good game 8/10
,Recommended,210770,9792136,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,NOKUDACHI,"combination of first person shooter and defence tower, what else can they offer us with such a creative ideas :D"
,Recommended,210770,9792371,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,sir foxington,"I loved the first game.While I've neglected to play this one out, It felt like a true sequel. Good times, good co-op.Text to Speech is back as an option"
,Recommended,210770,9792481,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Forevergamer,"yes yes, play it now!"
76561198012040089,Recommended,210770,9792211,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,The Bob,S2 is on sale. Get it. Less than $5 for the complete game.
,Recommended,210770,9792534,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,☢ Alex The Great ☣,"15 dollars! 15 DOLLARS, pretty good deal great grampics great grameplay."
76561198004704658,Recommended,210770,9792605,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,LinKay,"prety awsome, but very small community, theres like 10 ppl playng"
,Recommended,210770,1047319,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Chareon,"A game worth grabbing, it brings some welcome changes from Sanctum 1, and is a great COOP game."
,Recommended,210770,9821932,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Sun Burns,"S is for Sun Burns, which is meA is for Angels, which you need to winN is for Never, which is when ill stop playingC is for Cool, which this game isT is for Tubular, totes tubularU is for Um, um awesomeM is for Midgets, midgets2 is for two, a number"
,Recommended,210770,9822288,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,jbr_r18,Fully fun take on FPS and tower based strategy. Adds a very fun tactical element to the FPS side and a very action packed side to the tower defense. Everything is implemented very nicely and importantly it feels good fun. Probably now one of my favourite FPS games that I've played. If you like FPS games then its certainly worth a shot
,Recommended,210770,4691713,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,The Quenchiest,Math time: Sanctum 2 = sanctum 1 (Tower Defence + First Person Shooter) + extended plot + character classes + rank system + perk system+ improved graphics. 8.5/10.
,Recommended,210770,9719439,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,NA,Great Tower Defense Game!10/10
,Recommended,210770,6531029,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,reevO - skinsjar.com,"I know at least half of my friends would love this game, yet I don't think any of you are playing it.  So damn good, and no one for me to enjoy it with.Get on it!  Tower Defense FPSRTS super-hybrid of pure frickin' co-op awsomeness.Seriously."
,Recommended,210770,9768289,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Sanosake,Surprisingly fun when played in coop. The text-to-speech robot voices make it amazing.
76561198055818365,Recommended,210770,9768924,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Shadowkitty,"The gameplay is simple, but engaging.  Challenging if you want it to be, by activating the various difficulty perks available for each level.  When maxed out on the 'difficulty' scale levels can feel a bit grindy, but that's not always a bad thing.Where Sanctum 2 really shines is with the cooperative play, naturally. The straightforwardness of the game makes it easy to understand and get into, with plenty of opportunities for by-the-skin-of-your-teeth saves and clutch finishes. The soundtrack is gorgeous, the enviornments equally so, and there are plenty of interesting gear/ability/tower combinations to keep you trying new things.Also, the robotic voices which read your chat text are infinitely entertaining.Overall i'd give S2 a solid 7/10.  Elegant in its simplicity, and filled with classic fun."
,Recommended,210770,9775337,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Lewd rabbit,Pew pew pew
,Recommended,210770,7546929,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,jako7000,Everything I have always dreamed of!
,Recommended,210770,9783764,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,"A2, 2B, 9S","Awsome and amazing game, best played with co-op and need people to cooperate to even thinking of winning. So much great stuff that is added in this game like the story, gameplay, and it mechanics. I would recommend to everyone who buying the game, buy it with all the DLC to see the true potential of this game."
,Recommended,210770,9835387,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ARCHER,I purchased it and all DLC for $2.49 and if I would have known now what I know about the game I would have been puchased it. But luckily my impulse buying got me a good game for the low.
76561198052669305,Recommended,210770,9836623,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Coldcurse,Great game. need more enemies!
,Recommended,210770,9836627,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Percypie,Great game and really fun with friends I recommend the 4-pack
,Recommended,210770,11763958,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Renekage,A very unique and amusing game. a must get for tower defence and FPS lovers alike!
76561198110697773,Recommended,210770,11764833,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,S D B E S,"This game is beyond my complementation.They say "" a picture can describe 1000 things "", but this game contain 1000000000 awesomeness in 1 gameedgnsdfghzio;fnghfigouizahrghzf;jklgbf"
,Recommended,210770,11764978,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Dragon_Klawz,There's an enemy that looks like it has a pair of testicles for a head on a long neck that bobs from side to side.11/10I calls him 'ole testie'.Seriously good game though.
,Recommended,210770,11765037,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,MuteAllTeammates,"A really great game! It can be frustrating at first, but once you figure out how things work and get some levels into your character and get more options, there is lots of fun to be had here."
,Recommended,210770,11765169,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,do antn,"dis r gud game, do play"
76561197961853928,Recommended,210770,11765499,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,dankasarusrex,Amazing game
,Recommended,210770,11765633,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Skvader,Brilliant Game.
,Not Recommended,210770,11765994,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ohunter,"The first Sanctum game was something new, it brought the FPS genre and the Tower Defence genre together in a symbiosis, if you compare it to Sanctum 2, you have the same base idea, but the symbiosis has been shattered by a host of new and untested ideas. All in all I have only have one thought in my head when playing the game, Reget. and for you the reader, i have five words for you: Don't even think about it."
76561198117029055,Recommended,210770,11766633,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Zambie3,Amazing!
76561198065999694,Recommended,210770,11766651,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Hiroki,"i want to buy this game as it's now in sale for 3.74$ for complete packbut somehow i cant buy it, always errorand i contact steam support, yet no ressponsso, i would like to say,i'm done with trying to buy this gamethanks"
,Recommended,210770,11767087,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,DocterPhilGaming,Good Hybrid game it is blanced for both shooters And tower defence players both having rewards for both
,Recommended,210770,373466,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,RAS,if you like the 1st you'll like the sequal !
,Recommended,210770,11767402,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ACOGshot,"Like Orcs Must Die, but better."
,Recommended,210770,11767498,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,zyanklee,This is real fun. TowerDefence mixed with FPShooting ...
76561198046525109,Recommended,210770,11768044,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Daedric,Great game for great price
,Recommended,210770,11769004,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,TheOnlyAnderson,"A suprisingly very fun FPS tower defense game, even more enjoyable when playing with friends!Defend the core against wave after wave of various ground or air enemies from alternating spawns. You are given new rewards when you level up for each character; weapons, perks and towers with different abilities. Watch out for the Boss on each level!"
,Recommended,210770,11769021,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Red Saber,"This game is the best when you play it with friends :) We've had tons of fun together in this tower defense/ fps/ co-op game. Graphics isn't bad, gameplay is well balanced and best of all, there is a rewarding progressive system in this game."
,Recommended,210770,11769034,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ShengKit,"Like tower defence, like aliens. love it."
76561198054796828,Recommended,210770,11748554,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,forgrith,"I've only started playing Sanctum 2, but so far I like it.  The idea of making a tower defense game into a fps is really awesome."
76561198101595378,Recommended,210770,11748668,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SlovakFryJunior,"Sanctum 2 got my attention immediately. It is a Tower Defence/FPS/Avatar style/(TF2)Engineer gameplay type of game. Just the combination of Tower defence and FPS is genious! It makes you think and its really fun! I got many friends into it as well. Have I convinced you yet?For the people who made this game:I bought this game during the free to play weekend. Not only i got the chance to play it first to deside, whether i like the game. I even got it for a fraction of the price. Great move! Even the advertising. All great. I wish you success to future."
,Recommended,210770,8045668,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,420KappaScopeXx,best first person tower defense...
,Recommended,210770,8047320,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Strange One,Fun and solid for a cheap buy. I enjoyed this title.
76561197985097062,Recommended,210770,9503553,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,talonofdiamond,"This game is BEAUTIFULLY made. The characters all provide new gameplay opportunities, and while it is single player capable, it's designed for multiplayer co-op and it shines when you manage to pull teammates in for a game. The matchmaking is simple and reliable, with little lag issues, and the overall interface is intuitive and simple, keeping you from having difficulties but also providing you plenty of options with the ability to match out your arsenal, perks, and towers, swapping money, designing mazes, and killing creeps. The variety of enemy types and level designs lead to various challenges, but you inevitably learn to adapt and overcome them, reaching a fun level of challenge without being overwhelmed as some tower defense games seem to cause. All in all, a definite recommendation, especially if you have friends who are interested."
,Recommended,210770,10196313,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,[MVM]HunterKiller,"Fun in coop with someone you know, basic game but nice time waster with friends."
,Recommended,210770,10205019,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Swiggity Swooty Gimme Dat Booty,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088340585,Recommended,210770,10180928,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,convalesce2,Small but fun game.
,Recommended,210770,10186099,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Frederik Nietshit,its realy fun with friends but otherwise its boring
,Not Recommended,210770,10211577,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"Now this game is cool and all but if you're looking for a singleplayer experience you would be better off looking elsewhere, Playing this solo feels about as meaningful as left 4 dead feels in singleplayer mode. fun for a while, but ultimatly empty and repetitive, now these are not problems if you're playing multiplayer however, the emptiness will be filled with other players and the repetitive nature will become a benefit. because all multiplayer games would be repetitive if you'd strip away the multiplayer feature. imagine playing league of legends with bots only, wouldn't feel very meaningful in the long run now would it? but with players, the repetitive nature becomes a benefit because it provides with familiarity, accessibility and a sense of ""pick up and play""But if you are like me and want this game for its singleplayer mode, don't make the same mistake i did. this game is co-op focused and the singleplayer is just an afterthought."
,Recommended,210770,7491639,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,LilMave,Lots of fun if you enjoy tower defense
76561198113205393,Recommended,210770,10171155,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,armani__ZERO,nice game
,Recommended,210770,13232474,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Fuzzy,"Only played five hours of this game so far - but seems really fun!My friends and I have a regular gaming night - and I think that this has made it on to our list for future nights!So far it feels more engaging than your average FPS - obviously because you have to stategise and think about the flow of your ""maze"", directing the enemies through the maximum field of fire and trying to plan lines of defence etc in order to protect your core.First impressions - amazing twist of genres, really enjoying.  It's also quite pretty!I'd give this a 10/10! :)"
76561198055633191,Recommended,210770,13232773,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Webelikerawr,Amazing game! 10/10 for sure. If you like FPS and TD then this is the game for you <3
,Recommended,210770,13284276,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Don Juan,Fun frustrating at times
76561198163648642,Not Recommended,210770,13267182,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Intimacy,"**FOR MAC*** * I have this game on PS3 for many many months a i love Sanctum 2. But, Sanctum 2 on MacBook? THE WORST THING EVER. It'll crash and load FOR  A LONG♥♥♥♥♥TIME. Don't buy this gane if you're planning to us it on a MacBook But buy it for Windows and PS3."
76561197987743391,Recommended,210770,13065501,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Inkheart Artist,"I enjoyed this, haven't finished it though and I may not in the near future. It does a real good job marrying tower defense and FPS and I've enjoyed all the time I've spent with it so far. That being said, later on, it gets silly difficult and each level later on takes like an hour to beat. That would be okay if it weren't for the fact that I always seemed to lose on the last or second to last wave and have to do it all over.That got pretty frustrating and it got hard enough by the time I stopped that I dreaded what was in store for me in the next level. The learning curve is pretty steady though, I think if theres a problem, its in the levelling system. I'd look up FAQs to help me through tough levels only to find that I couldn't mimic what was suggested because my level was too low and grinding earlier levels isn't fun enough for how much you'd need to do it to catch up.Still, the game was cheap, fun, pretty, challenging, and well worth it."
,Recommended,210770,11767470,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Lust,Tower Defense+First Person Shooter= OUTSTANDING EXPERIENCEYOU SHALL NOT.... HATE!
76561198011949824,Recommended,210770,13121687,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tiaga,awesome!
,Recommended,210770,13124659,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,IzzyLuvzGames,"This game is really fun, but i think if you dont play with a friend its not that fun."
,Recommended,210770,13048945,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sonix the NMH,"This game is fun. First of all, tower defence first person shooter type deal. You can grab some friends and play along. It's simple fun. It's also hilarious with the text to speech chat. Specially when you find out some text codes. So, if you like a tower defence, in first person shooter style, Sanctum's for you."
,Recommended,210770,13052087,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,THE CAKE IS A SPY,Being able to jump into a perfectly stategised tower arrangement  is amazing along with the arsenal of weapons and perks that are both gamechangingly overpowered.
76561198042539878,Recommended,210770,13111971,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Artea,"There are colors, guns, towers, and comic book things. Worth a buy"
,Recommended,210770,13113808,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kaos,"Do you like tower defence, do you like fps, do you like killing innocent aliens.If you said yes to any of these you may enjoy Sanctum 2."
,Recommended,210770,13133445,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Blue Darkness,Sanctum 2 is pretty good if you like tower defense games and FPS at the same time. I like the part where you get to aid your towers to do more damage. I very recommend getting this game if you like FPS/Tower Defense online games.
,Recommended,210770,13133534,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mudslinger Ning,Feels like a potentially great co-op game to play with some friends.
,Recommended,210770,13137867,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SE-4258,"I absolutely love this game!Fps's concept is simple really, pick a gun and shoot at stuffs.Tower Defence especially a build-your-own-maxe type, is really complicated before a good maze is decided.Mixing the two of it, then you have a cold and hot mixture together.However, it is the story that makes me stick to this game as it feels so great despite the gameplay had little to do with it. A good addition to its marvelous graphic."
76561198041798621,Recommended,210770,13019468,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,vasuden,"While it's fun and you can play with friends, you might want to wait for a sale as the main game only has 16ish maps. The DLC doubles it and adds some extra towers and guns."
,Recommended,210770,13031932,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Multiskin,"Fun game, great to play with friends."
76561198037211832,Recommended,210770,12654531,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Verity,"A massive improvement on the first sanctum game. I've played a few FPS tower defence games and this one takes the cake. The gameplay is smoothe and each mission while utalising the same basic desgin feels unique. In addition it really felt like CFS really cared about their game, the detail that went into stuff that most people wound't care about was amazing."
76561198055412893,Recommended,210770,12631064,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Stir Fry,awesom you should buy it so worth it
76561198147247958,Recommended,210770,12956867,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,nimaisam,Good but CASUAL game...
,Recommended,210770,8867259,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,MuchEater,"Easy to Access, this tower defense & FPS game is quite fun and more worthy than 2€ :D:"
76561197961546285,Recommended,210770,11813205,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,xeoburn,play a td game in your browser and save some $
,Recommended,210770,11814264,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,PuReIndi,so coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
,Recommended,210770,11815127,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Space Moose,"My expectations for this game had been low, so I was quite blown away by the riveting soundtrack and compelling challenges of the game"
,Recommended,210770,11815591,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Areion316,The game is Alright
76561198031749349,Recommended,210770,11777392,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Lord of the Stack,"Amazing game, the hybrid of TD and FPS creates very refreshing new aspects to Tower Defense. No longer is it always about mazing, but now kiting, tanking, sniping and brawling, sometimes even leaving open areas deliberately for player combat arena's. It has all the important fetaures you'd expect from a quality tower defense game such as adjustable targetting on a per tower basis, and all the features you'd expect from a good shooter too, such as perks, weapons, and leveling up. By giving each player a choice of towers and abilities Co-op is truly co-operative and enjoyable."
76561198039510641,Recommended,210770,11781025,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Akoda,"I really like Sanctum 2. Was a bit skeptical at first but I really enjoyed playing it. I espacally like that you have a shooter and a tower defence at the same time, gives you some variation whilst playing"
,Recommended,210770,11781583,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Flynnthraw,This game is unreal. Graphics are amazing and gameplay is like FPS plus Tower Defense. So awesome. Definitely get this game.
76561198079897878,Recommended,210770,11783111,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,PlayschoolWithJosephKony,I tried to have sex with this game!... Didnt seem to work in my favor but still a 10/10
,Recommended,210770,11762463,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,tachy (AFK),Really good game to play with friends if you feel like playing a tower defense game! Highly Recommended!
76561198074027896,Recommended,210770,11763066,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Saltered8,"amazing, they put fps with tower defence"
,Recommended,210770,11747337,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,South Paw,Buy this game!!!!! Got it on sale 85 percent off!!! Great deal. Fun game! Worth it!!!!
76561198126613496,Recommended,210770,11747768,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,MasterNagano,I made a long wall and then a boss walked through it...10/10
,Recommended,210770,11747783,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Loog,"Played the first, definitely lives up to the expectations I had for it. New characters are pretty cool. They added in text to speech to the in game chat, pretty cool. Cool leveling system that helps keep you in the game so you can earn more towers and perks and stuff. 10/10 would buy while on sale, especially at the time of the free to play weekend since it's 85% off, making it $2, and with the fun you get out of it, it's certainly worth it. Season Pass adds in a couple new levels, towers, perks, a character, maybe some guns, but is not needed to play the game, and will not put you ahead of others if you do buy it, it simply puts in more things for you to choose from. Character skin pack is pretty neat as well, giving a neat alternate costume for you to use in your time while playing solo or cooperatively. (I dont know why you would get it if you only play solo, but hey who am i to judge)TL;DR, Great game thats worth more than you pay for while on sale."
,Recommended,210770,11747889,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Dementio8,"I have always loved Tower Defense games, but Sanctum2 takes it to a whole new level, adding FPS and all, it's just pure awesome!"
,Recommended,210770,11748059,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ThePimpMinister,i love this game so far only have done about 4 missions
76561198028380988,Recommended,210770,11748342,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,dinomite,This game is great!!
,Recommended,210770,11717139,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Thanatos,Simply awesome.
76561198026045097,Not Recommended,210770,11717247,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Midnightmidway,"Not only does this game suck, but the people who made it suck even harder... Multiple attempts to contact support were futile, they chose to ignore me. Goes without saying that I'll never buy another game from these A-holes again"
76561197970695930,Recommended,210770,11717787,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Panzerfritz,A nice little tower defense game. And blowing things to chunks.
,Not Recommended,210770,11717960,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Creepy,Worst game i've ever played :) my Suggest don't buy this game dont waste money
,Recommended,210770,11718238,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ando,"Sanctum 2 has gotten quite a bit of negative press from users, almost all of whom played the original. Seeing both of them on sale, initially I was leaning towards buying the original. After playing Sanctum 2 and the Sanctum 1 demo, I happily decided on the sequel.My biggest criticism of the original is that it seemed fairly bland. Remove the FPS aspect from Sanctum 1, and it would be a subpar TD game. Not to mention that the FPS gameplay itself in the original was fairly watered down.Sanctum 2 on the otherhand is much more original in it's design. As a TD game alone, it may also have been subpar, however the FPS aspects have been significantly enhanced. Although primary weapons are locked to each character, there is a variety of secondary weapons and perks to unlock. Not to mention that there is still a decent tower variety.I'm not one to particularly care for looks, however Sanctum 2 has graphics that are leagues better from the original. As well, there is a wide variety of maps in the game, further expanded via DLC if you're so inclined.Two of the biggest issues are the limitations on the TD gameplay. As of now, only 15 towers can be placed, regardless of the map size (It's worth noting that it used to be 10). As well, barriers are a resource themselves, with limited number being alloted each round. In Sanctum 1, towers and barriers could be placed to your hearts content, as long as you had the resources. In the devs defence, early rounds don't require a large number of barriers, and by the mid-late game you will have plenty of barriers to create mazes with.All in all, Sanctum 2 is a great game."
,Recommended,210770,11718504,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Jedi Knight,"Wow! This game is awesome! On the first look it was kinda... not so amazing but after like 1 hour or less i started to love it! Good Strategie + Shooter mix with a touch of RPG Style. What i am really ,REALLY praising is the movement of the game! It's so smooth , fast and you keep your momentum in air and (the next part is just possible with my 2 favorite Perks) after doublejumps, which allows you to fly over the entire map! While flying like an angel you are ALSO allowed to turn like normal so moving arround is just pure fun! Ok enough praising of the movement, i just wanted to say every aspect of this game was perfectly made and my only problem is the reload animations and sometimes you have a Zoom at your weapon (like the seconday tesla thing) but you can't use it :c Well thats what i think , and i just can recommend it!"
,Recommended,210770,11718699,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Drossvirex,Very underrated game.
76561198068171409,Recommended,210770,11718807,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SUPErAIDz77,"This is a really fun game, since it is a tower defense and FPS combo it has definitely some unique characteristics about the over gameplay. I loved making my own little maze of death and destruction. The perks are very nice gives everybody something to contribute whether it be dmg boosts or defense boosts to defending the core. Highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes tower defense stradegy or FPS(s). The only downside that I dont really like about this game is that the weak spots are easy to find but sometimes hard to hit depending on who you play as and it can be frustrating if you play the campaign by yourself, definitely more enjoyable to play with friends or strangers. Overall I would score the game 7.9/10."
,Recommended,210770,11719218,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,King Gabriel Diabolo,♥♥♥♥in yolo m8 this game is gr8 b8 m8
,Recommended,210770,11719579,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Echo13243,AWESOME
76561198055179015,Recommended,210770,11720230,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,matha,had a guy kept on typing beep in chat.hilarious voice system.10/10
76561197973152118,Recommended,210770,11720278,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,BadAss,"very fun game, you cant beat it on single player though, but it is more fun with friends"
,Recommended,210770,11720649,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,AtomicAids,♥♥♥♥
76561198014225597,Recommended,210770,11721318,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Snikrat,"This game, goddamn, it took all of about the first 20 minutes of gameplay to show me why this is such an awesome game. The premise of the game is simple, bugs come in from direction A and head to point B, you have to stop them. The main point of the game is that its a tower defense, build walls, turrets, or whatever to aid you in the coming onslaught. Then the wave comes in, but you're not watching from above, no, instead you're right in the fray keeping your base safe as the wave pours through your finely crafted defenses. The characters are pretty simple and cover pretty well whatever basic character you want to play be it a sniper, rifleman (Riflewoman in this case), a shotgunner, a rocketeer or a Russian chick with a crossbow. As you progress through the game you gain different things, new guns, towers or perks which lets you define your own playstyle even further. For those of you who like a challenge, there are a few Feats of stength which can be added into any game to make it harder for you in some form.Personally, I would rank this as high as I would the Borderlands series in terms of how innovative this game is. Never would I have thought that merging FPS and Tower defense games would create such a great synergy. If you're at all a fan of either genre, or both look into this game. This game is one to go either into your cart or onto your wishlist, its worth getting.On a scale of 9 to 10, I give it a 9.895 out of 10."
76561198085050094,Recommended,210770,8839154,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kwoden,"Sanctum 2 is the second eddition to the first person tower defense series, it is nice blend between your standard FPS to your Casual tower defense game. Coffie stain studios has done a really nice job in perfecting the genre and i find myself in awe when I see the breath taking visuals, to the very intense tower defenses.Unfortunatlly there are some point i do not like about the game, like the fact that you can get stuck in almost any map and are forced to respawn and the fact that mobs such as the walker are very cleshay when compared to something like resistance.The story on the other hand (and art style) remind me of my childhood years when I read comics, I feel connected to the charactersbut that doesnt change the fact that the story is really blant. But these issues are rounded when it comes to gameplay, the game relys heavilly on team play and co-operation, I personally have a lot of fun with a couple of my friends in Sanctum and I feel is well worth your time and money. Honestly I gve this game 9.5/10"
,Recommended,210770,8839011,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,BiscuitKing,"This game is like balloon defense, but you're in the action, solo or with friends. Really only fun if you have friends to play with. This game includes a level up system, different classes, different equipable perks, guns, towers, and nice graphics."
76561198121481640,Recommended,210770,8839324,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,sshishko,Very nice game for Tower Defence fans. Have much fun playing it
76561198106675942,Recommended,210770,8839827,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Parezua,Totally worth it!
76561198088455171,Recommended,210770,8840066,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,oh...,It's very good
,Recommended,210770,8840256,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bettie Krueger,Best strategy / fps ever!!!! I looove it. Super fun co op too!! :D
76561198019657457,Recommended,210770,8840623,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,bluehawk1976,"Fun Game, Easy to understand but has a lot of exploration ahead"
,Recommended,210770,8849403,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Levy Lazuli,"I've truely never been a fan of these strategy-placement games. But Sanctum 2 has blown that away with the ability to PLAY in your own course. Just keep building, just keep building!"
76561198096692237,Recommended,210770,8849416,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,The Blob!,addictive
,Recommended,210770,8849437,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Lonsie,this is great!
76561197977064544,Recommended,210770,8849500,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,zeyz,"I don't have much to say about this game except that it's amazing in single player and even more so in multiplayer (which is co-op).  A free weekend like this is an awesome change to try without buying, but I must say chances are you own't be able to resist buying it for long having tried it.The DLC for this game is a great deal as well, as it basically doubles the size of the game (doubles the amount of stages, tons of extra towers, weapons, and perks, and even an extra playable character)."
,Recommended,210770,8849602,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Apheon,DIS GAEM IS BRETTY GUD YO
,Recommended,210770,8849646,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,RunRiotRun,epic
,Recommended,210770,8849664,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,QuiteFeinty,Get Santum2(srys if spelling is wrong) if you like TD games get right now WHY ARE YOU STILL READING GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197978254494,Recommended,210770,8849873,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,F4cili7ator,"One of the best tower defense games I've played and it's also a first person shooter, can't go wrong."
76561198008537553,Recommended,210770,8850006,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Conan the Lunchbox,Great fun. Get it before the sale runs out. Nice blend of td and fps.
,Recommended,210770,8850209,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Quazzi,"Sanctum combines a tower defence with a FPS game to create a wonderfully crafted, enjoyable game. Apart from the Gameplay one of my favorite features is the stunning level design you can walk away from the core and explore sometimes find hidden mines and areas."
76561198008527767,Recommended,210770,11710160,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,ShowMeYourWarface,First time I've seen a FPS Tower Defence game. Awesome. Fun to play. Get it this weekend for free or at least discount! (Discount ends Aug 18th)
,Recommended,210770,11710306,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Zeph.- [Oráculo],Fun game !! enjoy it with your friends :)
76561198074013933,Recommended,210770,11710538,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,howl_asura_kun,i like tower def.... i like fps to a point.... why not mix them..... here you go.  see you on the field
,Recommended,210770,11710712,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Král Velké Moravy,"The Sanctum series is known for its nice blend between between Tower Defense and First Person shooter. In this installment, Coffee Stain Studios has made a lot of changes. They have added a lot of new features at the cost of removing a couple. However, overall, the game's mechanics are much more balanced than those of the first game. I definately recommend for those who enjoyed the first installment, as well as those who want to try something new.Verdict: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,210770,11711083,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SanicDaHergedog,"Perfect mix of strategy, skill, and tower defense. I only wished that there were more Primary weapons than just one."
76561198042026557,Recommended,210770,11711177,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Creamy Covfefe,TOWERS BRO
,Recommended,210770,11711631,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,lEo / trade.tf,This is a very good tower defence game if you are into tower defence games with classes then this is the one
76561198120567219,Recommended,210770,11711770,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,The Rather Large Mammal,"No other game like it, one of the best co-op experiences ive ever had. If you want a new, fun way to experience Shooters, by all means play this game."
76561198075324682,Recommended,210770,11712782,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Sucram,fan vad roligt
,Recommended,210770,11712949,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,chunlisa \o>,"Great tower defense game. 4 unique characters to choose from (and a DLC character as well), plenty of maps, weapons, a perk system for leveling up that adds levels of customization and a Feats of Strength system for added challenge. It's 85% off + free this weekend, and it's worth a lot more than the $3.75 price tag.p.s. play with friends."
76561198078026343,Not Recommended,210770,11713680,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Xx_Bjornisch_xX,"The mac version wont start, it just goes all black on the screen :/"
76561198074622348,Recommended,210770,11713766,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ARMIN,fun
,Recommended,210770,11713793,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,PandaHammer,"Good game, nice little arcadey time filler.  The linux Beta port is a buit squiffy sometimes but runs well.Good levels of difficulty, good gameplay, nice graphics.8/10"
,Recommended,210770,11713857,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Fire Warrior,"If you want to play with friends, and have some fun in a co-op game, i surely recomend this game for you, mixing a tower defence with a Fps, haha  sounds crazy but here you got it, and i think was a great idea, also thats not alll , the characters, are cool and the graphics are good same for the main menu theme is just so epic. for my this game is 9/10."
,Recommended,210770,11714909,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ASMR JayDub,its a thumbs up for me
76561198070124720,Recommended,210770,11716081,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Arigon,Its alright gets boring after awhile
76561197999437432,Recommended,210770,11716240,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Minz0r,"Linux Support, i love you guys ;)"
76561197989124589,Recommended,210770,11716378,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Kay,"Great game, a nice way to twist the tower defense type and combine it with FPS./ ! \ Attention / ! \Rather played multi with friends than on public matchmaking, you might end up with no coordination on the placement and replacement of your turrets (or with a team member that replaces your best turrets by unefficient ones. Learned that the hard way.)"
76561198044797246,Recommended,210770,11716459,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Mini-Salt,"For someone that played Sanctum 1, I thought this would be pretty good but not much more... I was wrong. More characters, a comic storyline, robots with snipers. 4 out of 5."
76561198047521576,Recommended,210770,11716521,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Rawr.Mp4,If you buy this game you won't need to buy Sanctum 1; this has everything Sanctum 1 has and more
76561198064017863,Recommended,210770,13991562,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Dynoches,"Very enjoyable game, played it for quite awhile! However, entering the new year has caused the game to revert to an ""unpurchased"" format, any help on how to remedy this situation is welcome..."
76561198057894608,Recommended,210770,14103029,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,White,Some of the most fun you can have with your friends!A truly memorable multiplayer experience.
,Recommended,210770,14082324,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Inappropriate erection,"A clever retake on the tower games, with you (and possibly up to 3 team mates) working with the towers to defeat the onslaught.It has a leveling system where by you gain access to additional towers, weapons and 'perks' the higher level you are.This encourages the plays to replay to gain levels.The game can be very rewarding, and it can also be very annoying.  There appears to be very few glitches.A good game, if you have not played before, if you play a public game, take advice from the more senior players. Do not sell off someone elses towers without permission and feel free to ask questions"
76561198139202047,Recommended,210770,13614333,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Buublefish Cx,"It's a fun and exciting game, which doesn't bore you (or at least not me). It's really amazing and I think everyone should give it a try. :) Definitely a 10 of a 10."
76561197993426767,Recommended,210770,1458090,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Reyph,"Great sequel to the original, fun classes, cool new towers, and gameplay elements."
76561197983119933,Recommended,210770,13574088,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DEEP_TEX,"game is pretty rad, well-designed in gameplay and interface."
76561198119685553,Recommended,210770,13628018,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Old School Rin,"Great game, a really fresh breath of hair."
,Recommended,210770,13632478,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DJ McMayhem,I bought a second copy of this game for a friend so that we could play together after only two hours of playing this game. That's how good it is.
,Not Recommended,210770,13648199,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Appoda,This is a really boring an eye-searing fps/tower defense game. Go get Orcs Must Die! 2 instead and enjoy a game with a hell of a lot more polish and personality.
,Recommended,210770,11973604,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,WillBeNimble,This is a great game to play for a bit to blow off some anxiety.
76561198054277658,Recommended,210770,11770288,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,DIO,a tower deffense game but better! build your towers and shoot aliens in waves! how van it get better 11/5!
76561198121207153,Recommended,210770,11770783,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,xXx420ssQuickScopingDivisionxXx,awesome
,Recommended,210770,11771656,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,rockyday13roby,Verry fun and cheap game quite unpopular but worth spending money on it :D
76561198001610161,Recommended,210770,11771830,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,J0Hn MoTh3rFucK1nG W1CK,i bought this game for less than 3$ WORTH ALL THE PENNY :) funny game love it
76561198089501467,Recommended,210770,11773252,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Old King Allant,FPS tower defence rocks! 10/10
76561197975981579,Recommended,210770,11773473,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Stinky Pete,"Took advantage of the free gameplay weekend and was amazed!  Great graphics, challenging levels and a great blend of Tower Defence and FPS action make this a huge buy vote for me, spent my whole weekend playing and replaying levels.  Only negative is that the game is not discounted now that the free gameplay weekend is over.5 Stars from me!"
76561198123580237,Recommended,210770,11773689,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,isaac_neetz,this game is cheap but sooooooo freaking addictive once you get into it.
76561198094591730,Recommended,210770,11773945,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,boogaboy13,"Halo plus tower deffence, nuff said in my opinion"
76561198040775883,Recommended,210770,11775635,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,WyldFyreKat,"Went into a (friend only) game, took an hour for us to start the first wave, we were busy kicking chairs instead.Honesty, the game is fun and challenging at times. It's perfect for people who adore tower-defense games and people who just want to shoot things, and ask questions later (If paired together). Even in single player (which while fun, isn't as fun as a full team) it's still enjoyable."
,Recommended,210770,11792932,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Mr. Sabha Lori,"Very fun game, brilliant to play with friends.Can get very challenging in later levels though and is very hard to play alone. I reccomend having 1 or 2 other friends to help you.Has an interesting art style and great gameplay. The fps gameplay is very fluid and the tower defense possibilities are endless.Overall a very good game, great to play with friends and has fun and fluid gameplay.8/10"
,Recommended,210770,11795113,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Monsterarenalove,FREAKING AWESOME GAME EVERYONE BUY IT NAAUUUW
,Recommended,210770,11796686,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,bAcOnShaWarmA,"Fun game in general, great challenge"
76561198062163261,Recommended,210770,11846528,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Grayie,"Got this game on special offer at a good price. Not played mych of the game yet, but it is fun. I have always enjoyed tower defence and fps games, this is a good mixture of the two.Would Recommend. :)"
,Recommended,210770,11846640,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Trojan.win32\ROOT,"While Sanctum 2 is still a tough game, it’s tough in smart substantive ways that add up. Opting for this instead of the punitive approach that Sanctum was built on has made for a far superior product in the form of Sanctum 2."
,Not Recommended,210770,11826790,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Tyler,"I dont like the gameplay in this game. It's just not satifying. The gunplay relies too much on accuracy, you need to hit creatures in very specific spots to do critical damage. And since there are waves, gameplay can get a little repetitive. Unless you're a huge fan of tower defense games and maybe first person shooters, I wouldn't bother with this game. It just wasn't a compelling experience for me."
,Recommended,210770,11831433,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,nerometrid,Addicting and will almost instantly catch you. make sure to get the DLC
,Recommended,210770,12195168,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,BootyClapper,Kinda boring playing alone funny with friends.
76561198064043549,Recommended,210770,12088349,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,vwwhore,"Best Tower Game EVER!! love the way it plays, love the hours sunk into it and the amount of custumization you can put into your character."
,Not Recommended,210770,12060742,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,narkius,"I couldn't really warm up to this game yet, although a mix of FPS and tower-defence strategy sounded exciting in the first place. When it comes to FPS, i usually play the sneaky variety, but Sanctum 2  is about running, jumping, shooting like mad. Maybe i will give it another go another time. Graphics is good, sound adequate, but there is no story worth telling."
76561197970456109,Not Recommended,210770,11746310,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Godsdemon,Paid for the DLC and didnt recieve it. Thank god I only put 3 bucks into it.
,Recommended,210770,8380977,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ribby,"A great game that manages to combine tower defence with FPS well. I bought the 4-pack and have really enjoyed playing this game with friends, it is perfect at LANs.I only wish the game would have had better options for building mazes."
76561198044775204,Recommended,210770,12170778,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,afoahz,"Recommended for all FPS and Tower Defense lovers! Awesome blend of the 2 genres into this exciting game. Had hours of endless fun. Lots of customization possibilities with weapons, chars, perks etc. Suit up and fight the lumes!DLC's really boost replayability with new weapons and monster types.Looking forward to Sanctum 3. Hopefulyl with even more new weapons and monsters!"
,Recommended,210770,12072102,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,NevinB,"7.5/10 (Art kinda bothers me a bit, so this should be quite a conservative rate)I recommend this for those who want to venture more into a game of TD + FPS."
76561198081080726,Recommended,210770,6971352,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Lmcutter,Free to play tower deffence (wich i love) and a challenge.
,Recommended,210770,12073799,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Lotabeer,"Great game offering a lot of interesting playstyles and challenges. Overall a very fun game and I would highly reccomend buying the DLC because it's a great extension of the game and where some of the greatest challenges lie.The biggest and probably only con of this game is the multiplayer. It's set up in a way that works great if you are playing with people you know and/or have voice chat with, but not for randoms if you ask me. Also a very small amount of lag can make it nearly unplayable if it's a hard map at all since you wont be able to hit any weakspots  on important enemies. For these reasons, I played the game almost exclusively single player, which was still a blast. If you can find good people to play with consistently, it will open up even deeper levels of play and synergy to you, I was just too lazy to try :-)Overall I'd say 8/10 for great entertainment at a low price with very few flaws."
,Recommended,210770,12074613,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Psyjinx,"Interesting game concept. 4 Player Co-Op, Tower Defense, First Person Shooter. Adjustable FOV, and interesting perk, tower, and weapon combinations. There is a default text to voice set, which is honestly a nice feature. Very entertaining with friends. Downside, DLC allows for unlocks of more indepth customization of weapons and perks. Game can be played with people with or without DLC."
,Recommended,210770,12078543,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mega Beedrill,Enjoyed it the little time I played :)
,Recommended,210770,12214605,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sir Swerves,Great game! excellent mix of FPS and Tower Defense.
76561198052455987,Recommended,210770,12216362,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Grimderp,"Fantastic game, lots of fun and arguing with friends over where to put your resources! One of those ""just one more round..."" games that you end up playing for ages after you decide to call it a night.Also a number of amusing little easter eggs to be found throughout."
76561198007150992,Recommended,210770,12216850,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Spyly Cyrus [PEW],Good times had for all.
,Recommended,210770,11382361,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Dopekoke (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞,"its pretty fun... until you reach max lvl and do all the maps, then theres nothing to do.  buy it if its on sale, i bought mine for like 2 bucks i think"
,Recommended,210770,11447995,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
76561198007055214,Recommended,210770,11347825,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DevilT,very addictive. mixed of tower defense and FPS. highly recommend if you a fan of both
,Recommended,210770,11352677,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Rage Kage,As good as first person multi-player tower defense can get
,Not Recommended,210770,11457186,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kardax,"I'll get right to the point: Too much FPS and not enough tower defense.There's never a moment where you can relax and enjoy the show, you're expected to be on the ground, 100% focused, and putting out as much damage as your towers if you don't want to be overrun.The tragedy is that this could be remedied with a balance patch.  If they gave us 50% more resources, maybe even 25%, you'd be able to set up and upgrade enough towers to hold the line for the most part, only having to get involved to take care of stragglers and suprises.  But given how old this game is, I wouldnt' expect this to happen."
76561198093420853,Recommended,210770,11272761,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,svG.,I like this game so much it puts other games at the bottom of my list. I spent over 25 hours playing this game :). If you are debating about buying this game i reccomendet. (pard my spelling)
76561198067561082,Recommended,210770,11095761,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Mr. Dr. Professor Savage,Coffee Stain is responsiable for goat simulator. 10/10(review made before game has been played)
,Recommended,210770,11075147,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,McPoops,Just recently discovered this and it's super great#latetothephallusparty
76561198054527686,Recommended,210770,11042663,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,nightowl01985,I enjoy this game though always being online is kinda annoying it has helped quite a bit on a few maps
76561197967795441,Recommended,210770,11241102,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,phasemaster,"Awesome idea for a game. And mostly well executed. Very difficult at times--some missions seem to have been designed with co-op in mind. Inability to save tower configurations was also a pain. All that said, Sanctum 2 is definitely a worthwhile experience (especially ifyou like tower defense)."
,Recommended,210770,2860095,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Yarrick2k5,A great sequel to the first game. Familiar but with plenty of nice additions. I can see myself playing many hours on this game
,Recommended,210770,10097264,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,NEhTagHa,"8.5/10 It can get a little frustrating sometimes, and I cringe whenever I see the characters since their faces look nothing like the art, but other then that it's a pretty good game. But I suggest that you add in a level designer where people can make custom levels, and possibly support for modding....That is, unless you're making Sanctum 3."
76561198084700895,Recommended,210770,11011781,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zeneeser,It's pretty Sweet.
,Recommended,210770,10930486,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ffortissimo,"Great game, nice concept. There are a bunch of different towers, weapons and perks to unlock and the game's mechanics make for a very enjoyable multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,210770,8462439,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ridenb93,"Great game, the first person shooting defintely teams well with tower defense, really easy to pick up as well, not daunting for a new player."
76561197970006668,Recommended,210770,8521257,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Snugglepumpkin,"if you like action tower def, then this is a game you will love, lots of co op action and many ways to make it harder and lots and lots of maps if u get the dlc's"
76561197970274145,Recommended,210770,8521665,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Scout13,"Loads of fun.  Not quite as smooth as Original, guess it's time for a hardware upgrade.  Map is not as good as original but still usable.  I can already see this is going to become a timesink for my son and I."
76561197995574615,Recommended,210770,8524996,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bumchod,"While Sanctum 2 is more fun than the orginal Sanctum for a few hours, but the replay value is not very good. I'd really recommend to stick with the original only if you like TDs.7/10"
76561198029661433,Recommended,210770,8525196,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Murdoc [NL],"this game does not like graphical rendering, crashes when tweaking options, crashes when using steam overlay, crashes when loading and doing anything else. still fun though"
,Recommended,210770,8525909,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SoLo,"Quite Impressed....  And that dont happen,   i played Orcs Must die 2 for a while and it was great and i always said it missed 2 things,    4 player instead of 2, and first person,   this has both"
,Recommended,210770,8542040,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Blobert,The chat sounds like spooderman.10/10
,Recommended,210770,8547978,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tyirath,its amazing
,Recommended,210770,8582608,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Bepis Prime,is rly good
76561198026932275,Recommended,210770,3747785,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,NickNAKNick,DIS GAME BE A BUDLE O' FUN!!
,Recommended,210770,8650103,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Azer Draco,"This game is absolutely stunning.  Some things ARE a bit underdeveloped.Granted that the graphics as far as characters and monsters are a bit blocky.Granted that you only have 4 styles of character to choose from.Granted that you only get 4 towers per character in any map.The greatest thrill in Sanctum is the gameplay.  YOU are an integral part of the defense.  While the towers are required to help dish out damage, slow or incapacitate the enemy, and route them through a rat maze of destruction, YOU are the one that plans and constructs the maze of towers AND helps to annihilate the creatures while the towers are doing their job.And don't forget that enjoyable feeling of being the one that blows that one creature to smithereens that just happens to get past all the other towers..."
76561198029086111,Recommended,210770,7590346,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Cinder-chan,Bomb♥♥♥♥♥tower defense game. As casual or difficult as you wan't it and fun as hell.
76561198024267821,Recommended,210770,3530144,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Uno2Three,Great game!
76561198071692045,Recommended,210770,7942627,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,AlexBurningmace,An addictive and fun game that really achieves its full potential when you have a friend to play it with.
,Recommended,210770,7942761,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Alan Qaeda,Sanctum 2 is a game. A tower defence game. A very good tower defence game with aliens & big guns &♥♥♥♥♥♥ I give it 2 very enthusiastic thumbs up. Jew.
,Recommended,210770,12211577,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lapas,This game is very fun and the graphics is very fantastic! I like this game but the controlls is too hard for controll the game.  And I have problem with Linux version. I can't play this on linux. I've launched the game and game freezes in the loading screen. How to fix it?My computer spacificationsCPU : Celeron Dual-Core 2.2GHzRAM : 3GB DDR2GPU : NVIdia GeForce 9400GT with binary 331.38
,Recommended,210770,12407636,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fishotic Robot,"Tower defense game/RTS/FPSIt's difficult to explain, see Dungeon Defenders."
76561197971252577,Recommended,210770,12367519,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,sativex,"Really fun shooter that's a mix of FPS and Tower defense.  The comic book style load screens really added a lot to the characters for me.  They were really cleanly done when a lot of other games don't have anything special for loadscreens.  It felt like I was getting a comic book with my game, and getting to read a page each time a new area loaded.  Really nice attention to detail.I loved shooting all the trophies from goat simulator."
76561198147082398,Recommended,210770,12441542,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,patrick.pare,Fast-paced and VERY challenging! Luv it!
,Recommended,210770,11734023,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Capt Yesterday,Pure awesome!  Simple controls.  Simple objectives.  Great Co-Op.  Plenty of customization.  This is one of my first games since I went from console to PC and it does not disappoint.  It takes everything I loved about Gears of War's Horde and combines it with a great Tower Defense system.
,Recommended,210770,11734490,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,toq hellcase.com,"Love the game, a lot of strategy involved witch makes it a fun game, with a challenge. It is definetly a hard 6 rounds but with some skill and PLENTY of deaths you eventually finish, witch the challenge makes you feel really rewarded with whatever class you get it with. While you are playing and you are building an epic base you will feel awesome as creatures with over 360k health are coming and cant make it to the core.Now to move on to the classes... the classes are really fun to play with some being a lot more overpowered than others you will find your self being 1 or 2 people majority of the time instead of just being them all. All the classes r your typicall (dont know how to spell word) demo (RPG/REX), assault (ASSAULT RIFLE). scout (SNIPER), cqb (SHOTGUN). You do get different secondary weapons but you cannot unlock any primary it is all the basic guns which are pretty awesome if u know how to use there powers. i prefer the rpg. The graphics arent the greatest, but withh how intense the game gets whether you are playing survival or campaighn you wont be focused on the graphics. I would rate the graphics a 7/10. There is no real story as the game is a tower defense but it is still very enjoyable. as you can tell i love this game. I definetly reccomend this bc when i looked at it i thought i was never going to buy it but with this price it is a HUGE steal so get it as quick as you can! i definetly reccomend this game!!!"
,Recommended,210770,11734623,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,chot,This game is a very interesting game. the sanctum series was the first time i've ever saw a first person tower defense game. the multiplayer is very fun and addictive. i recommend this game to anyone who is looking or something different.
,Recommended,210770,11734696,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Rikka-Chan,THIS IS THE BEST TOWER DEFENSE/STRATEGY GAME I EVER PLAYED!!! The FPS was a good idea! I like some Tower Defense Games but this one is the best because you are able to get in the action and play with your friends!
,Recommended,210770,11734721,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,The Revanarchist,Best GAME EVER BUY THIS AND ALL DLC'S
76561198094919310,Recommended,210770,11734781,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Nick,Great game. I have lots of fun playing it
76561197997198738,Recommended,210770,11734811,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,seanroff,Fun with friends
76561198146244609,Recommended,210770,11734952,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,FOBM Arbiter,GOOD GAME but need more customization
,Recommended,210770,11735322,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SwagBag2000,AMAZING! i love it
,Recommended,210770,11735397,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,C00Kies,Great fun for the gang
76561197974252947,Recommended,210770,11735728,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,IonEngine,"Fun tower defense that adds a fast-paced first-person shooter element. That FPS element allwos you to make a huge difference, especially sicne you can choose your targets while the turrets deal with what they can. I'm enjoying the included multiplayer CO-OP aspect too, especially helfpul when taking down giant enemies that smash your defenses to bits (bosses, genrally toward the end of a level). I'm so glad I got this game while it was on sale, becuase I was overlooking this gem otherwise."
76561198022530032,Recommended,210770,11735876,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Kaa1,"For me this is a new way of making tower/maze defences, and i like it, its like a FPS combined with a tower builder and multiplayer (4 people) on top.I recommend this if you like to think when you play FPS and like building"
,Recommended,210770,11736649,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,The Weezard,"A great mix of strategy with satisfying, mow-'em-down combat. The world is great to look at, and there is variety to your strategy. My only restraint from loving it more are the gaps of difficulty, which could turn you off from the game for a while."
,Recommended,210770,11737038,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Psychical,Good game!
76561198122046837,Recommended,210770,11737228,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SonicBones,for the price(2.24) its on a 85% Discount at the time- this game is just bad freaking♥♥♥♥♥:P got a nice sniper(robot) Shot gunner the only Human male >_> then u have a lil girl that has a FREAKING ROCKET LAUNCHER that burns ppl!then u have im guessing the main character ur every day noob cannon >_> Spray n pray baby spray n pray.Me personally I use Sniper/Rockets more than the other 2 always get the core Health perk :P just incase ur allies are to stupid to do so ;P
76561198083409135,Recommended,210770,11737895,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Pistachio,is preety gud
76561198052843622,Recommended,210770,11738160,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Two_son_squadron,This game is a blast. A first person Dungeon Defenders with a mix of Mass Effect thrown in.
76561198034076284,Recommended,210770,11738452,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,mishka,Very fresh gameplay! Good balance between FPS and TD.Thanks for linux version!
76561197982384806,Recommended,210770,11739567,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Lemming,Great pick up and play fun for you and a mate
,Recommended,210770,11739996,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,[CsT]-Rescend-|M4A1|,This game has a lot of promise!
,Recommended,210770,12505228,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MannieWHatton,"Best tower defence game i have ever played since 1999.Need more games like this. something that is actually fun, not just a brainwash"
,Recommended,210770,12202032,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,✩ Shyrr-k '-'. _ ✬,"Different, Fun, Enjoyable overall!"
,Recommended,210770,12239331,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Frugenator,"Great graphics, music, and co-op play."
76561198027581759,Recommended,210770,12241118,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ghostman622,An amazing blend of Tower Defense and FPS. Makes for a truly unique experience.The game is designed for cooperative play but scales nicely for single player as well. Overall absolutely love this game.There is a bit of hand holding in the beginning but as you progress it really goes the opposite direction and is almost impossible at points. You will love how frustrated you get and will begin to just mess around with different layouts when you get stuck.I have enjoyed playing this game by myself and with others. The community has been really fun to play with and good about letting everyone contribute to your strategy.Cant recommend the game enough.
,Recommended,210770,7513867,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Sicero,Strongly recommend to everyone who like tower defence and co-op fps game's))
,Recommended,210770,12229483,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Tre0n,"Solid co-op tower defence gameplay.The game is balanced well and only gets more interesting as you level up and unlock towers and passive upgrades.It has some issues but they mainly boil down to ""the interface could be more helpful"" and ""I want more guns"".If you're the type of person that has friends, I'd recommend picking up a 4-pack of this."
76561198007114575,Recommended,210770,12235444,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Grumpysmurf,Amazing game that mixes classic tower defence with first person shooter and RPG elements. Not every gun feels as good and the game is more enjoyable when you're playing with friends - but overall it's a great great game.
,Recommended,210770,12254496,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,superg05,very fun game co-operation brings may possible outcomes so the game is always different
,Recommended,210770,12278999,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,GamerRaven,coool game
76561198041639921,Recommended,210770,12228221,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Actual Cannibal Shia LaBeouf,YOU LIKE GAMES?YOU LIKE THISYOU LIKE IT NOW
,Recommended,210770,12542645,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,desgrassa,Love this game.
,Recommended,210770,12472903,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Arcaninesy,"This is a brilliant adaptation of tower defense games into a 3D world. And even better, you get to take part in the action yourself!I spent a lot of hours in my younger years playing flash tower defense games. I built up a deep enjoyment of them that I haven't lost. Through the days of Madness Combat Defense and Bloons Tower Defense and Bubble Tower Defense and all those tower defense games, I built a great appreciation for good quality tower defense games. Even if Madness Combat Defense seemed impossible.And guess how to improve over making a tower defense game 3D is? MAKE IT MULTIPLAYER. Yes, that's right, you can play with your friends in this game! Share resources, work together to take down enemies and design your defenses, in a beautiful, futuristic environment. Up to four can play in this game, be it LAN, with friends, or online with random players.I hope you can enjoy this game as much as I do."
76561198123238892,Recommended,210770,12474547,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Anime Too Good,I highly recommend this game to any user big or small it is an amazing fps and td tied in together and equally balanced
,Recommended,210770,12605819,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Rufeo,Great game! I had a blast setting up tower mazes like a regular tower defense game and being able to run around and shoot the enemies that attacked like a regular FPS game. My favorite part was the first time I saw a huge boss totally smash through my walls without a care in the world. That's what really gave this game a unique twist that made it satisfyingly challenging and enjoyable!
,Recommended,210770,11217532,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Donald J. Trump,"Not as good as Sanctum in my opinion. Sanctum still is one of my favourite games to play on  LAN with 1-3 friends but Sanctum 2 sadly didn't meet mine and my friends expectations.I prefer Sanctum 1 because there is not towerlimit aswell as no damage from monsters and no level-progress which makes it harder for other friends to get in the game. However Sanctum 2 has great additions aswell such as the ability to ""Overpower"" your towers which I really like. If Sanctum 2 could be costumized to disable/enable certain features it would definitly be my favourite coop game.It's a hard decision to rate this game. Imho you are better of with Sanctum 1 but I cannot say that this game is bad. I rate 3/5."
76561198044774533,Recommended,210770,11799379,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,VietBlitz,It is good
76561198047154268,Recommended,210770,11800131,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,I'mN0_Foolz,"Wow, this is one of the greatest games I have ever played. There is nothing more satisfying than seeing the little maze you set up with cannons and turrets mounted on it successfully defeat a wave of alien enemies time and time again. Definately recommended! 11/10."
76561198034903597,Not Recommended,210770,11800841,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Mathis,"I like everything about this game except for the fact that changing the graphics settings ""may have unforseen consequences"" aka make the game UNPLAYABLE."
76561198046385127,Recommended,210770,11801138,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,HUERUUDUEHR,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ill be honest
,Recommended,210770,11801145,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Terra,its fun but you have to give it some time to get intesting
,Recommended,210770,11802303,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,mikehk,"wow, great game. the guy that thought of ""lets combine FPS with tower defense"" was a genius. to create your own paths suited to your gameplay is awesome. there's 4 classes, each with unique abilities and a specific weapon. you can unlock additional secondary weapons through gameplay, and each level of course gets harder. I highly recommend this game."
76561198092146084,Recommended,210770,11741216,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Darkjynxer[CHKN],Fun and a little challenging. Better with friends.
76561197997883557,Recommended,210770,11741347,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Frank,"It is a great game you can play with your friends, or find a game with others to play it. You can choose your own weapons, towers and maze structure to kill a wave of monsters."
76561198067804764,Recommended,210770,11741597,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,urbangamerdude,Love this as i always used to play tower deffense and that is practicly what this game is i would deffinetly recommend this game!
76561198068111267,Recommended,210770,11741678,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ed G,Shoot tentacle monsters and break dance on their graves. NPC's shout the best things ever (ex: My body is ready!). I have nothing more to say.
76561198091967605,Recommended,210770,11743816,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,The Spirit Fox,I love both Shooter and Tower Defence games. Sanctum 2 is th perfect combonation of the two.
,Recommended,210770,11744391,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Hairy Ewok,great game
,Recommended,210770,11744420,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Pizza,"I like this game because there aren't many 1st person tower defence shooters. If you like Call of Duty or Modern Warfare, and games like Minecraft where you can think of stradegy to become better, then you'll love this game. I'd highly recommend it any day."
,Recommended,210770,11744492,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,☥☣Aza'Gorod☣☥™,its a ok game but you only get to place 15 towers max which can get annoying and also the resources are abit hard since you can only get to build 1 or 2 towers per wave. if there was a way to increase tower cap and more resources this game would be worth it.
,Recommended,210770,11744496,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Non-binary hamster,I love this game. its amazing and wonderfulldefinetly get this gameworth the money
,Recommended,210770,11744507,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Dagonus,Thoroughly Entertaining
,Recommended,210770,12730142,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,зимний плеб,"I love the whole idea - a FPS-tower defence game. All the good things about a game are there - it's fun, challenging (difficulty can be cranked up to an insane level, or you can play casual), interesting and unique. There are 4 different classes to play as, and each has it's own unlocks.The futuristic feel is nice, kind of reminds me of halo. The graphics feel a bit light, but fair.There is one negative that comes to mind, though - the co-op lobby needs some work, in terms of connection and layout. Once you get into the game though, all is good. Would recommend at full price, even."
,Recommended,210770,11719699,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Jon.Topps,"I was angry by some things when I first got it, but overall, I love this game.First and worst problem = no pause.It's a game where you are forced to be online all the time. However, many people play purely by themselves (like myself). In this case, you have a level that's 45 minutes long, and you can't even go to the bathroom when you need to. That's terrible.Second problem = effects don't stack. If you actually spend the resources to have two damage amplifiers, then they should stack. Having 2 towers upgrading damage by 32% should make the tower in the middle have its damage upgraded by 64%, but it doesn't, which is lame.The game is somewhat simplistic too. I love that you can maze enemies, but there's very little options available to you in most levels. It's as though you're supposed to figure out what the level requires, rather than simply refining your own strategies.However, the game is an amazing concept (I love the FPS tower defnese genre), and this game does it very well. It's incredibly fun, and I personally find it challenging. I like it when I can't win a level on my first attempt, because the game is actually hard."
,Recommended,210770,11826643,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,dad,It Doesnt take A Really Fast Computer To Play Sanctum 2 Cause I was Playing On My REALLY Slow ComputerIt Ran really smoothy Thats A Good Thing So o.o BOUGHT ON SALE
76561198049346621,Recommended,210770,11825230,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Oenameus,"very fun game.  as it states, it's an fps + tower defense.  There are a easy levels and then some really hard levels.  It's well worth the price, especially when it's on sale.  the guns are fun to use and there are all kinds of ways to set up your towers.  Buy it and invite me to play anytime!"
76561198106856120,Recommended,210770,11978500,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,OddAnarchy,"Are you telling me I can mix FPS and tower defense? Yes please. The action is great, enough customization without being overwhelming, and characters with various personalities and classes that differ greatly from one another. Grand scenery, as well. Very likely my favorite game on this fairly new Steam Account."
,Recommended,210770,11981011,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Skydragon,"Gosh, I flipp'in love this game! xDI would best describe this game as a 3D FPS version of ""Space Invaders"", (but yeah you build mazes and set towers too.)The characters each have personality and flavour, but better yet the customizable weapons and ability skills lets you try different playstyles. This offers a more unique experience and more diversity in co-op play. Co-op games are the most fun of course, but I'll often play a quick offline game to get my fix.***** What not to expect:  PvP *****Sadly, there are no PvP matches in this game. I probably would be playing it much more if there was PvP, as i could imagine the games getting quite colorful and diverse. The varity of Skills & weapons and combined with the possibility of different game types: ""CTF"", ""Deathmatch"", ""Team Deathmatch"" (with or without Lumie spawns), or ""Destroy the Core"" really gets me exited!  But that is not what the game is. There is no Pvp! And the game is lacking diversity of gameplay because of it. The Ai's don't seem especially intellegent kind of like bugs. So the game does get repetitive at times, but it's still good enough to make me keep coming back to play it. ; ) :)This game is BASE DEFENSE Co-op or Solo gameplay, it is what it is."
76561198080509276,Recommended,210770,11967508,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,twolves6969,game is great and adds the complexity that the first did not. sweet new features and you get more then on character. stongly recommend this game.
,Recommended,210770,3086560,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,ℛas,"Sanctum 2..... Where to begin.This is actually a pretty good game, (if you can get past the loud sounds of a million fanboy nerds ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how rubbish it is). This game is fun, action packed, and requires planning and deliberation to combat the waves of monsters coming your way.Not as tower defence orientated as the first sanctum, but the Dev's did say they wanted to change it a little and branch out.  Granted this game is slightly more FPS based but with the new introduction of a higher tower limit (due to the CoffeeStain listening to the player base), it's coming around more towards the first installment of the game.The game feels distinctly open worldy, and the text to speech part is just hillarious..... No really it is. There are secrets to be discovered (roll on egg hunt), and I haven't even started on the survival waves yet to see how far I can get.Ignore the haters. 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,13440618,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jayden_shad(Jay),"awsome game, really adicting, its a mad mix of the FPS and TDS genre,plus its great fun singleplayer and multiplayer, it well worth you moeny, but you may need a decent PC as the graphics are insanly good!have fun! (if you buy this game of course):DEDIT:sorry for the typos, i was half asleep while writing this review :P"
76561198059862716,Recommended,210770,9792985,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,FireStorm Victory,"This is a very fun game that i have played since 2010, it has proven itself to be so intresting and the way the game system has preformed is beyond repretivatiy. it always changes bit by bit......as long as the combonation of players styles and the versility of the weapons are running then you will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,210770,9793008,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,ShrapnelSaber,A fun mix between Tower Defense and FPS that improves on its predecessor in every way. I found some of the easter eggs and glitches funny as it was blatantly obvious that they didn't even try to patch parts of the map where you can fall through and explore.
76561198101676190,Recommended,210770,9793224,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,NekoDwesu~,I prefer this as a fun game but it needs upgrades But i love it so Nvm :D
76561197986032540,Recommended,210770,9760974,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Crizpiz,loads of fun in a tower defence mixed with an fps. neato!
76561198043369997,Recommended,210770,9714650,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,En Spand Majs,Sweet game
,Recommended,210770,8894666,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Vexen77,"Sanctum 2 is really fun! it has an interesting style of gameplay, alot like dungeon defenders but its still worth the cost!"
,Recommended,210770,9690902,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,lizardstab,This game is really fun. The graphics are wonderful and I love the different kinds of weapons to choose and characters to be. I just wish I had people to play it with.
76561198104810227,Recommended,210770,10216224,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Freg,i absoloutly love this game it changed my life for the better.i used to be addicted to crack but now because of this game i only inject crystel meth in to my big black kock on the wekend!                                          joking its ♥♥♥♥.
76561198003067849,Recommended,210770,10578937,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The_Ally,"Good and funny game. If you feel yourself idiot for this, you'll see,this isn't hard game, just you have to know the waves, creatures weakspots,and you'll enjoy this ;)"
,Recommended,210770,10836029,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zephri,"If you played the first Sanctum, this is more of the same and then some, but then again, if you played the first Sanctum, then you probably already own this game. For those new to the concept, this is a very challenging game, not for the easily frustrated, but on the flip side, extremely rewarding to play. 2 builds on the solid foundation of the original, adding new character models, monsters, maps, weapons... pretty much everything, AND an actual plot! But it never gets too far from what made Sanctum a great game to begin with."
,Recommended,210770,13527542,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DiZZy,Love the combination of tower defense and fps gmaeplay. Graphics aren't bad either.
76561198120006986,Recommended,210770,13529122,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cleanor,It is the ideal simbiosys of FPS and Towerdefense games with a touch of RPG. Overall a very good and challenging game despite the rather short nature. It is a treat with a group of people but even alone it is a solid game. With a bigger campaign and a better story it might be the perfect game. This way it is still an exelent game.8/10 when i had to rate rate it :-)
,Recommended,210770,13169949,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Crippling Debt,To think the same people that made goat simulator made this. 10/10
,Recommended,210770,13024441,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nutrition Delicion,good
,Recommended,210770,18254013,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,OmnomOrNah,"Immediately fell in love with this game. I absolutely love both genres that it covers, and I would totally buy this again."
76561198089416030,Recommended,210770,18254169,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Simran,very fun game dosnt lag
76561198065175434,Recommended,210770,18253361,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Picnic,Fun.
76561198161335247,Recommended,210770,18338433,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Baxtario,its awsome
,Recommended,210770,18333967,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,merlin43210,"A stellar game fantastic, I mean Tower defence and FPS Why are you still reading reviews buy it and get playing."
,Recommended,210770,18334058,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,_dotsky,"For what it's worth, the way Sanctum and Sanctum 2 merged Tower Defense and FPS was really cool and enjoyable. I've got to say that I might have enjoyed the first game's general aesthetic better and this one did take some getting used to, but overall it's a really nice experience all around -- the gameplay is polished, the enemies are varied and most of the cool elements from the first game are kept and built upon. So yeah, 9/10."
76561198121925133,Recommended,210770,18336583,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,CrimsonString,"Very nice, inmersive, fast paced, easy to understand mix of tower defense and fps, a fresh combination to enjoy."
76561198132905831,Recommended,210770,18334540,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Samson,A very fun mix of FPS and turret defense games. Excellent for playing with friends. Games with strangers are often a little hard to deal with.
76561198083496491,Recommended,210770,8006499,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Theseuse,Tower defence fps!!!
76561198022122450,Recommended,210770,13574379,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,executioner,I though this game would suck as i dont like tower defence games and very few first person shooters  but it was a free to play for a weekend so i though why not. after 2 missions i feel in love with it.
76561197966045048,Recommended,210770,13608809,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[MORK]Crichton,"Love Tower Defence, love FPS.  Great blend of the 2!  Hours of fun, and then hours more!"
,Recommended,210770,11708472,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,infernalrussian,"At first i was pretty sceptical about the game as it had a mixed array of reviews and not much publicity and frankly speaking the price tag isnt too high for this game. To my surprise after a few rounds it started to get difficult to stop playing the game. The co-op is pretty lively, community is welcoming (at most someone drops a tower on you when youre standing in the way of build and daydream but thats your own fault). I happened to buy it for only 66% off and now its a whole 85% off... if you like FPS and you like the old school tower defences then do get this game as a complete pack and a 4-pack to give to your friends its worth it! And i dont know if its just me but even when i lag like crap the game is still surprisingly playable as i assume the hitpoints and such get synchronised perhaps (not sure how it works but i still happen to play okay while being the highest ping in the team)"
76561197992865893,Recommended,210770,11709032,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ramerez24060,Very good game
,Recommended,210770,11709221,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,MuscularYoda,Fun game. A tad clunky but its still worth playing. Bonus points if you enjoy tower defense.
,Recommended,210770,11709240,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Iceman10284,"awesome game, worth it!!!!"
,Recommended,210770,11709430,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,♂ Maiye✨,"This game is a really unique blend of 3 of my most favourited genres, FPS, Tower Defense and Strategy! Sure, that sortof counts as 2 due to Tower Defense games being Strategy, but I like to think of it as 3. The game runs really smoothly, it has some cool little comics as your loading screens and the characters are well layed out, you have your Assault, Tank, Sniper and Engineer? I'm not sure what to call him. Anyway, the game is brilliant, it's absolutely beautiful and is totally worth 100% playing as it has been one of my greatest gaming experiences ever, and a final addition as the music is perfectly suiting for its atmosphere and gameplay, that menu music is one of my most favourited menu themes ever, too! This game seems to be on most of my Top (Insert whatever here) Lists! Anyway, amazing game, play it, enjoy it, if you don't then you should be ashamed!"
76561197993484852,Recommended,210770,11709595,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,ControllerGV,"New a differant, well worth the sale price. Overall good solid gameEdit: words"
76561198092580872,Recommended,210770,11758919,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,xXMicroGam3rXx_YT,Edit: Nvm I got It Working Now And Its A gReat Game :)
,Recommended,210770,11763810,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ark x Angel,awsome game defonately worth a try
76561198064776885,Recommended,210770,11763920,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Generic Entry,"Not much has changed since the first one came out, you have FPS/Tower Defense game. That being said I have enjoyed the handful of hours I've put into it so far. Multiplayer hasn't had any bugs, campaign has been decent. Will have to see how high the replay value is in the coming weeks.  4/5 stars, kiwis, toenails, or tire irons, you decide."
,Recommended,210770,297334,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Shin Lightning,"Found this better than Sanctum 1.  Better graphics, more characters, more varied levels, less confusing interface, and xp mode that makes you learn little by little instead of wanting you to know everything at once. Good fun."
76561197992996754,Recommended,210770,7816093,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,vincevale,fun game made improvements to the first one some enemy will get you flying like they were playing golf with you
,Recommended,210770,7816149,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DaddyDerek,Heck yes I recommend this game! For only 2.99 when its on sale this game is a steal! Mulitiplayer is so so so much fun!
,Recommended,210770,7816649,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nutter,"Late to the review on this game. 15 mins on the flash sale, I like this game a lot.People say that its too dumbed down compared to the first one. I disagree. Its the kind of sequal that is a different game from the former. Thats fine, the former still exists and is great fun in its own right.This game has vibes of killing floor to me, and it has that kind of every now and then you can spend hours on it while at other times you can jump in and have a fun experiance in 30 mins.If you like horde mode games, tower defence games, co-op shooters or all of the above I would say this game is for you at full price. On sale? Snap this up with the season pass because thats a bargain!"
,Recommended,210770,7816766,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Yerhn,"An extremely fun FPS/Tower defense hybrid, good for anyone who enjoys either of these genres.One of my personal favourites."
76561198046165405,Recommended,210770,7816949,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Gingyfox,tower defence fps love it
,Recommended,210770,7817132,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Barack Flobama,"For $3, this is a steal. You'd be crazy to not go for this. I went into it open minded and was very impressed with the end result. Best if you have friends, but not unplayable in solo."
,Recommended,210770,4975810,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,callcollectplz,"I like this game and you should like it too because then we can both like it together and the world will be a better place when people like the same things, don't you agree?"
,Recommended,210770,7817526,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ho11ows,I like playing this with Mystery27zx.
76561197995276835,Recommended,210770,7817557,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Raise the unraisable Donger,Nice game
76561198015248256,Recommended,210770,7819126,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Chill penguin,for anyone that love tower defence games and first person shooters GET THIS GAME NOW
76561198009667994,Recommended,210770,7819185,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Thaalgar,Love this: A tower defence game where you can run around in first person and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself
76561197991893409,Recommended,210770,7820233,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ConstipatedSamurai,Freaking amazing.
76561198035331710,Recommended,210770,7820421,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,danielwilliams08,good stratagy game make you think...Making sure every placement is accurate to the point or you will LOSE!!!!! might need to have more then one person so if you get this game let me know lol
,Recommended,210770,7825069,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Pizzaz,"This is the best example of game's evolution.Sanctum 1 - goodSanctum 2 - excellentLook at this Activision and Treyarch, this is - P R O G R E S S and D I V E R S I T Y"
,Recommended,210770,7825664,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Nullifur,"a good game but when i select pause, it would be nice if it actually paused the game. but besides that. this game alot of fun"
76561198062374635,Recommended,210770,7826713,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DatFrozenCube,"If you like Halo, you will like this"
,Recommended,210770,8042990,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Joseph Stalin,it is awsome its a fps tower defence the best combo
,Recommended,210770,5580878,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Knase23,"Do you like FPS? And you are playing Tower Defence, then you might like this! :)"
,Not Recommended,210770,7880235,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,init,"My problem with this game is that you do about half the damage to the monsters yourself like it's a standard FPS game. You do half, the towers do half. This is not a good balance. It's a cool feature tobe able tojump in and fight yourself in FPS mode, but I don't think it should be like that in every round. You don't have time to evaluate how your tower placement is doing because you are too busy fighting. I would suggest a core game design change where you have the ability to jump into the fight once or twice per level. The problem is that it gets too intense. Tower Defense games are supposed to be relaxing. You build your towers and then you just sit and watch... and relax."
76561198045257434,Recommended,210770,7884495,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Reginald Bear,I reccommend this game for co-op. It's fun to sink a few hours in with friends.
76561198023234574,Recommended,210770,7884609,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,boolotron,Really great game! Hope they make sanctum 3
,Recommended,210770,8077564,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Garble Master,"Game was great. Really fun. Very nice blend between first person shooters and tower defense. The first three DLC's are also amazing. They add a lot to the game. The last DLC was okay, it kind of felt like the developers got bored and just wanted to get done with it. The perks in it are nice but you should already have everything you need by now. All in all, it's a really fun game and I recommend playing with a friend or two"
76561198089766882,Recommended,210770,8081184,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,midllefinger,"a combination of Tower Defense and FPS genre and you get sanctum 2. actually i bought this game on sale, just for fun, but i was amazed by it, his game have depth, many hero with unique ability, a lots off weapon and tower to choose, and last but not least, strategy, you can have many diffferent strategy on a single map. great replayable specially when you on multiplayer."
,Recommended,210770,11748972,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,StrangeLove,Fun game!
,Recommended,210770,5207451,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Mazzletoff,It's like a Tower Defense game but I can shoot things with guns which is rad
76561198056132597,Recommended,210770,11749616,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Numerophobia,"I would recommend sanctum 2 to any fans of tower defense games.Sanctum 2 is a first person tower defense game. It has fun enemies, impresive towers, multiple classes and weapons.The best part is that you have tower bases so you out line the path that monsters take wich is pretty neat. I personally prefer Orcs must die 1 and 2 but every tower defense game is different So this game is deffinetly worth checking out. There are no problems so far."
,Recommended,210770,11744233,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Triicell,"Christ almighty! I don't think I've spent £3 on anything better other than Sanctum 2 (yes, I bought the Complete Pack while it was 85% off). The game is ideal for players who don't want sweaty armpits after a session of gaming, and for players who want to actually use their brain (if they have one, obviously) by using stratedy to pulverize their foes into the ground with giant MAC-Guns and with weapons which rapidly fire electrical bolts faster than Usain 'Bolt' running a track (get it?), as far as I'm concerned. So, what are you bloody waiting for? Christmas?Oh, and as for the cretins who actually gave this game a bad review (without a valid reason) - A.K.A. the m⌀r⌀nic Call of Duty fanscrübs who do nothing more than to compare games to CoD as if their sadistic lives depended on it - I recommend you go and visit a proctologist to see if you can get your head removed from your own åss."
,Recommended,210770,11749781,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Agythi,"Fun co-op to play with friends. Not too difficult, but does require a little bit of thinking to maximize effectiveness of towers."
,Recommended,210770,11749846,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,3r!c,Expected a bit more
76561198142096587,Recommended,210770,11749850,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Player101,Great game! Super fun in multiplayer mode. Its tower defense in first person shooter mode. Didn't play single player mode long enough to review.
,Recommended,210770,11750670,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,omegadevil85,Love this game. Very very fun ^.^y
76561197982987873,Recommended,210770,11750799,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,braddeicide,Pretty good 3rd person tower defense + shooty. very borderlands.
76561198090323329,Recommended,210770,11752271,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Dreum,9/10
,Recommended,210770,11752398,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,xylonez♥パンツ,Best $2 Dollar game I've ever played.10/10.
,Recommended,210770,11752418,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,x Nolimits x,Thinky-thinky with shooty-shooty.
76561198149753287,Recommended,210770,11752477,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Wolf_Tamer87,Coffee stain u have done it again. Great game! I reccommend getting it
76561198066977944,Recommended,210770,11753030,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,The Brown Bear,Turrets and♥♥♥♥♥♥yo
76561198056662928,Recommended,210770,8430690,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The biggest loser on earth,very good game much better than the first.i would recommend you buy it.
,Recommended,210770,8415076,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NIkonovs,Not bad combination of shooter and tower defence game. For tower defence lovers is strongly recommended for a good time spending
76561198079362705,Recommended,210770,7829875,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Shotsye,This game is AMAZING everyone must buy.
,Recommended,210770,7829934,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kejjian,This game is a wonderful mix of two completely opposite genres --- shooter and tower-defense. It gives you both the visceral enjoyment of turning things into giblets with comically over-sized guns and the intellectual stimulation of finessing a series of towers to do your bidding. If you like either (and especially both) of these genres then this is a great way to spend some hours.
,Recommended,210770,7830660,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Greeniehead,Perfect mix of a tower defence game and a FPS game.
76561198022963315,Recommended,210770,7833057,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Soberlife420,"one of my favorite games for the cost of the steam sale, i still reccomend it even after the sales are over just because how addicting it is to be able to place a tower where ever u want its a must grab for this autumn sale!"
76561198047553195,Recommended,210770,7833089,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mason,this is a great game if you enjoy fps games with strategy. Great tower defense attibutes and an overall great game.
76561198089262462,Recommended,210770,7890494,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SailingDawg,Buy IT!!!!!!!
,Recommended,210770,510610,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Captain Trash (Deaf),Buy it now.
76561198090008831,Not Recommended,210770,7873646,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Xenocide,"no progession at all. makes for a boring and uneventful game. no drops, not skill based."
,Recommended,210770,7876529,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Churly,"This game is a great Stephen Hawking Voice Simulator, although the C3P0 campaign is really well done. 10/10 Very well done. Although I really enjoyed the first one, with Microsoft Sam."
76561198102114769,Recommended,210770,7877684,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,alan.bates123,The mixture of tower defence and fps workes really well one of the best games i have  played recently.
76561198119430479,Recommended,210770,11716550,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Pyrael,"A perfect combination of FPS and Tower Defense, and easy on the processor for us cheap folks, after lowering the graphics I haven't stopped playing. Better get it now while it's $2!!!"
,Recommended,210770,11744540,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Winterbrick,Sanctum 2 Highly exceeds Sanctum in the best of ways
,Recommended,210770,11744742,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SantaTheSleigher,"I got this game at 85% off and man what a deal and great game it was. a nice story line, great gameplay and a ton of fun with your three buddies. It looks great and plays nice and smooth. The upgrades and such are fun and add a goal to your game. Very well made and i want to thank the developers for this game. I'd like to see a commander view like other tower defense games as well but otherwise its great and load of fun!"
,Recommended,210770,11744882,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Strawberry Fish ♣™,Amazing 12/10. Great games but needs more easter eggs.
76561198062647548,Recommended,210770,11744906,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,MobiusTrip,"This game is amazing fun! I don't find anything unenjoyable, its great all across the board! 11/10."
,Recommended,210770,4725748,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,SilvertaildFox,"Meet Skye Autumn, our grunting protagonist from the first game. She is back and hits harder than ever.  And she isn't alone, she brought along her whole Core Guardian Squad, one might even say the best Squad of them all.Play as either Skye, who loves rapid fire, her sister Sweet, who likes blowing up things more, their technician Haigen Hawkins, who likes it close and personal, or SiMo, the Squad's robot assistent, in charge of keeping the Squad safe and the link with their HQ, he also happens to be and excellent sniper and weakspot hitter.The second installment plays a lot different than it's predecessor. Towers have  fewer upgrades and weapons have none. Perks to modify your playstyle and Feats of Strenght to up the difficulty. Tower bases are their own resource now, no longer is everything built from the same resource pool. The environnement will fight back every few levels with various traps that can be triggered."
76561198136131859,Recommended,210770,18248846,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sumps,Great game i just need better internet to play with others
76561198039602752,Recommended,210770,18328959,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,arkadipl,"Very  nice Tower defence connected with Fps witch make that game fresh and new . It's also much fun with friend's . If you like to play TD you must to try this game enjoy, find new experienc and have fun ."
76561198052023743,Not Recommended,210770,18328024,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,h.idenshi,Late game has a difficulty level requiring multiple players... but multiplayer sucks because people steal your building blocks / towers and break the maze you are trying to achieve. Structures need to be colour coded and only recyclable by the player that built them in the first place.Only get this if you have friends (that don't steal your stuff) who will play cooperatively with you.
,Recommended,210770,18326964,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,crikey mate,verry goooood
,Recommended,210770,18324453,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,AsperNinja,I loved this game from the time I started playing it. I wasn't planning on buying it when I downloaded it for the free weekend but I decided to since I didn't get a chance to play it much this weekend. It's a great strategy game but with plenty of FPS action. It provides plenty of challenge and works well if you play as a team.
76561198097731516,Recommended,210770,18255962,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Eibon,"granted the combats a bit oldschool, but where else can you get td and fps together? 69/10"
76561197997616475,Recommended,210770,11731661,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Armatian,The concept is nice and the execution is very good. There are overly negative reviews based on non updated versions on metacritic so use demos or free weekends for testing if you have the chance.Pros:-It is great for taking a break from other games/genres due to its rare mix.-Very simple and effective interface/hud.-Character/perks options allows you to exploit your fps talents (if there is any)-The map and enemies design are well thought so there are plenty of ways to overcome difficulties.-Some waves get timer to hasten your decisions and that adds challenge while others do not and allows you to rethink the level.-Initial gameplay/balance issues were reworked.Cons:-Mobs sometimes clip specially when from different classes.-Mob design while very good at challenge/threat/weakpoints point of view lacks originality.-Low if any storytelling.-NPC on some levels showed very static behavior and were there to aid the first waves and then just die.-Enemy waves could spawn in a more engaging way than just come out of a dark area.A solid 8/10 for simply fun and not being overly ambitious.
76561198092626348,Recommended,210770,11731961,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ernestogabrielaguilargomez,This game was better than I expected. I definitely recomend it.
76561197988872987,Recommended,210770,11731980,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,aaronimous,Brilliant fun ...
76561198074177013,Recommended,210770,11732012,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Guineapig1016,Great buy!
,Recommended,210770,11732056,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Kowalth,"The game is pretty good.The first time I played it totally envolved me in the system, trying to learn different things, and also trying to lead into the Campaign.One thing that I couldn't find is the Health Bar. I just tried to guess how much HP left and then, BOOM! I was dead. Some UI things can be improved for sure, but and overall rate it's a decent game with hours of fun, strategy and trying to figure out how to beat thos giants roaches!"
,Recommended,210770,11732972,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TinMan,A fun mix of tower defense and FPS.  Interesting social mechanics... I like the invitation system.
,Recommended,210770,11733028,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Shiny,"Combine a Tower Defense game with a First-Person Shooter and you get this amazing game:This game is very challenging yet easy to understand.Remember: Its always a good idea to team up with friends, otherwise a flying creature will destroy you"
,Recommended,210770,30732973,Posted: 25 March,all,Ritmo,"Amazing game. Best of the best when it comes to FPS/TD hybrids.I recommend buying it with the season pass, that'll net you twice the fun!BEWARE SOKOL WAVE 11"
,Recommended,210770,21712854,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Excitedly Insane,Took me 2 hours to figure out I could build walls.Also love spending half an hour getting all 15 of my available turrets to tier 3 to then watch helplesly from the sidelines as the final round boss bulldozes through the entire setup.10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,210770,21801841,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bants,"Very enjoyable and unique game, I love it!"
76561198009844514,Not Recommended,210770,21801180,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ilyichzc,"Good art style and realistic nerous atmosphere! But that's all. Too few character animations. Monster's behaviour is very poor. AI very strange and easy. It looks like game jam product with good graphic design. The gameplay make me boring. If you want to compare gameplay quality with any FPS, Quake 1 gamepley was much better."
76561198143602864,Recommended,210770,25681967,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Magicalminepig,"like sanctum, but with more rooty tooty point n' shooty action"
,Recommended,210770,25380575,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Whiskers »-S-T-A-B->,Amazing coop game.
,Recommended,210770,25335420,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lucario,Buy it.
,Recommended,210770,19105833,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Subarashii,Is very dank but needs more autism 9/11
76561198323115934,Recommended,210770,25531293,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,BubbaBD93,"Awesome game. Great mix of FPS and tower defense strategy. Variety of towers to build. Can be very creative choosing how to set up defenses in a level... no one right way to do things. Multiple characters, weapons, and perks to choose from for your character. This game is definitely a hidden gem a lot of people don't know about."
,Recommended,210770,25509274,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,djnotnice1976,It is good to pass the time with
76561198072432444,Recommended,210770,23382391,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Morroq,Awesome game!  Play alone or with friends and either way it's still a ton of fun.  My only complaint would be (SPOILER ALERT) the giant at the end... I wish you could fight it instead of just watching it walk. The last level is kind of full of suspense watching it wake up only to have the credits roll.
76561198049325256,Recommended,210770,25382840,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ryoko,"If you're looking for a nice co-op tower defense FPS game to play with your friends, definitely buy Sanctum 2"
,Not Recommended,210770,626139,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Metamorphic,"If you were thinking the $15 price tag makes the game worth a look-in, think again. Sanctum 2 takes all the great things about sanctum 1 and divides them between the 4 classes, the co-op is somewhat less intuitive than its predecessor as well in that the tower resources are best handled by a single player while anyone else in the game waits around idly for the round to start and with a limit of 10 towers per map you can be sure that the massive maze you're creating is almost entirely pointless endeavour.The shooting mechanics whilst certainly polished are rather unsatisfying in that the weapons take up more than half of a player's screen (even on max FoV) and are rather unweildly and with forced head bobbing during any and all movement good luck aiming for those weakpoints on the enemies most of which move rather eratically even when you're hosting or playing solo.The game has potential to be sure but at present it feels like an xbox game and a shell of its former self, perhaps in time the devs will introduce some more PC friendly features but for now that $15 could easily be spent on a whole host of other games that were actually made for PC."
76561198008758751,Recommended,210770,2525180,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Yang Xiao Long,Как и первая часть обалденный башнестрой но теперь  интересней и сложнее и ещё больше упора в командную работу)
,Recommended,210770,22788780,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jefflel,Just recently got into it and an hour in I already love it and it has got me hooked.
,Recommended,210770,14717104,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Pareisago,If you are considering buying this game BUY IT. This is literally the best game in the history of mankind. I have never had so much fun in my life. I do however recommend getting a friend to play with you. It makes it even better. I cannot complement this game enough. Sanctum 2 is very reasonably priced for such a huge game and storyline. So what r you waiting for? buy the game and get gaming!!
76561198140789807,Recommended,210770,22595429,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,💦underused meme💦,"The Fitnessgram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal (bodeboop). A sing lap should be completed every time you hear this sound. (ding) Remember to run in a straight line and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark. Get ready!… Start (ding)"
,Recommended,210770,13425681,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Con,"A really interesting concept filled with tons of customization that follows leveling up. It was a lot of fun at first, but the game does have a tendency to get stale after a bit. Especially because levels are either way too easy or way too hard."
76561198075673573,Recommended,210770,22172543,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,wrygrass,"I rate the game Sanctum 2 3.5/5. Pretty good.Essentially, this is a tower defense game with a twist; The whole game takes place from a first person perspective and once the towers are built you get in on the action and play it like a cooperative multiplayer FPS game. You can go it alone and try to play through the whole game by yourself if you want to but that's a lot less fun and oftentimes, is a whole lot harder. I always began public matches which anyone could join if they wanted to, playing through the game pretty much systematically from beginning to end. With the help of other players, I played through all the DLC/add-on content also. I had an extremely fun time but if it hadn't been for running into some nice people and a few lucky breaks it could have easily been pretty frustrating.The Good:+This game has a good community. The other players are generally friendly and helpful, particularly if you do what I did and let higher-level players do what they want (they usually know what they are doing too) and defer to them to give you advice and help, at least until you rank up also. If you try to be cooperative and friendly and relaxed this game can often help foster some great feelings of camaraderie and mutual accomplishment and led to me adding two people to my steam friends list who I met through this game.+The graphics are pretty good especially if you like comic-book styled clean graphics. Think Borderlands 2 except less messy looking, wherein everything is clean and new. The tropical-futuristic settings are at least nifty but more often are awe-inspiring (though the environments are not destructible and are generally lacking a great deal of interactivity. The nice environs are mostly just backdrops for what are essentially tower-defense arenas. The lighting is usually so bright that this game could be easily played in a very well-lit room.+This game has a wonderful variety of unlockable weapons, gun turrets and special abilities. Generally I dislike unlockables in games but this game did a good job, automatically unlocking more stuff as my experience rank increased. The game has 50 levels of experience and I only achieved level 33 (or something like that) by the time I finished it. You can go back and play through each level with harder settings at any time if you wish to level up even further (and so unlock more abilities and stuff) causing this game to have some good replayability (though I wish the game had more levels/arenas to fight in than it does and hence more story to encourage me to play even further. Indeed I feel that, as good and as varied as this game is, it could have had even more levels and even more variety.+Although push-to-talk is a feature I've seen in other games it seemed very well suited for this game (if you dont mind sounding like stephen-hawking whenever you chat with someone).+Very, very few bugs and the game never froze up for me.The Mediocre:+/- As this game is not an extremely new game there are not a great many people still playing it. It's not uncommon to still run into 2 or 3 people at a time though and since the maximum number of players per map is just 4, you will get to play fairly closely with whoever does happen to show up.+/-As this game is getting old most of the other players you will find are already hardened, die-hard, veteran fans ranked at level 50 (the maximum level) and as a new person you will often feel like you are contributing relatively little to the battles. However, this game is made to be played cooperatively with others and can become frustrating in places if you try certain missions by yourself as the difficulty is sometimes simply too high for individual play. More players means the game throws more enemies at you but generally having more players still makes the game much easier.+/- The music is mostly mediocre (but it is good in a few places) and the sound is consistently mediocre and the stuff characters automatically say can get fairly repetitive after 30 hours of playing this game.+/-There is great enemy variety and they exhibit a good range of behaviors but they also look sort of like a 50/50 combination of cuteness and ugliness. The enemies have a very weird style to them and I personally didn't care for the style much.+/- The story is told through sleek anime-styled pages which allow you to read them quickly without keeping anyone else in the match waiting for too long. However, the background for this game's story is, for the most part, pretty unclear and you are left to your own devices if you want to figure out what is going on or what the meaning of anything is. There definitely feels like a very fleshed-out backstory should exist but it isn't overtly told to you at any time.+/- The action is fun, frenetic, frantic and gets highly repetitious. I found that this game was best to play for 1 or 2 matches at a time only.The Bad:-Some levels can be so difficult (particularly some of the DLC levels) that you really need some high level players with you to complete them and yet you will probably be a fairly low rank by the time you unlock those levels. This leads to a sense of terrible stagnation and frustration which almost caused me to move on to a different game at one point.-The ending of the main game is a bald-faced cliff-hanger and the final DLC has a bittersweet ending."
76561198039718316,Recommended,210770,22092803,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lantis,Fantastic game!I enjoy playing this game with friends quite a bit. The overall design of this game is just fun to look at. I often explore maps just to see what else is around.The only problem I have with this game is that it is rather difficult to progress through the later levels without friends. Single player defense just isn't strong enough.
76561197989435650,Recommended,210770,19397416,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Koasis,"I enjoy this, good game, removed some stuff from the first, added in some more enjoyable experiance in my opinion, well enough that I got the expansions.Two minor problems I have is the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥for me in New Zealand other than that pretty sick though.Another Annoying thing I dislike is that their isnt a furtherest enemy targeting on the towers, which makes it harder on some levels to utilise the maze you build to maximum effectiveness."
,Recommended,210770,21979922,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Gormaul,Love this game. Tower Defense meets FPS in the best of ways imaginable. I also played the hell out of this on the Playstation 3 when I still had one.
,Not Recommended,210770,21958914,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jimbodavidson,"Go play Sanctum 1. It beats this sequel in every way except for graphics and story. The only reason the story isn't better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor one is because there isn't really a story at all in Sanctum 1, just really good gameplay.I tried to like this game, I really did. I was really hpyed and I just came out disappointed CoffeeStain, Disappointed."
76561198095924054,Recommended,210770,21955529,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,FusionJay,"Great game, way better than the first one! multiplayer (4-player Coop) still alive and fun.  Plenty of perks, towers, guns and challenges  to choose from."
76561198056119776,Recommended,210770,21943702,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bornbyforce,"This is the first ever so called tower defense game I have played so my views are partially applicable to the genre rather than the game.Forget the story... This game is fun to play. I am generally not the best at shooters. Apart from getting dizzy, i think my hardware is also not the best. strategy games, particularly turn based ones however, I absolutely love them. And this is a joining point which works very well for the likes of me. You do your strategy with yourself being part of it. I was sceptical but it works great. It allows the likes of me who are just by-heart optimizers to be just as good as the ones gifted with better eye-hand coordination. wherever in this spectrum you are, there is a balance for you in there.The game itself is fun. The extentions are just as good. Don't miss out.The only thing I did not like is that the system they add to difficulty. I would totally forgive that as it does not break the standard game. Not even close. It could have just added more repeated playability."
,Recommended,210770,21947815,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Inacius,Amazing mix of tower defense and FPS.
,Recommended,210770,22038907,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bojack Horseman,"Great combo of genres. Steep learning curve towards the DLC levels.No matter what level you sre you can always find a fair match, it's great. Excluding the bronies it also has a great community."
76561197991154039,Recommended,210770,22464576,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ahous,very good tower defence game with lots of diffent game play elements from towers to perks
,Recommended,210770,22428227,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Jebus,"Aye she's no' a bad wee game... Time waster, be a better app for the sh*tter!"
,Recommended,210770,7383751,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Anothony,This game is so awesome!! A must play!!!
76561197972357617,Recommended,210770,22362523,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,clvdv11,My wife and I love this game!  A great co-op game.
,Recommended,210770,8702895,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Taffer Lucksman,"This is the sequal the the first FPS Tower defence game, it lives up to the expectations. The developers listned to the fans and got rid of the old things people didn't like.In a nutshell, this game is awesome!"
76561198120425152,Recommended,210770,22799164,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Christopherous,I would first like to say if there was a neutral option down the middle i would have picked it.Great game if you have friends other wise... not so muchTbh i loved the game when i had friends playing but then they got bored and i very soon got bored as well.Good FPS and tower defence but soon gets repetative and boring.
76561198257689107,Recommended,210770,22826599,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,chaosinnz,oh come on we WANT Sanctum 3! Cant wait!
,Recommended,210770,8884073,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Lt. Shadowfall,"Highly recommend it, the ""text to speech"" is hilarious, the tower defense aspect is amazing, and the strategy aspect of it is very polished.Only thing i don't like, is that after level 50 you can't really do much but master the maps, but it still takes a good 60+ hours to get to level 50.I also wish there was more weapons, because a lot of weapons in the game aren't very good, and the ones that are, are being used all the time. some variation would be great.Hoping for Sanctum 3!"
,Not Recommended,210770,20193968,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Arancar,"The game is nice..., but Honestly not worth its price. If you want to buy it, buy it only when its on Sale, the game is pretty much nice, and got some hidden easter eggs, but it gets boring after a while, even the DLCs aren't worth buying but overall it is a nice game to try... I give it thumbs up for creativity and its theme, but it when it comes to replayability the creators of this game, are so UNexperienced. So generally buy it only if u like FPS + Puzzle-Creating and ONLY BUY IT ON SALE."
76561197996249626,Recommended,210770,22856323,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,getagiftnow,"bought this game yesterday morning cause i was bored... played till 5am. its alot of fun, would be funner with friends. its out for 360 but not xbox 1 so PC it is! i would recommend this game to anyone"
,Recommended,210770,22857890,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mirror Jack,"I loved this first person shooter/tower defense game.  The story line is interesting, and comic book style set up is visually pleaseing.  The combat feels smooth, and your weapons feel like they do damage to the creatures.  As you raise levels you obtain different types of towers/weapons that help the game feel different when playing the same area with new gear.  Gives you a different way to handle the enemy.  Over all really liked the game."
,Recommended,210770,14500465,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ExileFalcon_TR,Best Game EVER!!!
76561198087019152,Recommended,210770,22885561,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Insecticide,Really great RTS/tower defense/FPS hybrid. one of the best games I have had the pleasure of playing and that's saying something given it's price. Great co-op experience that practically forces you to communicate. great strategy depth that makes your choice of character and towers really important.
,Recommended,210770,13418802,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ErokTheEwok,Amazing Soundtrack! Gameplay and graphics are fun!
,Recommended,210770,13420109,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pymbette,WOW!
76561197992354690,Recommended,210770,13420744,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ralmevik,Very refreshing mix of tower defense and FPS! One of the best pick up buys I did in the last year.
76561198133995855,Recommended,210770,13421461,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,System,gane kicks♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,210770,1610220,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,SoRcHeReR,Nice tower defence/shooter coop game : - D
,Not Recommended,210770,15323628,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Fr0ns,"Having spent some time on the first Sanctum and Sanctum TD, I was looking forward to playing part 2. Now I've heard the stories on how the gameplay was different etc. But I was ready for a new experience and kept an open mind.However, this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥can't seem to run on a 3 month old i5 and an AMD 290. The mouse lag is horrible, it runs like crap, it looks like crap. FOV on 70? What kind of drugs were these people on?I have sunk 10 minutes of my precious time into this and I've spent several weeks trying to figure out if I can get some of it back, or maybe in the form of a huge cash deposit. So far my research yielded nothing.."
,Recommended,210770,14997305,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Dick Dale,"I wasn't able to really get into it, but this game is pretty cool. Fun to have a balanced tower defense game that doubles as a first person shooter."
76561198011794942,Recommended,210770,14997458,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Truth0048 Meditation Man,Single or multiplayer fun
,Not Recommended,210770,10696796,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Intelecto Nível 12,-
,Recommended,210770,14999284,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SheiFoxy,"If you like tower defense and you like FPS, this is tower defense and fps.So yeah."
76561198030199097,Recommended,210770,14984396,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,mattias,For someone who hates tower defence... this was quite fun!
,Recommended,210770,15037586,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,TheMrZippie,"It's loads of fun, especially with friends. It's very well balanced, and the difficulty goes up as the mission goes on. The enemies are diverse and the amount of tactics needed is great! Love it!"
,Recommended,210770,8834062,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,daerksiea,"Sanctum (the series) is a tower defense based game that is both fun and addictive. Sanctum 2 has improved controls, more modes of play and character selection over the first. I wouldn't mind seeing a third game in the series."
,Recommended,210770,19417980,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,csgoloto.com csgohill.com,"Good game, but You DEFINETLY need a PC with at least 8GB RAM. I have 4, and its is laggy,so please, dont buy before you have upgraded RAM.But game is really awesome, great graphics, great story."
,Recommended,210770,19492579,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Androox,Very good game !Unfortunately you will need the DLC to complete the game =/
,Recommended,210770,18329561,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Tide™,"I Have played this game before buying it, and even though it lags, I am in love with this game. there is an amazing plot, well developed characters and cute comics. HUGE replayability factor, as you can go back and play the level again in ""survival"" or play it with the feats of strength that make the match a LOT harder. You maty need to grind for a few hours to get that new perk/weapon/tower, but all in all, this game is WELL worth its money. Oh, yeah. Did I mention multiplayer?"
76561198014302236,Recommended,210770,11762635,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,☼|DB|☼ Randy,"I dont normally Like ""Indie games"" but this FPSTD is pretty great for what it is, it combines those old flash Tower Defence games with a shooter element. Also loving the alternative archaic art style :P"
76561198069151007,Recommended,210770,6564210,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,PerilousReason,hard but very fun
,Recommended,210770,27720685,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alan_xx_onE,"This game is pure Gold. It's a First Person Shooter(FPS)-Tower Defence(TD) hybrid game and the outcome is Amazing. Sanctum 1 felt like a demo,like a teaser of a future game like this. Even the first chapter of the Sanctum saga is definetly good (yeah there is a spin off too) , but this one actually had a real, well made story, that will introduce you to the new zones when you will go forward on the levels. There are some Dlc's that adds more then 50% of the game, and the story, with those ones ,become way more deep that you can think, so definetly check them out.  I raccomand this game without doubting it (I complete it 100% , there are easter eggs everywhere, even some minigames) , of course there are a few bugs, but most of them are related to the enviroment and sometimes with the map design. Speaking about that, the design of the aliens and the maps themself are just stunning, most of them have origin from the first chapter but there are completely fresh monsters and bossess too. I would buy it with the season pass as i said before, but if you are still unsure, when it is on sale (it goes on 80% discount frequently) just wait for it and buy it without any doubt, you will experience one of the most satisfying games ever made."
,Recommended,210770,27590869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Apache,really fun. tons of blood and gore.. sort of. great game runs on bad hardware and overall really fun
76561198041234990,Recommended,210770,27667539,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,viper_2029,"Simple, bare bones FPS mechanics to truly maximize the tower defense experience in a first person shooter mode. It's waaaaaaaaaaaay fun when playing with friends, or serious/like-minded players in a public lobby."
,Recommended,210770,27607335,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,I'M CLUELESS,Very cool game if you're into tower defense
76561198090688121,Recommended,210770,27798091,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WeizenMehl,Amazing!
76561198050903386,Recommended,210770,27870356,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jerry,I enjoyed playing snake while the baddies overran the base
,Recommended,210770,27887405,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CANADA_2.0,"This is not your run of the mill shooter game.It is a great mix of tower defense and FPS.I would definitely recommend playing with a friend, as alone can be quite difficult, plus its better to share the experience of the weirdness that is Sanctum 2.It gets wonderfully intense at times, but there is a great feeling of accomplishment once you beat a level that you've been stuck on for a while.Would recommend if you're looking to try something different."
,Recommended,210770,26295701,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Vena,"Sanctum 2 is a fun experience.I knew nothing about Sanctum, only played the demo of Sanctum 1, and I was surprised about what a solid title this is. The description basically says it all: 'Sanctum 2 is the sequel to the world’s first Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game'.You build walls and towers to change the route and attack the aliens.You get a few walls to place and materials to build/upgrade your towers after each round. But once you have covered the entire map with walls to make the route as long as possible, walls become useless, and materials are all you need.Pros:-The game can be hard, (probably because I played it alone, and not with friends), but it's always fair. If you die, it's your fault.-There is a suicide button if you are suicidal?-It's fun to play.Cons:-It can be hard, as mentioned earlier. Sometimes a bit too hard if you play alone.-If you don't have any friends who play/want to play the experience will be a bit less, but still fun.-It becomes a bit repetetive after a while, but hey, it's a Tower Defence title.All in all, I would give it an8/10Pick this up if you're into First Person Shooters and/or strategical games when it's on sale.I bought the Complete Pack with 80% sale, and I do not regret it."
,Recommended,210770,25210972,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ishvii,"A decent enough tower defense game with some average FPS mechanics. Nice graphics, solid design. Didn't feel particularly engaged while playing it - Orcs Must Die 2 was a lot better, more frantic and had a smile on my face."
,Recommended,210770,3118173,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Toomadtoplay,Sanctum 2 ended up being a really fun and beautoful game. try the demo!
,Recommended,210770,25135935,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Aegis Kaze,"This game is extremely fun, the graphics are good and the environment is awesome, the content duration is around 70+ hours, if you bought the DLC aswell, which I recommend."
,Recommended,210770,30841860,Posted: 30 March,all,Fyyar,Interesting mash up of FPS and Tower Defense.
76561198006663294,Recommended,210770,24925859,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ny Nights is Hard,Great tower defense style game with an FPS shooter twist
76561198011878417,Recommended,210770,25071148,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pingbar,"I'd recommend this game for a fan of tower defense games. I haven't palyed quite as much as I should to give an educated review but I've had good times playing this game, wasting some sweet time I could've used productively while playing this with my brother.8-9/10, it's a real nice game but not my favorite. Buy it, nonetheless."
,Recommended,210770,26297921,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,spoopy waldoo,"tower defense + fps + 3dgg game, ggalso this game is cool"
,Recommended,210770,26407575,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,AZ19999,"Tower defense AND first person shooter. Game is pretty lit10/10 tower defense is fun, but even more fun if u can shoot things while doing it"
76561197994210006,Recommended,210770,1525883,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Raziel,"this game is one of a kind,highly recommended for tower defense fans!"
,Recommended,210770,26741480,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Thethan,first stupid game i played on this stupid platform its gr8
76561198336869010,Recommended,210770,26486812,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Combat Wombat,"This game is actually pretty fun!When I first saw it, it said FPS Tower Defense hybrid and I didn't think it would be that good.I was so wrong.It was acually really fun. The game mixed tower defense and FPS together perfectly. It's definatly worth the money!"
76561198000702448,Recommended,210770,26640249,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Joker,Sanctum 2 claims to be a tower defense game but is really more like a tower defense flavored FPS / Puzzle game. I've had tons of fun figuring out how to beat each level and even more fun grabbing a group of friends and seeing how deep into endless mode we can get.Highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys having fun and not being a curmudgeon.
76561198023831008,Recommended,210770,26848471,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pyrgi,Really fun and good game!
76561197988119555,Recommended,210770,26796124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hexit,"Sanctum 2 is one of the few games I can easily sink a few hours into.It's a simple concept; build tower structures during a build phase to force the hordes of Lumes into a maze and through various turrets/towers of your construction, whilst then during the post-construction phase; fight alongside your towers and try to stop the pesky swarm from getting close to the precious Core. Players can customise thier loadout of perks and tower choices to best suit how they want to handle the horde of fungal monstrosities.Very fun on multiplayer; particularly with friends to help co-ordinate your schemes and plans. And if you fancy ramping up the challenge; use the Feats of Strength to make levels far more difficult, and reap bigger rewards in XP for your efforts.And if you fancy absolute tower-defence anarchy/sitting and watching wave after wave of enemy fall into your deadly traps; put it onto Sandbox mode and build hellish labrynths with ridiculous firepower or combinations (personal fav; sticking a Slow-field Mine tower next to a Range tower and feeding them waaaaay too many points; otherwise known as 'Space Time Destruction').Here's hoping to a Sanctum3 sometime in the near future! :)"
,Recommended,210770,26610685,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Demonic Goddess,"This game is a mix between A few things i like,So today i will Review about Sanctum2.The story line isnt very Generic,  But the concepts are nice they mixed fps with a tower defence and thats something you dont see to much.Now of course there is bound to be a bad apple who hates either one an that sucks for them because they are missing out on a nice game.Now with that out of the way i will give a complete honest review of what i see an what i like an what i dont like.So your a team, ( not spoiling plots ) an your tasked to kill some Alien / monsters.  Now as you progress an level towers an such are unlocked but it just seems impossible since the way you get cash is weird an wrong.The system of which monsters progress an cash income is completely broke.  Wave 10 your facing mobs ( near the end ) with 20-150k health and you get maybe 3-5k cash a round at this point your guns are rank 3, but only do maybe 1,000, or if you go big 9,000 but even then your spending it all on one gun an the bosses break things.So that one gun you built pretty much is one shot no matter what.So i see this as a broken feature,Of course There will be people who say well you suppose to do work to an i agree how ever you can not be each class an complete each class if thats the case.As for the multi player its a hit miss, between the microsoft voices (which made me laugh i reinacted some family guy jokes) and the can no join while in a match got me scratching my head.I couldnt understand why i could invite someone into my sandbox its not story its nothing but a sandbox.And the campain was a bit rikity if you had a high level with you it became to easy an you lost exp because the towers did the killing.Pro's :Active people,Fun Story,Good back grounds,Great arks,Twists an turns.Active mutli player.Con's :5 characters even with dlc,2 skins sometimes non for chars even with dlcs,Broken Monster System, and cash system,Thanks for reading an if you dont like my opinion comment why, thanks."
,Recommended,210770,26719742,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Antoneeee,I love this game! So Fun!
,Recommended,210770,27024406,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PaintBallGamer,The best of both fps games and tower defense games
,Recommended,210770,27544670,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BlitzGamer,"I was addicted to this game from the day I got it on xbox 360.... Hah... Old times, Before Undertale struck us all down"
76561198167697367,Recommended,210770,27545957,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kokuryuu26,"The mechanics of the game were new to me, so getting into the game was exhilarating. The mix of FPS and tower defense works well. I look forward to completing it."
,Recommended,210770,27559550,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dchw,"This game is a great mix of Tower defence and FPS mechanice. I find myself constantly redajustin my maze depending on the enemies, and collaboarting with friends to get the best mix of weapos/towers for each level. Requires the integration of tower defence skill, teamwork, and good FPS gameplay.Highly recommended. Also vastly underrated."
,Recommended,210770,27964358,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ItzDayle,Focus + Overcharge (Amp Spire Optional) = Win Game
76561198036554932,Recommended,210770,27939143,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nexus-Prista,Solo play is still possible but boring. Fun otherwise.
76561198022771827,Recommended,210770,27943545,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Specter415,A good game to play with friends.
76561198328859999,Recommended,210770,28509964,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BEE,"hello, you know i bought this game i was playing the game it is amazing,but every time you get back in game you lost your saves and settings every thing, i will not recomend the game until coffestain fixes this game ruinning bug"
,Recommended,210770,28340148,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Evil Baby,"Okay, so, I'm going to keep this short. This game was a suprise, I got it on sale and decided to give it a shot. If you are a fan of fps and TD games... somehow, some way, this is a magical combination of them both. It just works. For the price this is a 10/10"
76561198156792665,Recommended,210770,28394687,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,themolluskk,"Years later, Sanctum 2 is still a great title. Tower Defense/FPS hybrid was executed almost perfectly & it is difficult but not to the point of ragequit.  Graphics are a bit dated but not by much at all & it runs on both newer hardware & older setups.  It's easy to get lost in designing & redesigning the mazes (see: 3hrs in the zone) & the FPS is short, but satisfying.  Bosses are tough if you can't hit their weak spots & flying enemies can be incredibly frustrating if the maze isn't planned accordingly, but that just makes you want to play more to tweak what you've made.All in all a great game & very fun one to play with friends who are also into the strategy defense genre.  If you're looking for a game that's FPS at it's core gameplay, though, you'll probably want to look elsewhere because despite there being a decent weapons/skills tree to unlock, it's not up to par with major label FPS.  Still a good community of players & closed parties is always a great thing. Atmospheric electronic soundtrack is very fitting. Definitely solid in all aspects.I recommend this game to any of you who are reading these comments & leaning towards buying it.  Definitely a few bucks well spent!"
,Recommended,210770,23755304,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TriNitro4,I played this game for a bit when it was free (2014) and I really enjoyed it. I didn't get much gameplay in since I was busy. I regret this now as it's no longer free but since it's on steam summer sale and I assume it has much more content now it's released for sale I may pick it up again.
76561198130401192,Recommended,210770,23927293,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HaveSomeCHEESE,"Great fun!  I love fps and td, so this was a good deal for me.  It's really a fps puzzle game.  Love the gameplay and the variety of weapons, towers, and perks.  Different difficulty settings can make it as challenging as you'd like it to be.  Only thing I don't like about it is lack of voice chat, which is dumb, because who the ♥♥♥♥ has time to type♥♥♥♥♥♥when there's hordes of monsters coming to tear you apart?"
,Recommended,210770,23577358,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,JSKROX,Loved this game.
,Recommended,210770,23591316,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Carl Meatdragon jr.,Once I got dlc it became way more fun one of my favorite tower defense games
,Recommended,210770,23558490,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,PotatoManDies,Tower Defence in first person? Heck yes.
,Recommended,210770,23802202,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JacksenOK,Very fun tower defence fps game reconmend it for its huge sale
,Recommended,210770,23798275,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alpha-Bravo-Cheese-Cake,First of all buy it if its on sale.it's the best tower defense game I ever playedThe graphics I would rate it 8/10The sound quality is goodThe Gameplay is niceBut it gets boaring if you play alone.it's best to play with some friends or onlineOverall its a great game
,Recommended,210770,23781888,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pepethor,"Amazing hybrid of FPS + horde mode + tower defense. Co-op is a fun blast, single player is also unexpectedly fun. DO IT.They improved upon the first game so much, its unbelieveable. First Sanctum was already a great game but had a strong indie feel to it, it was rough around the edges, had me wish for more. Sanctum 2 covers everything that was missed in the first one, it add even more to it. I'm so happy I bought this. Must own, especially if you're looking for a good CO OP game."
,Recommended,210770,23849379,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TC zero fukcs,its a hard game if you are alonebut its fun to play and spend time on it
76561198114022005,Recommended,210770,11747301,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Rofl Harris,Sanctum 2 is quite an original game with putting fps and tower defence into one and does it quite successfully. It is a very enjoyable game with decent graphics and good control. If you are into fps or tower defence or both I would highly recomend this game! 10/10
,Recommended,210770,23792284,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CrazyRage,well... i love candy
,Recommended,210770,3198714,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,The Chairman,Dungeon Defenders with guns.
,Recommended,210770,16355478,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,StormyFalcon,This game got me into PC games
,Recommended,210770,22188151,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SkriffinSnowman,Sanctum 2 is next generation fps and tower-defense.
,Recommended,210770,25240253,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Laziel,Definitely a game worth getting. I would highly recommend the DLC as well seing as they are super fun
76561198080767846,Recommended,210770,25290019,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,WhiteCherry,spent 8 out of my 16 hours messing with the text to chat with my friends
,Recommended,210770,20139162,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cthulhu,Only game i know like it.
76561198153806071,Recommended,210770,20184393,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,General Kitten,"Really fun tower defense game, but compared to other in the cathegory this one allows you to run around killing the monsters with 4 unique kits with different weapons. You can play the stages with your friends if you want to. It has good graphics, fun gameplay and it's really hard."
,Recommended,210770,20152773,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SuperHD,aliens cant jump simply jump over these short towers10/10
76561197971600520,Recommended,210770,16193584,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Yiiiip YipYipYip,Pro:Interesting FPS TD game.Decent level and character graphics.Con:Lacking Optimization/polish.Huge open areas on some levels with very few wall parts.Monster grapics are lacking.
,Recommended,210770,8244347,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,CommyMist,"Le jeu est comme une combinaison de mystère de la moutarde et de la laitue , le tout tourbillonné dans une étrange , mélange érotique de blanc bonté gluant . Les hommes sont debout à ma porte , je pense qu'ils ont pris ma mère, et mi padre , mais il est bien parce que cette toilette Pizza sera pas me laisser tomber . Papa."
76561198207599911,Recommended,210770,20244124,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,fat taxi driver Rafu,this game is awsome. its really hard when u buy the complete pack becasue it adds alot more maps that are so frustrating and difficult. this is a nice game to play when ur bored from cod or other fps shooter since this is a fps and tower defence. keep making these awsome games.
76561198034745617,Recommended,210770,20278737,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ecc,"The best blend of tower defense and FPS that I've ever played. Be aware: the online community (in my experience) has been less than stellar, and it would be best if you could talk a friend or two into getting the game with you."
76561198000481774,Recommended,210770,20383946,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,pwilson3,"Awesome, spent loads of hours on this game. Great single and multi player.Careful when playing, you're time will disappear."
,Recommended,210770,20366856,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ChainLynx,
,Recommended,210770,20422749,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,Best played with friends.
,Recommended,210770,20423020,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mr.Noob | hellcase.com,You like aliens?you like Big a$$ gun?well this is a game for you!!!You like huges robotic arms?you like tower defence?well this is a game for you!!!you like getting squashed by a tower base and dont die with just 1 health??WELLL THIS IS A GAME FOR YOU!!!
,Recommended,210770,20415175,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Flash,i play as the anime gir so i can look at dat butt
,Recommended,210770,20403412,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,SweetVengeance,-Good Gameplay-Good Atmosphere-Good Graphics-Good StoryTower Defense meets FPS... awesome Game!    Even better in Coop-Action with friends :D
76561198064202545,Recommended,210770,30675315,Posted: 22 March,all,']['{[]}{[]}{[_,"Fantastic game that is very creative. A really good take on the usual tower defense games. Highly recommend it, especially for the price. This game is even better with friends."
76561198005771481,Recommended,210770,20336865,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Frank,"Fun combination of action and tower defense.  Great for two player co-op.  Great for couples play (husband and wife, or boyfriend and girlfriend).  As compared to say Orcs Must Die! 2, another great game of this type, the difference is that you can build a maze using your towers.  There is individual play during each wave, as you control your character shooting aliens to prevent them from reaching your team's core, but even then it can help to cooperate on who's standing where and shooting which aliens how (for example, who's shooting flying aliens with the right weapon for that).  At the moment there's a gap in the market for this type of game, with Sanctum 2 and Orcs Must Die! 2 having been out for a few years, with only Dungeon Defenders 2 as a new game in this genre for people who like this type of game (but Orcs Must Die! Unchained on the horizon)."
76561198176021781,Recommended,210770,19948128,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ASD,good
,Recommended,210770,19918326,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ekagrah,"Best tower defense type game, being part of the defense makes it much more enjoyable. In-Game community has always been polite."
76561198083553269,Recommended,210770,19952055,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,XxXMLJESUSXxX,it iz gud
,Recommended,210770,20039352,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Falcon,"This game is a great game to play with friends, get it while it's cheap. 10/10 would get killed by squishy mushroom again."
76561198117190210,Recommended,210770,20055836,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,gunslinger_|_,"Awsome game! either you play it in single or with friends it is entertaining, Actual fun is on 5 FOS (Hardest difficulty."
,Recommended,210770,20107566,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Stevoni,An enjoyable game that is slightly more difficult than the first. This sequal does include a lot more customization for the character and a few new towers allowing for more replay value.The campaign style progression is a nice addition which helps give a backstory to the hordes of aliens who need to be mowed down.Overall a 7/10 and would recommend to friends.
,Recommended,210770,20105249,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,mausama9848,"Awesome game, it is much more fun to play with friends in COOP."
76561198044735878,Recommended,210770,20575163,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Crythulm,This game is a ton of fun for anyone that likes tower defence games and even if your not all that great at FPSs you can still realy get behind the insane set up for weapons and combat. Who didnt like using a rocket launcher or drone gun. 12/10 and I 5 stared all missions.
,Recommended,210770,20712080,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,DauntSky ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Sanctum 2 is a fun game to play with friends. It starts quick so you can multiple times in a short amount of time. Also you don't need a real high end pc to enjoy this game just a good connection then you can start building your defence systems and start shooting monsters.
76561198061304549,Recommended,210770,20708591,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,NC Stuntman,"Great game with good mixture of Tower Defense (TD) and First Person Shooter (FPS).  I will note however that alot of guns seems truly underpowered compared to others.  More so, the match-making is kind of a way to cheat the system towards leveling up.  I have personally witnessed lower players hop into much higher level player games and jump up a multitude of levels thus enabling them upgrades and such not regularly available to them.  There is typically a means to ""herding,"" the waves of monsters that makes for easier defense per map, however all it takes is for one ""bad,"" player to not appropriately put their towers into an area or not participate in upgrading towers to ruin the moment.  Far too often a player can nearly go AFK for most of the fight and garner upgrade points which seems rather dirty to the players who actually participate.  I do love the game overall and honestly am waiting for a third installment of this game.  Some of the achievements seem rather goofy at times such as ""with X ability, do X ability X amount of times.""  Outside of that, I do recommend this game to anyone."
76561198023547206,Recommended,210770,20729528,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ST.mal,Good game that is all.
,Recommended,210770,20685661,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Silver,"Tower defense, class based 4 player online coop first person shooter, that's pretty awesome. Combining what's fun about different style of games into one. And it has that CSGO precise aiming to it.What I would like to see next is better maps and user created maps and contect. As it is, it's still very good, very enjoyable, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,210770,13384650,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Chris' Balls,"Very underrated. A very versatile tower defence game, most fun when played with friends :)"
,Recommended,210770,21614114,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,J423D,A quaint 3d tower defense game that from this reviewers perspective is amazing.
,Recommended,210770,21602690,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Сладкий Орешек,"Fun, fun, fun, challenge."
,Recommended,210770,21581765,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MarurabaATX,
,Recommended,210770,20336986,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tyranyus,Lots of fun by yourself and tons of fun with a freind
,Recommended,210770,26035443,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,JLaze Coconut,Seriously fun for a SERIOUSLY good price. FYI If you're getting dizzy from playing TURN OFF MOTION BLUR!
,Recommended,210770,10849217,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sheppy,"It's a nice game, but most fun comes from the coop mode, so if you buy this make sure you have some friends to play with."
,Recommended,210770,30888597,Posted: 1 April,all,__,Good game.. would like to be able to upgrade weapons.
76561198074759430,Recommended,210770,26146513,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,deepleeder,"So this is a pretty cool game, Tower defence plus FPS gives it something a little different which makes it intriguing. I'm generally crap at games though and the tragic part of it for me is that ""easy mode"" is pathetically easy and therefore no fun or challenge, but I'm finding the campaign F***ing impossible - I need a middle ground!! Having said that, maybe it's a game which is damn hard on your lonesome but acheivable co-op. If only I had friends...boo-hoo, little violin etc."
76561198058012560,Recommended,210770,24540078,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ferbys,A fantastic game of alien exploding goodness.
,Recommended,210770,24634014,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,NyctoKento,"Great game. Only complaint is that my xbox controller is sometimes unresponsive on menu/pause screens. Otherwise, controller works perfectly in-game. DLC is necessary! Game seems too short without it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,210770,15170921,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,[BOT],Well balanced overall.
,Recommended,210770,26280315,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sanic™ bets.gg,es ok
,Recommended,210770,26280403,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Longpig,I had great fun playing this with a couple friends. It was fairly short but because it was in seperate missions I could often drag one or both of them into a game for a bit despite them beging fairly busy nowadays and so was really glad I picked up a 4 pack of it.
76561198021370562,Recommended,210770,8824250,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Thralian,"Very good game, it also creates the need of playing it co-op to beat the final levels..."
,Recommended,210770,27748495,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cyoplr,Quite fun. the only thing that would make it better is if there was a custom map maker.
76561198097839842,Not Recommended,210770,14300698,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[KRAG] Bird,Not really worth it. If you like Tower Defense games this is a good one but it wont make you love tower defense if you are indiffrent to it.
76561198126093552,Recommended,210770,14502987,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Pat_Magroin089,"Great game considering my fairly low-end machine can play it. If you have a toaster 2.0, enjoy FPS and tower defense games then this is definitely worth a play. I was surprised by the RPG elements of it as well, your character upgrades as you play through the campaign allowing you to equip additional weaponry and towers.Bonus fun if you have a friend who can play it with you!"
,Not Recommended,210770,15510175,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Nomad,Really just a first person Tower defence game. Sure it looks pretty but the gameplay is boring and slow. Not worth your money when you can play hundreds of tower defences games for free on flash game sites.
76561198028746080,Recommended,210770,15512836,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Torchbearer,"Co-op is love, Co-op is life"
76561197978843039,Recommended,210770,15404681,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,s[i]c,nice
,Recommended,210770,15424049,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Joebobleebob,A perfect blend of TDF and FPS. A great game all around.
,Recommended,210770,15296219,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,can i eat yo ass?,FPS+TD=dis
76561198077095562,Recommended,210770,6845230,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Legendary Force User,"This game is... simply, the best tower defence game I have ever played!  Great FPS game as well, it has just the right combination of both, for example: you could go a couple rounds without towers, but you'll need them eventually, and you can add feats of strength to get more xp to level up faster, and it makes the game harder!GREAT GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,210770,15287600,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,GraphicX,"Was fun, but I struggled to maintain an interest & complete it.  Buy if you can pick it up for cheap."
,Recommended,210770,14989582,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Haakonsson,Very good fast first-person shooter 10/10 but nees a fast pc to run
76561198084828552,Recommended,210770,14968517,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SloweyeJoe,fun coop tower defense
76561198068755857,Recommended,210770,14859739,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Lithion,"I bought this on Steam's co-op sale for just $3. My friend bought it also. Neither one of us had ever played a tower defense game before, and we had no idea of what we were getting into. We just figured we would try the game since it was so cheap.......So now here we are, a few weeks later, and I am wholeheartedly recommending this game for co-op play! My friend and I spent about 16 hours beating this game (just beat each level once), and I feel like I got an AMAZING deal! $3 for 16 hours of fun with my friend. Can't beat that.Now about the game...It's such a cool concept. Tower defense + FPS. The guns/classes are unique and fun! The towers are interesting, and most of them are well balanced so you actually use them. The levels are varied and have a great atmosphere and art style. The enemies are also very varied, and offer a great depth of strategy as most of them have some sort of weakness, that you can exploit.And fighting off waves of monster baddies by wisely utilizing towers, with your buddy at your side, is such a great feeling! This is a great game to just pick up and play. My friend and I went into this not knowing how to play at all, but within 20 minutes we were already having fun!My friend loved to play the rocket girl and AOE everything. Meanwhile I loved the robot sniper and doing great weakspot crits (especially on those bobbleheads!). I highly recommend this for some quick co-op fun, even at $15 it should be worth it."
76561198069983128,Recommended,210770,14860233,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ChasingTheDark,"Sanctum 2 is a first-person shooter, strategy tower defense game that allows you not only to build towers to help defend, but create your very own path for enemies to follow, allowing you to control where they go. Build towers, create the path, create turrets and help blast them away!Gameplay/Campaign+ Tower defense+ First-person shooter+ Nice amount of towers/weapons/characters to choose from+ Character perks+ Create your own path+ Decent story length+ Replayability with feats of strength- Lacks customization- Some maps force you to create a path a certain waySanctum 2 is much better playing with friends, I will start with that. There are 15 levels; each has the same five perks you can activate to make the game more challenging, giving the game replayability with each level. Each map looks different, and you can customize the path that the enemies take, however some levels are quite small or restrictive, not really giving you many options on paths. The towers are varied, each with its own strength, and are able to be upgraded giving a nice choice in your personal play style. There are four different characters you can pick to play; each has their own weapon type, and an off-hand weapon, as well as individual perks. Despite this, I felt the game was lacking in the customization department, or limited it too much. Still a fun, entertaining, tower-defense strategy game with a first-person shooter element. If you are familiar with Dungeon Defenders, it is essentially the same except as a FPS. Took me about 12 hours to finish the campaign, and a lot more game time to be had with feats of strength.Graphics+ Beautiful environment+ Variety of locations+ Well-made characters+ Well-polished enemies/towersThe graphics are excellent, with a nice variety of beautiful environments and maps with no one location looking exactly the same. Characters, towers, and enemies are well-made, and look very polished.Story/Audio+ Good dialogue+ Some funny lines+ Decent background music- Annoying voice lines- Boring story lineThe story and audio was decent, but had room for improvement. Some dialogue with the characters were entertaining, and they had funny lines, but they also had many annoying lines that they simply just repeated over and over while playing and it got old quite quickly. The background music was alright, but not breathtaking by any means. The story was, to me, quite boring. But frankly you don't buy this game for the story. Before each new level you get a small comic that gives you a bit of story and it is worth reading/skimming, but that's about it.Overview/Quick ReviewSanctum 2 is a well-polished, and well-executed first-person shooter tower defense game that lets you create your own path, turrets, and help shoot them away. Nice variety in maps, characters, weapons, and towers that let you choose your playstyle. Decent campaign length (Took me about 12 hours) with a forgettable story, but feats of strength give the game replayability by making levels more challenging with each feat (five total) you make active. This game is very fun solo, but much more fun with friends, and your time and money. 15$ is a reasonable price, but if you are still skeptical I suggest you pick it up on sale for sure, just so you don't miss out on this game.Sanctum 2 delivers an addictive and entertaining mix of a FPS with that of a strategic tower defense game."
,Recommended,210770,9845388,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,fresse im voice,"- you get stuck in the environment every 5 minutes or so- models are so huge you basically dont see anything when you equip certain weapons/tools- the story is... wait , I dont remember any story- some turrets loose dps per cost when upgraded and others dont do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥anyways-one class ist straightup useless+ the game is unintentionally funny ( head bobblers? more like testicle wavers )+ nice diversity regarding weapons, turrets and perksbut somehow, it still is fun to play"
,Recommended,210770,16472972,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,hG,First Person tower Deffenseone of my favourite type of gameand im happy with this gamejust make my dream come truethe best tower deffense game i ever playedcomes with creative way of deffending your CORElots of towers u can build to protect the COREenemies you never seen beforegraphic also Fineand the most importantUnlimited ammo >:)Sadly i lost the game fileit means THE END for me
,Recommended,210770,3494142,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Malakariak,"Amazing Game, better shooting mechanics than the first one. This game also highlights the need to be efficent with maze construction and tower placement by only giving you a limited amount of towers and tower bases you can place. For those looking for something a little more than just a shooter, yall should try this game out."
,Recommended,210770,17482342,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,profligate,a lot of fun
76561198060036816,Recommended,210770,26496161,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Jimmy Lander,"This game is really worth it. The core gameplay is stunningly fun and challenging. Coffee Stain Studios are MASTERS in creating futuristic games and the weapons in this games are all so unique, different and amazing and they're probably the thing I enjoy the most. You can add layers of difficulty to spice it up, play with friends or solo and there are gamemodes like sandbox and others.The map design is truly enchanting. The skybox is beautiful. The whole feeling of the world is greatly immersive and feels alive. Maps can vary from spore infected labs to forests and bogs, bizarre caves and even mountains.The characters all have distinct personalities and fighting styles and all look badass. The enemies are also very abundant in type and species.II think the universe of Sanctum 2 (Loek III in particular) stand to be the setting of a great open-world mmo/rpg game. I strongly recommend buying this game and if you ever need help, I'm always happy to help a fellow Core Guardian. Welcome to the team."
,Recommended,210770,27132008,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Peter Kral,Love strategy games + FPS?So this is must have game!
,Recommended,210770,8979899,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Method | Mancarl,"Execellent game, to play with or without friends. Many different ways to complete a level and deffinately get's the brain ticking. Would recomend!Edit: Still fun 1 year later"
76561197988901459,Recommended,210770,27144069,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thunderstorm,SImply awesome FPS/TD Hybrid!
,Recommended,210770,27089001,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cr4nkALi,Its Towerdefence! I love towerdefence... and.. its first person! AND towerdefence... Awesome!If you like the strategy behind normal towerdefence games and like to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and kill enemyhords... this is your game.
,Recommended,210770,16989612,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Leem,"This game is enjoyable and is also quiet hard, which is good!Spoiler:Would love to fight the giant boss in the credits but maybe in a sequel?????"
76561197993283006,Recommended,210770,28693577,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Macil's Day Parade,"Really fun coop with a friend. Leaderboards were fun to climb, but unintended tower combinations made endgame leaderboards a test of patience rather than adaptation. Not all weapons are available without DLC, but you should grab them all anyway.Never got into Sanctum 1... This one has a lot more Polish at least superficially.Really have been looking forward to Sanctum 3, but Coffee Stain Studios made a joke game ""Goat Simulator"" which has become far more successful thank Sanctum 2, and has probably drained resources for a bunch of DLC."
76561198257701062,Recommended,210770,28689145,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SHADOW1908,all in alll a very good game
,Recommended,210770,28695395,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jorqen,One of the best coop games
,Recommended,210770,28730760,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SeanZ77,makes me wanna play balloon tower defense
,Recommended,210770,28739857,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BiBitBinary101,"I liked this game alot, It is alot better with friends but still fun to play. I would reccomend picking it up on sale"
,Recommended,210770,28677011,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,@@Friendzoned bitch@@,Goood but my computer to loww
76561198006986577,Recommended,210770,28685972,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"A sci-fi action tower defense.  Improves upon the first one in every aspect.  It is pretty difficult, which is kinda refreshing."
76561198153292198,Recommended,210770,28687646,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ZaeCathe,"Can't believe it's not AAA.TL;DR- From the devs that made our favorite goat game, Goat Simulator, Sanctum 2 is a Tower Defense FPS with a lot of potential and hours of fun both alone, and with friends.I remember purchasing and playing Goat Simulator, laughing my a** off at the bugs, so I decided to check out the other games Coffee Stain had made, and I saw this one. This sat on my wishlist for a whole year until Christmas 2016, when I bought this game with money I'd gotten. I came in thinking this game was going to be another buggy game, but was hit in the face with new things to learn, an awesome UI, and amazing gameplay. This is worth your money and I'd highly suggest playing this with friends.Now, no game is without its kinks. Singleplayer is brutal on the Campaign mode, and graphically speaking, it's a little intensive. The game has limits on towers, which can make things difficult real fast, especially on Survival mode. This game is also kind of dead, so playing with friends is your best bet sometimes. Otherwise, not much to complain about.8.7/10 Needs more goats"
76561198155496278,Recommended,210770,28637595,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SoulDragon969,"ok so think about a game that is a tower defence mixed with a first person shooter, enuff said."
,Recommended,210770,28613736,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[HETY] RoboGG,it is a rely cool tower tower defense game were you have to figth! 9/10
,Recommended,210770,28710767,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Meow              Farmskins.com,"We need Chinese, machine translation can also"
,Recommended,210770,28823898,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Son11king,Some decent♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,210770,5986106,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Bossmank,"For the first time since the original Sanctum a First Person Shooter and Tower Defense game have been fused to perfection. Standing out amongst the rest of it's genre Sanctum 2 offers an entirely unique experience not found in any other game. It requires not only keen strategy of tower placement and choice, but also proper teamwork amonst your friends and teamates. It has refined and improved the groundbreaking formula found in the original Sanctum, and I would highly reccomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,210770,28852838,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jackdw31,"Do you like to annoy your friends in multiplayer? Get the razor blade gun thing and just block their field of vision by shooting some at their face! They won't be able to see a thing and will walk off of a cliff in no time at all!Thanks for that Michael.(Further BM by shooting Tsygan's alt-fire at them too, that way pink waves will emanate from them every second, further obstructing the view...)"
,Recommended,210770,28926107,Posted: 1 January,all,U-571kills,Great for LAN parties.
76561198149989255,Recommended,210770,11756463,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Lady<3Man56what?,Very fun fps monster killing stratigic gameplay would recommend it to everyone!
,Recommended,210770,28866222,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,⚡⚡WIZZARD⚡⚡ skinup.gg,very nicely executed Tower Defence meets FPS+Nice Graphics-Season Pass does not gie us all the DLCs but ony 4 of themIt is better to buy the complete version because the season pass bought alone will end up costing higher
,Recommended,210770,29122666,Posted: 8 January,all,Charles Le Sorcier,This game is a blast to play with friends but it can and will crash on you.
,Recommended,210770,29145576,Posted: 9 January,all,Kryptsm,"I loved the original Sanctum. Enough to the point that I bought the sequel and all the DLC, no questions asked. I hope you do not make the same mistake. In my opinion, this sequel to Sanctum tries to hard to make itself a AAA game instead of a fun little indie-style game like the original. It reaches for the stars... but comes up short. The original game was Bloons Tower Defense-esque, in that it had no story, not 'characters' but it did not matter, as the gameplay was enough. However, this game focuses less on the gameplay and more on 'story' and 'characters' but still not enough, as the story is hollow, and I did not care for it, nor did I care for a single character. They also made very questionable changes to the gameplay, which I will not get into, but only say that they should have gone with the motto ""If it isn't broken, don't fix it.""Overall: 3/10"
,Recommended,210770,18252034,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,No,"Veriously Nice in many ways.  I only got to play the multiplayer today because my friends are cheap humans and never spend money, so making it free for a while is a nice decision."
,Recommended,210770,29977592,Posted: 16 February,all,brick,"Its fun, eventually you wont have nobody to play with, so you cannot progress at times."
76561198347545120,Recommended,210770,30017603,Posted: 18 February,all,Ur a 4 letter word,"My friend and I played through this game and the DLC and we absolutely loved it. It's probably our favorite game to play together. The game play is great, the storyline is awesome, the characters are fun, everything about this game is amazing. If you love tower defense games, this is the best one out there and worth every dime."
76561198162392154,Recommended,210770,18330039,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,King of Skrubs,this is a great mix of tower defence and fps and really lives up to the previous game. The enemies aren't pushovers and it takes strategy to win instead of just running out guns blazing.IMPROVEMENTS:a better storylinewider character rangemore towers and weapons
,Not Recommended,210770,4703666,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,EvilCreepr,"Sanctum 1 is an amazing game so it makes me sad that the developers of the sanctum seires made such a terrible sequal, Could have been amazing, but wasn't."
,Recommended,210770,29430303,Posted: 22 January,all,CometKazy,"Playedit while it was free, wish that someone would buy a copy for me because this is one of the best tower-defense/fps games out there.  (please love me by sending me a copy)"
,Recommended,210770,29408714,Posted: 21 January,all,The Straight Muslim Goat,"Even with out purchasing any of the DLC I still enjoy the game, It gives me plenty to do solo and with friends also I beleive that the game is worth its price"
76561198058134688,Recommended,210770,29444986,Posted: 23 January,all,Sapphiro,"Great combination of FPS, Tower defense strategy and RPG."
,Recommended,210770,29633033,Posted: 1 February,all,Riddhiman,"Your favourite tower defence game just had a romantic night with an fps . 9 months later this masterpiece was born !Make a maze of your own and place towers to stop the ruthless horde of aliens who wanna destroy your energy core , which you were stupid enough to keep ridiculosly unguarded and unreinforced (if thats a word) for something that can blow up and cosume your base .Say what ? You failed ? dont worry the Bosses are meant to give you a hard think on your stratergy , the longest maze dosent always work ! Every level is unique and makes you think a lot before placing towers and building your maze.The game is well balanced and if you are playing with freinds , guess what ! The amount of enemise double or quadruple based on the number of player you have ( max is 4 i think ) .If you are a fan of tower defences mainly , grab this gem . Its worth every penny ."
,Recommended,210770,22348972,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,byDlif,Text to Speech. Definitely worth $16.99
76561197980804932,Recommended,210770,876876,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,NiGHTS,14.5/20
,Recommended,210770,27501644,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Enkai,"I have always wanted jumping and shotting aliens, while my turrets missiles miss me by inches xD"
,Recommended,210770,27490399,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kurouh_,This games mixes up many genres and it's super fun to play either alone or with a friend. I strongly recomend it
76561198028339624,Recommended,210770,9221148,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Tuarrak,"Awesome TD, which actually requires the player, to help out his turrents, in order to beat the lvl.Big variety of skills and turrents to unlock and even more fun with friends.I just wish there would be a third installment."
,Recommended,210770,27262084,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MechaTurtles,Easily one of the best games I've ever played. Sanctum 2 is a FPS-Tower Defense hybrid that executes both aspects really well. I highly recommend playing this game with a friend and also buying this game on sale if you don't want to pay the full $15 for the game.
76561198088769725,Recommended,210770,27055197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jükeböx Protocol,It's a tower defense where you can shoot things. Thats all you need to know.
76561197984794040,Recommended,210770,27571638,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xeno_Nuggets,This is a great game with some fantastic music. Best Title Screen Ever.
,Recommended,210770,29075286,Posted: 6 January,all,Internalized Oppression,How the ♥♥♥♥ did this gem get made by the same people who made goat simulator. Well I guess since this came before goat simulator
76561198091034387,Not Recommended,210770,10049540,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Waffenhafter Autismus,It stopped working after 4 days.
,Recommended,210770,28912730,Posted: 1 January,all,rametbh,"""When BTD battles and DOOM meets""The adjustment of course what you decide to make is unbelieveable, and eventhough its not an open world game you can still be ninja and go to places what may not be meant to be able to reach.great game overall."
76561197971016992,Recommended,210770,25771615,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ziasod,"Casual shooter with towers. Gotta love all about it. Only Co-op gameplay possible, you can shoot each other off the map of course.Kinda miss upgrading your weapons from sanctum one.It even comes with Snake game build in!"
,Recommended,210770,20906942,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Noboty,"The original Sanctum was great, blending FPS with TD and letting players be active participants in the action as a mobile tower. However, towers still were the focus of the game. You could do damage at the start, but your gun swould eventually become pashooters and all but useless ave for the freeze gun, while your towers took center stage. Everything in Sanctum 2 has been redesigned. Sanctum 2 has gone the opposite route with players being the main focus. All enemies have been redisgned, with some now able to veer off the path to attack you or your towers (thus shortening their path). This makes your ability to move much more important this time around. You are no longer able to just sit and watch your towers do all the work like in the first game, you must now, in addition to help your towerls with the killing, protect them and yourself or you WILL fail.To that end, you have an ever-expanding list of perks, towers, and weaposn to choose from, with the pool widening as you level4 up, Call of Duty-style. Every new item brings with it an entirely new way to play any of the four characters. Want to play Sweet but with bigger emphasis on blowing things up? There's a perk for that! Want to give Skye a rocket launcher? You can! (provided you reach a high enough level).Sanctum 2's soundtrack very minimalist, never really getting intense or crazy. It stays out of the game's way and lends support in the background with it's largely drum and piano-based OST. you hardly notice it's there, but you still feel relaxed and at ease during downtime and pumped up during waves. blending in with the world and taking you with it.The same applies to the art. There is nothing fancy, everything looks crisp, yet detailed and makes you want to  explore it, and you should be.In the first game, the story was told through collectibles you found strew about in every nook and cranny in the map. Here, a lot of the story is told in graphic novel format, but, like the first game, the details are lost unless you go look for them. Finding the hidden codes and entering them in the associated website gives  you access to a wealth of backstory concerning the game and the characters featured within, such as the MC Skye and why she has a tendency to laugh maniacialy while slaughtering lumes.That said, two thigns hold it back: the lack of players, and the lack of abhility to make custom maps. Once you've finished the game, there isn't anything to do outside of tackling higher difficulties or survival mode, and few people to do those things with. Putting in a Steam workshop could help raise the playerbase tremedously. That said, you've still a good 100 hours (depending your skill level) before you get to that point, especially considering that leveling up gives you more options, which allow for new strategies or playstyles."
76561197998712268,Recommended,210770,30253581,Posted: 28 February,all,Acidalias,Tried to play with the steam controller as my first game. Maybe not such a good idea. Maybe Ill play this again.
,Recommended,210770,29864483,Posted: 11 February,all,Croatian Identitarian,"Got it as a gift.Pretty fun to play honestly (with a group of friends at least), but I lost interest after around 5 hours of gameplay because the game doesn't really change, only the difficulty does.6/10."
,Recommended,210770,30376679,Posted: 7 March,all,Junkie Jay,Smooth and fun game. But playing over longer periods it might get boring.10/10 would play5/10 would play over longer periods.Good game.:csgocross:
76561198119701525,Recommended,210770,26375263,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mayonnaise Eater,♥♥♥♥ing awesome. One of the best 5 bucks I have ever spent
76561198048821454,Recommended,210770,31216514,Posted: 18 April,all,ClickSpam,Great fps tower defense game wish there was more like this
76561198019227338,Recommended,210770,31235593,Posted: 19 April,all,Alice Dippleblack,"Sanctum 2 is a fun and challenging game that combines the tactical thinking of a tower defense with the fast paced action of a first person shooter. Each of the unique levels keeps you adjusting your strategy as you level up, acquiring new perks to benefit your choice of 4 characters (5 with the DLC), each with their own primary weapon and advantages. As your get further into the game, you will unlock new towers and secondary weapons to insure your mazes of death bring on the pain. To stop legions of enemies, often themselves requiring tact to eliminate, you have free reign over the map, running and jumping to reach the best positions to utilize the many weapons available in the game, each with two firing modes. With so much variation available, each playthrough can prove to be dramatically different from your last.9/10"
76561198128090854,Recommended,210770,13769520,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lachlan Stewart,its a great game
,Recommended,210770,14210287,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Tower defence first persoon shooter game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to play with a controller.There is a controller sensitivity slidebar available.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.There is a master volume slidebar available.There is a music volume slidebar available.There is sound effect volume slidebar available.There is a voice volume slidebar available.There is text to speech. (Whenever you are chatting ingame, the text will also be spoken.There is a resolution size for all available sizes.Able to play fullscreen or windowed mode.There are some different languages availableThere is a comic gallery available.There is a multiplayer online mode available. The Online server is still very active!About the game.If you have played ""sanctum 1"" then you know alittle bit what to expect from this version. However there are some changes. You are able to choose a character and each character has their own specific weapons and abilities.You are able to choose a small ammount of towers and perks in the level. You have to build your own maze and control the movement of the enemy and prevent them from reaching your core. In some levels there are some stranded neutrals and towers available. Upgrading a tower can be done in steps, It isn't required to fully meet the resources. You can already spend the resources on the tower to fill the upgrade abit. Monsters will try to attack the player if it is possible. Some monsters will even try to destroy the towers aswell.There is some sort of story mode available.Able to track the levels in 100% completion.There is mob modifier to make them stronger.Has Different characters with their own roles and weapons.You can level up to unlock new things.Tower upgrade doesn't need the fully requirement. Can be done adding some resources slowly.You can play survival mode or story mode.Monsters are able to attack the player and sometimes a tower too.Every monster has their own kind of weakness.Music is very good!Graphics is very good.Other things.The game is the most fun when you play it with friends though! i also think it is almost impossible to beat the game solo.Turn on voice to text: Type ""HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"" :D-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,210770,29516110,Posted: 26 January,all,CrispyKrisp,"Whenever I see a bobblehead, I want to run them over headstart.Bobblehead is an enemy that can only be damaged in the head."
76561198032130445,Recommended,210770,29293625,Posted: 16 January,all,proGrammer;,"Sanctum 2 is a tower defense version of Left For Dead that pits you in PVE environments. The game will keep you up for hours wanting more and more of the menagerie of insanity thats within. At first it might be slow, but that is to get you better aquainted with the game because in the later misssions it gets brutal and the devs LOVE to throw curves your way.Buy the four pack for you and some friends because this game will BLOW. YOU. AWAY. Get the DLC for EXTRA excitement as it contains new maps, weapons, enemies, and a new playable character.I highly recommend this game to ANYONE that enjoys FPS games that need you to think about strategy and work as a team. But be warned, sometimes the game starts with a bit of a twist. Ready or not."
,Recommended,210770,31888060,Posted: 21 May,all,Waeno,one of the best tower defense first person shooters ever made hands down.this game should be in everyones collection who considers themself a TD fan.
76561198151003129,Recommended,210770,31894174,Posted: 21 May,all,Trash Panda,Great game if you like the wave after wave fps games. I bought it for $3 and I'm not sure I would pay $15. All the game is is wave after wave style. Keep that in mind.
,Recommended,210770,31899965,Posted: 22 May,all,Nepgear ♥|Purple Sister|♥,Build towers and watch them get trashed in high level maps because of the dead servers. It's a fun game though. A neat combination of tower defense and first-person shooter with a sci-fi/cyberpunk theme.
76561198319068412,Recommended,210770,31902212,Posted: 22 May,all,vilismies,"I've played this game two hours and I think this is my favourite game on Steam.I like this so much because, you can build things and start the war.This is strange guys VS monsters :D"
76561198052674173,Recommended,210770,31903598,Posted: 22 May,all,SkyeRise,"I didn't like it at first because of how different it is from Sanctum 1, but now I find it to be a really epic experience - just don*t expect Sanctum 1! Your freedom to build and strategize with towers is reduced, but the FPS combat is much improved as well as your character's maneuverability.Sanctum 1 was tower defense with some combat, this is combat with some tower defense."
,Recommended,210770,31904234,Posted: 22 May,all,Cmdo.Delta,"Grabbed this at 80% off... which is.. stealing!It's a very nice little tower defense crossed with FPS. Playable solo but still hard. Incredibly fun if you can play with friends. It's a bit like Dungeon Defenders: a game that can cross my 2 favorites kind of games so it makes me happy! :DLot of weapons, perks and towers to unlock with 5 characters having different abilities. Alot of hours to invest to get throught everything and to beat the hardest difficulty.Only downside to me is often you feel like the game is more oriented around the FPS than the tower defense. I say that because of some bosses that can one shot all your defenses and destroy everything leaving you with only your gun as defense (very hard against a swarm of enemies). And very often, I feel like they are very cheap on ressources. You can't build much stuff and it takes almost forever to upgrade them meaning you have to do alot of the job by yourself. On first maps, it's fine but as you progress in the game, it seems like more and more maps were designed for multiplayer. They ask you to defend many lanes but still stay very greedy on amount of ressources you have to build which mean you can never really defend  more than one lane with towers...  so when you solo and there are 3 lanes, you're pretty much screwed. Maybe they could have make a lil effort and understand that when you play solo, you main defense will be towers, not players.. but nop.. even solo, devs keep treating you lke if players could do everything which mean you're screwed when there are multiple lanes to defend. It's the biggest downside to me. We know that when games become older, less people play them. Game too much oriented on multiplayer therefore become unplayable or very hard to enjoy. This doesnt encourage people into buying them then even on sale.But really, for the price, gives many many hours of enjoyment. If you can grab this at 75-80% (which happens very very often) then you're doing a great deal."
,Recommended,210770,31911322,Posted: 22 May,all,Rince,amazijng game :)
,Recommended,210770,31938089,Posted: 24 May,all,M477H3W,9/10 would recomend as its a great game.Clasic FPS controlls and zero dificulti controler setup. combine that with a unice tower defense aproach where you call in your pilons and turets to build a maze. decent upgrade system both for your turets in a match and unlocks based on your level. this game is awsome....Did i mention you can play 4Player co-op. yea need i say more. this gane is epic.PS. any chat msgs you send to friends in game (down on d-pad) are read in a rediculus robot voice :)
76561198146521564,Recommended,210770,31952266,Posted: 25 May,all,KingDDDking,I LOVE THIS GAME!. it is by far the most fun toer defense game i have ever played. definatly reccomend it
,Recommended,210770,31989064,Posted: 26 May,all,-=MAVERICK=-,"Jack Preston: ""Hey! Buy this game cause we are playing it alllll the time. Should come and join!!""77 Minutes of gameplay, last played 18/8/2016..WWPD"
76561198054873836,Recommended,210770,32002093,Posted: 27 May,all,Viral_Muffins,"For the price, this is a great multiplayer game. It is pretty unique from anything I've played before. the DLC is worth it for a few dollars. After 30-40 hours it can get a bit repetitive and formulaic, but there are enough maps (again with the DLC) to provide unique challenges requiring different tower setups and character builds.I don't remember the plot, which seemed irrelevent. This game is mostly about making mazes and shooting things."
76561198074383664,Recommended,210770,31983912,Posted: 26 May,all,Thell,good tower defend game ...checkgood fps game ....checkgot co op .....checkcheep as f**k .....checka must have game ! \
,Recommended,210770,31931690,Posted: 24 May,all,rikyperdana,I can't stop playing this game. Please somebody stop me 😄
76561198149901369,Recommended,210770,32466272,Posted: 16 June,all,LaggyMcLaggy,Pretty solid FPS/TD. teh charchters are nice with a wide array of weapons to chose from. The maps arent reppetive and some make it more challenging than other maps.
,Recommended,210770,12690854,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Lieutenant Llama,"Just like sanctum 2 with no weapon upgrading and a bigger focus on tower defence, this game is a bit harder has a progression path now and as always is a good old fashioned fiest person shooter with the nice twist of tower defence.if you likes sanctum and you want more, then get this gameif you dont like sanctum then id give this a skip"
76561198119507610,Recommended,210770,32371834,Posted: 12 June,all,Sem,"When I first picked up the game I didnt know what to expect. But it looked like my sort of game so I dived into it anyway. Though the concept exited me, the game was not executed perfectly. I disliked the lack of iron sights and i would rather the basic scope would be acsessed without pressing rmb, and it would be nice to have some new game modes to. because I like being able to dive into the match right away instead of waiting a long time only to die straight away. I think this game has potential in the future although i had no enjoyment in its current state."
76561198110737431,Recommended,210770,32676859,Posted: 23 June,all,lemon13,"Get this game if you need a break from salty high competitive FPS games. Great soundtracks, gameplay combined between tower defense and FPS, strategy and action. Community is nice (you're less likely to get kicked from being dumb, mostly likely when you're afk), co-op is fun. DLC maps are more challenging than the original especially Sokol. 5 feasts available to increase difficulty.Cons: small community."
,Recommended,210770,32678104,Posted: 23 June,all,iPantasticGuy,"A really good game. It really has built that challenge where you have to use your gaming skills and mind. The graphics are actually good. I thought I wouldn't like it but actually, it's pretty good. Plus, you could also play with you friends who also own the game. I actually bought this game when it was on sale and I don't regret buying it. I wouldn't like it that much that I would be playing it all day but it's a nice game when you have nothing to do."
,Recommended,210770,4549427,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Trubisky the Starter,"Just as good, if not better, than the first Sanctum. So far the game seems more balanced than the first. The guns and towers seem equally important. The only odd thing is that you have to level up and unlock certain perks, towers, etc. It's something different but I don't think it was necessary."
,Recommended,210770,32684211,Posted: 23 June,all,Greentails43,"A new take on tower defense, I enjoyed the game but it can get a bit tedious to play alone and it is pretty hard to join friends on it."
76561197986992283,Recommended,210770,32840222,Posted: 26 June,all,AC,Really fun if you got buds
,Recommended,210770,22920409,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,FIL GUD,"A mind-blowing long time ago, there was this dude, Sisyphus, who pi$$ed off Zeus and ended up being cursed to push a gigantic boulder up a hill, only to have it roll back down again, just to have to push it up a hill again, and so on, and so forth, forever and ever.So, you must be thinking ""What a torture! I don't even wanna know how it feels like to be stuck in such a stressful, repetitive and pointless existence!""But what if it was just for a few days? I mean... Think about it. Sisyphus must have had a little fun on the beginning, right? Pushing a freaking boulder up a hill, feeling so strong, showing his guns to the ladies, telling everyone that this was how he trained to stay fit and that later he would be doing some planet-lifting with his buddy Atlas. I bet he even got Apollo (the John Williams of the Greek gods) to play a musical theme like ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"" when Sisy was running downhill being chased by the boulder.But I digress...My point is that Sanctum 2 might get old too fast for you and you may find the XP progression too slow (I cleared the campaign mode without being able to unlock half of the possibly cool things) but the game is quite cheap.After a while it becomes torture.Just keep it in mind that it is very cheap torture."
,Recommended,210770,33149264,Posted: 2 July,all,Prophet -T- #RoadToSilver,Its a pretty good solid tower defense game. Level has a huge impact on missions.
76561198372610464,Recommended,210770,33288974,Posted: 5 July,all,Sorta_STRANGER,ish pretty goood
,Recommended,210770,33301847,Posted: 5 July,all,zeffies,pretty great if you love tower defense games. even solo its still a great time.
76561198313208407,Recommended,210770,33408783,Posted: 9 July,all,Violins and Tuxes (Lordy),"Sanctum 2 was heavily discounted when I bought it. (A friend owned it and recommended it) this game was worth it and more. The idea of a FPS tower defense was brilliant. While the world is a bit generic, beautiful environments more than made up for it. Being able to join someone else's match doesn't work and feels a touch invasive in other games, but it works quite well here.For $3 on sale, pick it up and play with some friends... Or if you're short on those (like your's truly) is recommend joining someone else's game until you get the hang of things.Have fun and kill the flood. Shoot! Covenant? Dang it! Grimm?Eh, what the heck."
76561197999904169,Recommended,210770,33446812,Posted: 10 July,all,Atum Hadu,"Tower defense and FPS -- that's what the game promises, and it delivers. I was a bit skeptical at first, but the mechanics of the tower defense genre are cleverly integrated into the FPS action.Here's how it works: The mobs come in waves, and you fight them just like you'd fight enemies in any first person shooter. But at the end of each wave you get a bunch of resources, and you can build towers and walls to box your enemies in, force them down paths of your choosing, slow them down, and ultimately mow them down.Like the best tower defense games it's simple to pick up, difficult to master, and lots of fun."
,Recommended,210770,18283548,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,FerretFlyer,SO FUN YOU NEED TO GET IT
,Recommended,210770,33573000,Posted: 15 July,all,Scoopy,"Weird combination of FPS and TD, that somehow works. Gets repetitive after a few hours, but still good for some casual fun."
76561198073322414,Recommended,210770,33697607,Posted: 21 July,all,kai.gillespie,"This game is fantastic. The number of possible combinations between 4 characters and a few dozen weapons and towers, along with dozens of perks, leads to a staggering number of possible strategies in approaching each level. All these options are well-paced for exploration as players work through 40 character levels and unlock new options every level or so. The survival mode and multiplayer capability of this game and its expansions allow for a few hundred hours (197 hours mostly solo for me) of gameplay for season pass.Tl;drThis game is an amazing combination FPS/Tower Defense, with a great multiplayer platform and tons of options. The best FPS I've ever played."
,Recommended,210770,33826954,Posted: 27 July,all,Robert,"It won't ever be my favourite game or anything close to that, but it was worth the money I spent on it. One of the devs even played with me once when I was first starting out and trying to play with difficulty modifiers that I didn't stand a chance with.Might be pretty good with friends, but I can't tell you anything about that haha. The randoms made for a pretty decent time though."
76561197988708809,Recommended,210770,33924791,Posted: 31 July,all,-=!KAOS!=-,"A lot of fun with building towers and shooting hordes of minions. DLC brings all you need - more maps and more weapons and perks which you can use in original game.I would appreciate another DLC with new maps, more weapons and more towers but still this game is 5/5"
76561198079530646,Recommended,210770,33902046,Posted: 30 July,all,Bou,"Excellent game, one of my favorites. A well executed blend between a FPS and TD. You can shape your own path and place towers in between rounds without time restrictions. When the round starts it turns into a FPS until the end of the wave where you switch to build mode again. Highly recommended for both singleplayer and coop."
,Recommended,210770,33933286,Posted: 31 July,all,DollarCobra,Great game will always have a place <3
,Recommended,210770,33941211,Posted: 31 July,all,82Sarge,This is a great combination of tower defense and FPS. Not bad alone but better played with friends.
76561198052681804,Recommended,210770,33952309,Posted: 1 August,all,TarHek,"Sanctum 2 is one of those games that you can play for hours and hours. It has decent graphic, balanced characters and enemies (some are patheticly weak while others will bring you on the verge of insanity). Furthermore, this game gives you access to different weapons, towers and skills that will synergize more or less with your character. Some of those skills will cover weaknesses, others will enhances your bonuses even further.As a tower defense game, Sanctum 2 will let you set up a maze through which the lumes will run through. Even the very layout of your maze may change a dire situation into a carnival of exploding lumes. Combine that with the right towers and proper weapon choices and the lumes will fall like flies.So basically, the game consists of PEWPEWBAMMPEWBOOOM with a pint of tactics."
,Not Recommended,210770,14586927,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dengor,This game blows big black♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045991930,Recommended,210770,31500073,Posted: 1 May,all,CrazySlick,good game with friend
76561198037890805,Recommended,210770,34198391,Posted: 12 August,all,Wasianmaster,"If you have read any of my other reviews, I am a big fan of co-op games. I don't have a ton of gamer friends that I play with on the regular, but when I do I make sure the time counts. This game is a great time sync with or without a buddy. To be fair though, once you get to the harder difficulty you almost absolutely need a friend to collaborate with, if even just for the extra muscle. Best RPG/tower defense mix game I have played hands down."
,Recommended,210770,20004140,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,stester198,FPS and Tower defense combinedKewl beans
76561198143172268,Recommended,210770,34941991,Posted: 13 September,all,brick.royl,One of the best hybride games I have ever played and it is well suported with a ton of solid DLC... are you still reading this? hurry up and buy the damn game!
,Recommended,210770,15670934,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cody,Great game! I enjoyed a lot and made good friends from here.
,Recommended,210770,35501021,Posted: 5 October,all,Coliga,best game ever but wtf i cant go out of the game while running.
