user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,210970,32329932,Posted: 10 June,all,qazofibdt1,"My favorite game in a decade, but it's not for everyone. It's a no-tutorial kind of game. Each puzzle type is introduced gradually so you can get the hang of it before tackling the complex stuff, but you must thrive in self-teaching to get that far. The puzzles, though, are awesome. They're all based on a simple concept but that concept is twisted around and turned on its head in so many ways you won't believe it each time another variation comes up.Beware of reviews with < 10 hours. You can ""beat the game"" in probably five hours. The real magic, though, is in a secret that adds 40 hours of gameplay. The trouble is, you have to enjoy the puzzles enough to get to the point where you discover the extra gameplay. Not for everyone"
,Recommended,210970,32241733,Posted: 7 June,all,Zlorf,"I definitely recommend The Witness to anyone who loves solving logical puzzles. And there is an enormous amount of them during the gameplay. And when you think you got them all - then you discover another layer of puzzles... ;)The best part is that there is no tutorial, no explanation. You learn how to solve puzzles (and what certain symbols mean) by solving progressively-harder riddles. You must work out all rules by yourself. And this is actually very rewarding!And of course there is the bright, colourful island where the game takes place. Very detailed, engaging, and huge.Beware that there is no adventure and story, though."
,Recommended,210970,20838745,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Sharezar,"To start with, a word of caution -If you do not enjoy trying to understand puzzles, you will not enjoy this game.Note I say ""understand"" instead of ""solve"", because the distinction is important.Solving a puzzle is rewarding to anyone. It's easy enough to appreciate getting the solution after struggling with a puzzle for a while. Games like Portal make great use of this. Portal is about finding the solution that will let you move on.The Witness is different. The Witness is a game about understanding puzzles. Understanding a puzzle is about more than just finding a solution. It's about knowing how the puzzle works. It's about knowing what makes a solution a solution.You could be shown the answer to many of the puzzles in the game and be immediately and totally stuck on the next puzzle. Why? Because you didn'tunderstandthe puzzle. You don't understand why that solution is a solution. Without that knowledge, you cannot move on to the next puzzle. You may even have to go back to a ""solved"" puzzle in order to try and understand it better.Understanding requires questioning. Understanding requires probing. Understanding requires observing. You will be questioning, probing and observing every panel in the game, and indeed, the island itself, all in an attempt to understand.If you do not enjoy trying to understand puzzles, you will not enjoy this game.If, however, you have a love for discovery and understanding, this game will entertain that love in a beautiful and fulfilling way."
,Recommended,210970,20805593,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bizarrarama,"This game is amazing, but not for everyone.  As has been noted, it is a fiendishly difficult puzzler.  It has garnered many negative reviews, mostly from people expecting it to be a puzzle-adventure game, which it is NOT.  It has suffered in it's comparisons to Myst, but it really isn't like that at all.EVERY SINGLE PUZZLE consists of drawing line-path through a grid or symbol.  Every one.  Nothing else.   Every interaction with the world is triggered by drawing a line-path through a grid or symbol.  You cannot interact with the world in any other way.  The environment itself often plays a key role in the puzzles, whether it be clues to the puzzle lurking in the environment, or driving the solution of the puzzle itself.Yet... and here is why the game is great and totally worth the $40 price of admission... something subtle starts to happen to you as you complete puzzle after puzzle.   HOW you solve the puzzles -- the thought process required arrive at a solution for each -- starts to take on meaning and become metaphoric.  There is a palpable sense of MEANING in the puzzles you solve, and that is reflected and reinforced by ALL the environment details and art and media snippets found on the island.   The game begins to speak to you in a language you have learned by playing the game.   And the sum total of THAT experience is profound.  It's not like anything I've ever experienced in a game.Except perhaps Dear Esther.  In Dear Esther you did nothing but walk around, look at stuff, and listen to an intermitent narrative as meaning started to emerge. In Dear Esther, you were an observer.  That game TOLD you a story.   In The Witness you walk around, solve puzzles, look at stuff, and begin to understand WHY you're solving puzzles and what it all means.  This game SHOWS you a story.  It adheres to the old writing adage, SHOW not TELL.When it all comes together -- and HOW it all comes together -- is both intangible and epic.If you're the kind of person whom what I've tried to describe makes sense or is appealing, you'll love this game.  Otherwise, you'll hate it as many reviewers here apparently have hated it.  There's very little in between."
,Not Recommended,210970,22167740,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,RoninOtter,"I cannot begin to describe just how saddened I am by ""The Witness."" I had been anticipating it for so long, but ultimately it's been an awful let-down.The short of it:The Witness delivered on its promise of beautiful visuals and challenging puzzles, but while it contains thoughtful (albeit ""borrowed"") philosophical content that's beautifully presented, ultimately the promise of a deep mystery to be uncovered was a bold-faced lie. The game had been hyped for years, and ended up so depressingly disappointing to me that In the end I could barely bring myself to finish it. It is a glut of repetitive, meaningless, storyless puzzle-solving in an otherwise visually compelling environment that would’ve had the exact same impact on me had it been on the iPhone with pixellated 8-bit graphics. It wasn’t a game; it was a task. And it wasn’t one I felt any satisfaction from completing.The description on the store states the following:""You wake up, alone, on a strange island full of puzzles that will challenge and surprise you.  You don't remember who you are, and you don't remember how you got here, but there's one thing you can do: explore the island in hope of discovering clues, regaining your memory, and somehow finding your way home.""Every word of that is a lie, designed to draw you into an ultimately banal and repetitive walking simulator peppered with puzzles.The long of it:I was anticipating playing The Witness literally for years, having followed the developer's blog from very early on. A rabid Myst series fan, I was chomping at the bit for another story-based puzzle game to sink my teeth into, especially when it was described as an island setting where you arrive without any understanding of why you're there. When it came out, I bought it instantly, literally purchasing a new gaming PC at the same time so I could experience it on modern hardware. (I was overdue for an upgrade anyway.)The visuals are very pleasing to the eye in a bright and surrealistic way that walks a fine line between obviously unreal and bizarrely realistic. The lack of close-up shape and surface detail and overpowering color saturation mixed with believable reflections and lighting feel similar to the graphics of Team Fortress 2, oddly enough. Imagine if Aperture Science and a 5-star gardener with a degree in genetic engineering combined to create a manicured environment as an amusement park: Voila, you have the island from The Witness. It’s a wonderful environment to behold, and was clearly an exhaustive effort to create. There’s definitely a great deal of enjoyment to be had discovering the scope of the island and all its nooks and crannies.The other area that the developers obviously spent a lot of time was the development of the puzzles themselves. Their logic is devious, challenging, and will require you to drag out a pencil and graph paper (or your chosen digital alternative.) There can be a high degree of enjoyment obtained from deciphering their cryptic composition, and the game does a very good job giving you just enough education on the rules to let you figure them out and reach that euphoric ""eureka"" moment. For a time it was wonderful, and at one point I even said to myself “If this could go on forever, that’d be great.” However, I was working off of the assumption that there would be a gradual revelation of the mystery of why I was there on this island, or at least some hints as to its purpose. As time went on, my heart sank deeper and deeper into despair as I realized that assumption was utterly and painfully wrong. It's clear they spent their efforts on the logic behind the puzzles and graphics engine, with no thought at all into building a reason for the player to actually _care_ about solving any of the hundreds of diabolical mazes strewn all around. I can’t say that I hated playing this game, because I only hated it after I realized that everything I was doing was pointless. Up until that point, I was loving it.The only content which can possibly pass off as having “story elements"" besides the unnerving statues strewn about the island are the live-action movies you can “unlock” by solving certain puzzles, all of which hail from a wide variety of sources and eras. Some are absolutely beautiful philosophical discussions on the nature of reality, human understanding, science, God, and cognition. Others are pure avant-garde art which can be thought-provoking, but ultimately only carry whatever meaning the viewer chooses to ascribe to them. Their most common feature, however, is that the game developers didn’t make a single one of them. They’re all from existing documentaries, interviews, and TED-like talks, and while I respect the developers’ inclusion choices, they took absolutely no effort to incorporate into the game. There is one exception of original content, but it's so banal and drawn-out with no visual component that I nearly threw my controller in anger when I realized after sitting and listening to it drone on for almost a full hour that it's only message was: ""people like puzzles."" The rest of the island is so devoid of meaningful story content that I found myself desperately trying to find and unlock all of the videos just to hear a human voice break the soul-crushing silence of the soundtrack-free environment. Indeed, the historical quotes and video excerpts are treats to someone who takes pleasure in philosophy and literature. However, if Jonathan Blow thought he could insert the words of great minds into his puzzle game to have them magically imbue it with deeper meaning, he's either deluded or just plain lazy.This brings me to the thing which depresses me most: The Witness has no story, period. It's a beautiful venue with no party, no music and no people; a concept that actually has literal representation in the game at one point. After anticipating it for so long, the most powerful emotion I felt after completing The Witness was nothing short of betrayal. It felt like Jonathan Blow built it to lure in the kind of people who liked the games it was supposedly ""inspired by,"" only to troll them with a game that itself has no more mystery than a book of sudoku puzzles. I felt like I’d been duped and lied to, and the “secret” ending doesn’t help one bit in changing my mind, nor was it in any way original. In fact, it made me even more angry, because it is one of the single oldest (and worst) cliché endings one can ever possibly use. You've probably guessed what it is just by me saying that...In the end, The Witness has only one point: People like solving puzzles even when there’s no purpose to doing so. It literally even *says this aloud* during the most disappointing piece of unlocked content. If you’re the kind of person who just wants to use an expensive PC to do maze puzzles, The Witness is for you. Aside from that, it’s nothing more than a walking simulator set on a beautiful island that would serve as a great demo for the Oculus Rift. The remaining ""meaningful"" content can be much more easily acquired from the original authors, or YouTube.I'm waiting for Obduction..."
76561197993078928,Not Recommended,210970,29733877,Posted: 5 February,all,Rubrum,"I was really on the fence about this one... But in the end I have to just ask myself, how much did I enjoy playing The Witness? The answer is... Not so much. But I am quite aware this game is a quality product, shockful of stuff to look at, and beautiful words and imagery. It's a bit heartbreaking to give it the thumbs down then. It obviously took a lot of thought and effort to design those puzzles, repetitive as they may be...I'll start with what I enjoyed: The island is beautiful, colourful, and meticulously crafted, filled with details to find with your eyes and marvel at. There is at least 1 hour of quality video in the game, metaphysical and philosophical speeches and movie clips that I wouldn't have watched if they weren't in the game. I enjoyed those. I enjoyed the theme of the game and the feeling of awareness it's trying to convey. This appeals to me tremendously.However, it's a puzzle game... And while I don't generally enjoy puzzle games, the first Myst game is one of my favorite games. Just last month I was watching a conference from one of the guys who made Myst, and he said one of the core concepts of Myst was ""No arbitrary puzzles"". Indeed, in Myst, most puzzles make sense within their world. They are different from one age to the other, from one room to the other, they feel like they belong where they are... It's almost as if you're trying to understand how the people who inhabited these ages lived in order to solve the puzzles...... However, The Witness is an ode to arbitrary puzzles. An ode to one very repetitive arbitrary puzzle. It developes an incredibly clever Sudoku/coding/pathfinding mini-game that you have to decode, and puts it EVERYWHERE. Sure, you often need to observe the superbly clever environments to figure out the code to these ""puzzles on a pad"", but in the end, almost all of your time in The Witness will be spend looking at these pad puzzles. There are hundreds of them.One of the intelligent things The Witness does is teach you its complicated puzzle-solving language. It does so magnificiently. I thought that, once I'd learned the language, I'd feel great and power through the puzzles.  Nope. Knowing the code is not enough. The game keeps hammering you with more complex forms of the same puzzle, with arbitrary difficulties thrown in. Often times you know exactly what you are supposed to do, yet you have to spend 10 minutes doing it, trying going different paths and whatnot... It's hard to explain without spoiling the puzzle system itself... But that's the key of my displeasure; you understand you're supposed to split these coloured pips from these coloured pips, you have to trace a path through it all... But the path never works, it's blocked by various things, it's annoying. The puzzle isn't hard because of the awesome code you decoded, it's hard because of the ""pathfinding"" element. And that element is always the same, over and over and over. It quickly became tiring, frustrating.I wanted to love this game. And in many ways I do. I thank it for the journey and its philosophy. But by the 15th hour, I couldn't take the puzzles anymore. I'd recommend The Talos Principle over The Witness. Like Myst, The Talos Principle also had the benefit of having an intriguing story. And some of its philosophy was engrossing also. I also hit puzzle fatigue in The Talos Principle, and it also suffered from arbitrary puzzles... The two games share that problem when compared to Myst. But it seemed less extreme with Talos, especially because it was backed by story.So in the end, I don't necessarily ""not recommend"" The Witness. But you really, REALLY have to be a puzzle-game fan in my humble opinion.I do commend it for doing what it wants, with no compromise. I tip my hat off to the team behind this challenging and visionnary game. This alone almost makes me want to give the game a thumbs up.  But... I didn't really feel good playing the game because of its puzzles..."
76561197984397079,Not Recommended,210970,23450821,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Excel 2010,"I've just started playing and I was enjoying the game up until I stumbled against a color based puzzle. I'm colorblind and this game can not be completed alone if you are. there is no indication on such probleme on the store page and no colorblind mode in the game. I understand that it might be difficult or impossible to make the game accesible to anyone but at least put a warning up front. If you are not affect by such probleme, go for it, the game is really good and promising.As for me, I'm ... displeased because I can't enjoy this game."
76561198025902156,Recommended,210970,28525608,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,(AB) Slow Moth,"There is a general dichotomy I have noticed when people talk about The Witness. There are people who adore the game, and there are people who hate it. There are people who view it as a pinnacle of the artform, and there are people who think it's pretentious garbage. Me? Personally? I find The Witness to be a brilliant game. But you might disagree.The majority of The Witness is solving puzzles. A vast majority. They are good puzzles. They are thoroughly engaging and clever puzzles. Some of the twists on mechanics are outstanding and mindbending. Almost all the puzzles are designed in a way that make solving them impossible unless you understand the mechanics. They're the investment of the game, and they're truly fantastic. An amount of the puzzles, unfortunately, are designed in such a way that kind of throw colorblind people (in certain, specific areas) and tone deaf (or deaf people at all) people under the bus. Even if you aren't one of these, there is a possibility to get hung up because you don't pick up on what the designer wants you to pick up on, whether it be the perception of shapes, the perception of mechanics, or perception of the world. These, while often fun, put a lot of expectation on the player to perceive things like light and sound the same way as the designer, which is quite a burden for the player to bear. (Also, the ship puzzle sucks. You'll understand if you play it.)Do you like puzzles? If you don't, do not play this game.One thing I greatly appreciate about The Witness is how much of a learning experience it is. Many puzzles are based on rethinking mechanics you already thought you understood in completely different scenarios. In certain moments, I audibly exclaimed something like ""Oh man!"" at the new way I looked at things.The other percentage of the experience consists of walking, and listening to audio tapes, and occasionally watching a video. The audio tapes are usually some thoughtful quote for you to chew on. The videos range from really interesting to... uncomfortable, honestly (four of them are neat, two of them are... just strange.) The Island itself (the location of the game) is colorful and beautiful. There are plenty of nice sights to see, and mystery to ponder, even if theres no real answer. It's a little boring, all of it, but it's pensive quiet time, and serves as a set for the secret second half of this game.Because there's this other half to that percentage. I have a love-hate relationship with this half of the game.  Without spoiling anything, I will call them ""secret puzzles"". They are not necessary to complete the game, and serve (unfortunately?) no mechanical purpose other than gratification. A lot of them are easy to find, but many are so out of nowhere and convoluted that it feels more like a directionless scavenger hunt. It might be the case that these secretive puzzles are intended to bring together players outside of the game to trade secrets (a la Zelda on the NES, or PT), in which case, the game succeeded. It's likely that it's the case that these are part of a kind-of meta narrative (something that becomes evident when watching these videos in the game)And that being said, some of these secret puzzles are jaw-dropping, even if I couldn't sleuth them out on my own. They are creative and unique, evoking those ""Oh man!"" responses frequently. But there is still that dissonance.The Witness is a good game. If you don't like puzzles, don't play it. If you do like puzzles, maybe play it.(This review kind of sucks but I wanted to say something. Whatever.)"
,Recommended,210970,20888423,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tau,"I'll preface this by admitting that it makes sense for so many of the ""helpful"" reviews to be negative; it's good to warn customers of a game they won't enjoy, and The Witness definitely isn't for everybody.  That said, this is among my favorite games, and I was looking forward to The Witness for a very long time, so the fact that it lived up to my expectations says a lot.(You may find it helpful to know my preferences, so here are some of my other favorites: Fez, Portal, Infinifactory, LIMBO, The Beginner's Guide, and of course, Braid.)As other reviewers have pointed out, The Witness isn't ""fun""; that's not a criticism, it's just an accurate observation.  The Witness is treading unfamiliar territory, but only for a video game: most other artistic mediums have been used to explore themes other than ""fun,"" and it makes sense that this medium can be used similarly.Insofar as objective criteria exist for judging the quality of a video game, The Witness meets every standard I can think of: the game runs smoothly, the team have been timely about patching bugs, the visuals (gorgeous and stylized) and audio (understated and lacking music) are expertly executed, and the design of the world and puzzles is meticulous (and ambitious).The only objective drawbacks I can think of are:1) The absence of an FOV slider (important for those who suffer from motion-sickness), which the developers have hinted may be added in a future update. UPDATE: this has been added, along with some other configuration options.2) Some of the puzzles are impossible to solve if you're deaf or color-blind.From what I can tell, The Witness is about making your own observations and forming your own theories about how the game mechanics work (the title of the game is relevant to its content); it's partly about solving puzzles, but more so it's about figuring out what the puzzles even are and how they work in the first place; given that, it's easy to see why The Witness fails to provide players with a clear goal or feedback: that would undermine the core of the game.  Patient curiosity is the best mindset with which to approach The Witness; it's like a piece of cloth with a loose thread: you pull it, and it keeps unraveling, and unraveling, and unraveling...The intrigue of The Witness stems from constant and subtle revelations about how the game functions, which tend to overturn your previous theories and force you to let go of your presumptions, all without ever jumping the shark.The Witness is slow to get rolling, patiently waiting while you adjust yourself to the mechanics and freely allowing you hold on to your false sense of comprehension.  You might expect a game like this to be eager to shove its paradigm-shifting revelations in your face, but it generally isn't: The Witness makes no effort to divulge its secrets, and when you peel back another layer, you can take comfort in the fact that it's a real accomplishment on your part.The island is dense with puzzles (more so than it appears at first), and each of the nearly 700 puzzles (according to the developers) presents its own unique challenge, and a peek into the mechanics of the game (if you're paying attention).  The puzzles are each short, but satisfying and interconnected, so it's easy to leave the game at any time, and they're grouped into areas, where each area explores a particular game mechanic.Because you're free to wander the island, you can walk away from one area if you get stuck and try a different one.  I usually had two or three areas I could choose between at any time.  If you try to play through each area, beginning to end, one at a time, I imagine you'll not enjoy yourself very much.  Once you get stuck on a puzzle, rather than continue banging your head against it, I recommend venturing off to find a different one; returning to a puzzle with a fresh palette and new mechanics under your belt may shake something loose.  The puzzles generally shouldn't require guesswork, and all of them are fair.There's no narrative in The Witness.  You'll find recordings scattered around the island, which contain quotes from people throughout history, generally on the topics of awareness, discovery, investigation, and the monotheistic concept of a god.Being an atheist, some of these fell flat for me, while others less concerned with theism hit hard, and one even had me teary-eyed.  Each one rang with the sort of sincerity that will either move you, or make you very uncomfortable, depending on how it plays against your own life and beliefs.If I'm to be honest, I think The Witness has affected me on a personal level: its themes of exploration and discovery, and its quiet faith in your capacity to unravel its mysteries are comforting.  If you're in the mood for some introspection, you'll probably enjoy it as I have."
,Recommended,210970,30405332,Posted: 9 March,all,gopipgo,"So many negative reviews for this game recently, and they don't make any sense to me. This game is not about instant gratification, it is about learning how the world works and paying attention to the language it teaches you to use. There are surprises galore, and they just keep coming. I truly believe this game to be a work of art, a labour of love, and a beautifully enjoyable experience. It won't be for everyone, but for players who want something cereberal, rewarding and surprising, and an experience which doesn't lead you by the hand and show you exactly what to do at every turn, get it get it get it! 10/10."
76561198044581155,Recommended,210970,27805671,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,d3sirio,"I always have trouble when thinking about how to suggest The Witness to friends and other players; not because it's not worth your time and money, but because it's so hard to explain what makes it so special and why everyone should at least give it a try.There's no need to lie though: one of the main obstacles with suggesting it is that, at its core, The Witness is a puzzle game; your interactions in the game are exclusively limited to puzzles.And yet, it's so well crafted that it may be among the best puzzle games ever made to date.In The Witness, you wake up on an island that you're free to explore, accessing the various areas through completing hundreds of so-called ""line puzzles"" that are scattered everywhere.There's no tutorial. There's no pointing arrow. There's not even text, save for the subtitles of various unrelated audio logs you'll find on the island, which are mechanically (but not thematically) unrelated to what you're going through. The Island and its puzzles, via design and balancing, are everything at the same time: they're your tutorial; they're your test; they're your guidance. The whole island is your puzzle, your chest to crack open and treasure to pillage. Progress is your goal, your tool and your reward at the same time, one thin line after the other.After a brief and enclosed area that teaches you the very basic mechanics of interacting with puzzles, the world will open its gates and start teaching you how to progress via the puzzles themselves. Each area will present you with new rules without stating them, together with easy puzzles that serve the purpose of letting YOU, the player, the guest of the island, infer the rules on your own. As you progress through the areas you will start to understand the game's language, what it tells to you, and your mind will start deconstructing a new puzzle or even rule before you even start actively thinking about it.But where do I go in this game? What do I do? You do line puzzles. The world will let you know how. The world will let you know where to go. Without saying a word, of course. Go out and explore. Find out for yourself.The Witness is many things: a journey, a journey inside a journey, an excellent exercise in game and level design, a maieutic process of self-teaching and inductive learning, a beautiful still piece of colorful vistas...What The Witness isn't, is being a game for everyone. We all have videogame genres that we can't stand, and puzzle games seem to be at least disliked by a vast portion of gamers, if not even hated.And yet, The Witness manages to reach such high moments, to have such elegance in its design and progression that if you'll ever have to try out a puzzle game to see what the fuss is all about, it's this one.Do you know that feeling when you finally solve a problem, or a puzzle in a game, and it feels really good? That ""ooooh, yes, finally... I got here all on my own! Suck it, game!"" feeling?Now imagine that feeling being distilled, purified, made into a crystal, polished and put it inside a 30 to 40 hour game for you to partake of its beauty.The Witness is this, and more."
,Recommended,210970,33701936,Posted: 21 July,all,Sydney's World,"Those who love puzzles will not be disappointed, but those who love puzzle GAMES might. I recommend with caveats.+ The world looks great and it is nice to explore, but...-  The only reward you get for solving a puzzle is another puzzle...and then another and another, and yet more...+ The puzzles are challenging.- Most of the puzzles are 2D on a box-grid, and there are large stretches where I really stopped enjoying them.- The world is dead; no life forms, no sense of the prior civizilation, history, or humanity; just some buildings.To be honest I cannot say Witness is fun...but it is inherently rewarding (no game rewards) to solve the puzzles and integrate what you learn as you go. Those looking for a story, narrative, meaning, etc. will not be nourished by the 90% of the time spent solving puzzles (9% exploring the island, 1% tedious audio-files and odd videos)."
,Recommended,210970,21846901,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mighty Max,"NOTE: Some puzzles may be difficult/impossible for the hard of hearing or color-blind.That being said, this is the king of all puzzle games. If you want a game that will throw hundreds of incredibly varied, deep, surprising, challenging puzzles at you for dozens of hours on end, you must buy this. I'm 32 hours in and I'm still excited to unravel the next few mysteries of the island. It helps that the game is gorgeous, so even when I'm stuck on a puzzle I can enjoy the scenery.If you have a puzzle-loving friend, I highly recommend plugging in a second mouse and playing through together. A second perspective really helps with some of the harder puzzles, you will be able to play longer without getting puzzle-fatigued, and you can share in the excitement"
76561198013502425,Recommended,210970,28798308,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kermit,"It's brillant. It's deeper and more challanging than it looks at first. It has roughtly two halves that feel very different.The first part is very interesting, satisfying and engaging. You have to be willing to explore a bit and leave areas to come back later when you know more about their rules. A big part of the game is to figure out the rules that govern the different types of puzzles.Almost all puzzles in this game involve drawing lines, or drawing lines in mazes. Many puzzles are simple, equally many require some thought, some are engaging in the sense that you have to interact with the environment in order to solve them, some are tricky in the sense that you're not given enough information to solve them at first, or you have to be very observant about your surroundings. With persistence you can figure them out. A small minority is overdone and a tad too obscure so the solution is borderline arbitrary even if you know all the hints.Overlapping series of very similar ambient sound samples of drops falling in the environment paired with an invisible symmetry line and light filter interactions all supposed to be hints? That's overdone in my book and condemns some puzzles to become a community effort on reddit requiring real work to solve. Even if it is true that all of the elements have been encountered in isolation before.Puzzle difficulty should not scale through obscurity alone. The Witness does this sometimes, but thankfully only a very few places are guilty of this. A slightly bigger minority of puzzles pretty much requires you to actually take notes, and solve the puzzle off-screen. Mostly on puzzles that can switch state somehow, and you only see one state at a time on-screeen. The puzzle requires you to integrate all possible states in order to solve it. I generally think a puzzle game like this should strive to be on-screen solvable. If the game had a graph-paper note-taking/experimentation tool it would be perfect.The second half of the game is optional and is the equivalent of a pixel hunt in 2d games of old, but with a third dimension, and sometimes timing or moving parts added to the mix as well. This part of the game does not respect your time and effort, and there's no adequate reward except to have found them. Think finding a 100 flags in assassins creed. Things are hidden, you have to find them. The one hint you get is roughly the direction a thing is hidden and what it looks like. I think that second part is too expansive and sometimes things are too cleverly hidden. It's a scavenger hunt that is fit for a reddit effort, not a single-player experience. It's also not engaging your intellect. Merely your patience and perseverance. And therefore I'd rate that second part, although the idea and the execution are both brilliant in my opinion, as too repetetive and unrewarding to be present in this abundance. It goes overboard by not engaging the intellect and imaginagion of the player as much as celebrating the cleverness of the developers. Which is simply unnecessary.I have the deepest regard for the competence in puzzle design, environment design, art direction and the resulting visual coherence. I've never seen these things done so well in a video game before. 10/10 on these fronts.The narrative ambience is remarkable, and will be a polarizing issue for players. You love it or you hate it. There is no straight narrative but rather a collection of ideas dealing with modes of knowing, modes of inquiry and other aspects that shape our understanding of the world. It's a reflection on how the game was designed and how the player is interacting with it, uncovering how it works. In my opinion the narrative ambience is accomplishing its goal rather well, especially once you've seen a sizable portion of the material. Many people would prefer a straight story though.Piece of advice if you want to play: go blind. This is a game about the plasure of finding things out.Incidentally, find 'The pleasure of finding things out' on youtube. Watch it. If the ideas resonate with you, so will the ideas in this game. If you progress far enough, you'll even find 'literal' pieces of that in the game. If you opened the corresponding door legitimately, that is without using a guide, you should be reminded about the chess analogon and 'castleing'. And how you found out about a curious new rule, and had to apply the idea to the door puzzle in order to open it."
,Recommended,210970,32797661,Posted: 25 June,all,Inquisitor Penguin,"Overall good, if somewhat tedious.Some puzzles will not accept alternate solutions, which should work according to the rules applied. These are only a handful of cases, ands seem to be simple oversight, In many cases, there can be multiple solutions so long as the rules are applied correctly.The puzzles themselves tend to be repetitious, but clever on the whole. The scenery is nice, however. The peaceful setting also helps set a good mood for puzzle solving.The videos are obscure and fascinating. The game could do with more music.I would say 7/10 overall. Solid recommendation to those who enjoy puzzle games and have plenty of free time. The ending is a bit ambiguous and leaves rather a lot to be desired in the closure department, but I feel this can be overlooked. The journey is really the point here, and the satisfaction of solving the puzzles is really sufficient, even if the grand puzzle of the game itself cannot be resolved."
,Recommended,210970,25585934,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tweak,"Summary: The Witness is an unconventional game that everyone should play, but they won't.I won't lie. It didn't take very long for me to feel frustrated and underwhelmed with this game. At first I wanted to give it a mixed/neutral score (ignoring the fact that Steam lacks the common sense to give us that feedback option). My general impression was that the ideas were creative, but the execution came up short.One of the challenges that either the player or The Witness has to overcome (depending on your point of view) is that the rules aren't going to be explained. If your idea of a good puzzle game is knowing your objective, and just demonstrating what you know, then this game isn't for you. Or is it?What I would argue is that The Witness was very deliberately designed to do something besides just be a game. The witness ISN'T about puzzle mechanics. It's about problem solving in general. It's about facilitating the change that takes place in your brain when you don't know; don't have a clue, but start asking questions; start testing ideas.The Witness wants you to learn how to think for yourself. Not because your avatar has a backstory. Not because there's an achievement to unlock, or some time to kill, or even profit to be had in the business behind it. It just understands that thinking is very much the most fundamental part of being human. And maybe, fewer and fewer people are actually doing it (whether it be a side effect of technology, flaw in social and educational systems, or some other cause or influence).Played correctly (without a walkthrough, video, backseat gamer, etc.), the Witness seeks to cultivate your desire to confront what you don't understand, to foster confidence in your inate ability to figure things out, and to instill passion for knowledge by appreciating your own progress.The Witness is not a conventional game. Expect to be disappointed if that is the lens through which you try to judge it. I wish everyone had the open-mindedness and patience to play it. (And the ability, but that's another matter)."
,Recommended,210970,28152488,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Stage,"The best way I've ever found of reminding myself how dumb I am.Many puzzles require a kind of lateral thinking which is incredibly satisfying when you work out the correct approach and suddenly realise what seemed impossible is trivial. It's frequently frustrating and unforgiving, and if you're not good at mental spacial transformation tasks then it'll be much harder still, but the lack of hand-holding and incredible level of challenge serve to make it more satisfying.Finding an especially clever solution or approach can actually make you *gasp*."
,Recommended,210970,29319251,Posted: 17 January,all,Cian,"The Witness is a game about perspectives.The stated objective of The Witness is to explore an abandoned island and solve puzzles. The real objective of The Witness is to gain knowledge, and understand why things are the way they are. In my time playing The Witness, I became a scientist, an architect, a cartographer, a mathematician, and an artist. The Witness feels perfectly crafted and manufactured, to its own detriment. The Witness is difficult, and uninviting, and intentionally so. The Witness is not an accessible game, and shuns players who are colour blind or hard of hearing at different points.The Witness's inaccessability doesn't feel like an oversight however, when playing The Witness you will feel like the game doesn't care about you as a player. It will not assist you if you will need help. At points it feels like The Witness is laughing at you. But after a long fight, I won against The Witness.And the laugh I had was so good."
,Not Recommended,210970,20860730,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,GlitchEnzo,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.I'm a fan of Jonathan Blow and I LOVED Braid.The Witness ticks all the right boxes for me: beautiful artistic graphics, open world exploration, puzzles to solve, etc.However, this game was never ""fun"" for me.  It was repetitive to the point of being monotonous and frustrating.  There was never any ""ah-ha"" feeling of genius, just solving the same puzzle over and over (with some slightly changing rules).So far, I've ""only"" played 11 hours and activated 2 lasers (~100 puzzles), but I have to say I'm done.  I can't stand to do yet another maze puzzle!Will others love this game?  Absolutely.  It's just not for everyone.EDIT: I wanted to add clarification for what I've done in the game.I'm more of an explorer type so I wandered around and saw every major area in the game.  I also built-up an understanding for most (if not all) of the rules in the game.I understand the rules for hexagons, squares, ""tetris"" blocks, ""stars"", etc.I did symmetry maze puzzles, tree branching maze puzzles (two major types), sound maze puzzles (which were TERRIBLE), hedge maze puzzles (probably the best ones in the game), color tinted maze puzzles, object tracing maze puzzles, etc.  (Basically 11 hours of nothing but maze puzzles.)I went completely through the ""treehouse"". I climbed to the top of the mountain.  I unlocked pretentious videos.  I unlocked pretentious audio recordings (one of which was 8 minutes long!).  I took boat rides around the island.  I feel that I have a pretty good idea of what this game offers and it's simply not for me."
,Recommended,210970,26727456,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,S.,I wish I could play this once again for the first time...
,Recommended,210970,32416475,Posted: 14 June,all,toast,"The Witness is not for everyone.  If you're looking for a plot, answers to the many questions the world begs, or any kind of payoff really, this game will disappoint you tremendously.  However, The Witness is not about the destination, but the journey.  The beautifully crafted island is a delight to explore; it's devoid of life and full of mystery, and can be progressed through in any order the player feels.  The basic goal of the game is simple: solve line- and symbol- based logic puzzles.  That's it.  Their rules are taught only by doing them in ever increasing complexity.  Once you finish a section of the island, typically with a themed rule set or aesthetic, several more distinct regions await with yet more puzzles to solve, until one by one they're completed.  Of course, the end is not the end.  There are myriad hidden secrets, environmental puzzles, illusions, and unrelated sights to be discovered beyond just line puzzles.  The Witness is a wholly immersive experience if you give it a chance to envelop you, and I highly recommend doing just that.  I played this game for nearly three days straight after I bought it and I've been unable to get it out of my head since then."
,Recommended,210970,21192245,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Chewable C++,"The Witness is a first person exploration puzzle game that is highly remarkable for a variety of reasons, some of which sadly can't be discussed easily (or at all) without risking spoilers.For those of you considering the game, please take this to heart and limit or (preferably) just abstain from looking up more info about the game. Many reviews contain spoilers at some level (including the top reviews)! The forums and community hub also do (even though there is a Spoiler subforum, there are still spoilers in the other sub-forums). I will try to keep this review as spoiler free as practical.First and foremost, The Witness manages to evoke even in a seasoned gamer like me, the sense of wonder I felt when playing games like Myst for the first time.That is, among other reasons, because the game is a gorgeous piece of virtual art. Most of us are no longer easily impressed by pretty, expensive, mass produced graphics. This is more than that.While indeed technically excellent, the world (well, island) of The Witness is crafted in a way that feels something like walking around in a masterpiece painting (or series of paintings, as there is considerable environmental variety). Aside from the overall beauty, there are so very many wonderful details to admire. I don't think I have played any other first person 3D game that approaches this level of artistry.Second, the gameplay, which consists primarily of exploration, puzzle solving, and a sort of scavenger hunting is surprisingly enjoyable.The classic CD-ROM game Myst is perhaps the closest comparison and the biggest inspiration for this game, but The Witness is much more accessible, less frustrating, more beautiful, and, I think, more rewarding an experience.It is a game of epiphanies, repeatedly producing quite nice feelings of accomplishment in ways that not many games do, even most puzzle games.This is largely because the puzzle solving mechanics are never directly explained to you, but the world presents you with ample visual and symbolic clues to make your own inferences. This is the core design principle, and, to me, indeed a key selling point.Based on preview videos I saw initially, I had significant reservations about the seemingly simplistic puzzle mechanic. Simple it is indeed, but it is presented in such clever, varied, often challenging ways that it never really felt tedious or overly repetitive to me (although, I am quite good at puzzles). And, yes, there is somewhat more to this than solving 2D puzzles on flat panels.Going into more details about the mechanics would spoil the sense of discovery that is the highlight of the game, so I will not, but I will say that this game will exercise your mind in a wide variety of wonderful ways.It's not an easy game. While getting to the ""easy"" ending can be done without much effort, the game holds substantial challenges for those that wish to take them on.During my playthrough, I ended up using three sheets of graph paper and taking numerous private screenshots for future reference. It'sthattype of game - the type of game (almost) nobody has dared to make in decades.It takes maybe a 10-20 hours to reach the easy ending, and another 10-20 to reach complete the second achievement. However, there is quite a bit more to do, and doing all of it, even with a guide, would take quite a lot longer.So, to those of you wondering about the $40 price point, the game hasplentyto offer to justify it.Conditional RecommendationI highly recommend The Witness to the right audiences. The trick is determining whether or not you are the right audience for the game.Reasons you mightnotlike The Witness:* You have a sensory deficiency (colorblind or deaf) - see Sensory section below for more details* You dislike puzzles.* You dislike thinking.* You want your game mechanics clearly explained to you rather than having to figure them out based on clues/cues.* You need games to have a coherent, ""traditional"" story. What is the game about? If you really must know, it's aboutepistemology* You would be overly uncomfortable exploring a mostly static world with only some environmental audio, but mostly no music.* You want to be able to do everything in the game without help (note: help is not necessary for the achievements, though some may need it).* You want to be able to do everything in the game in a reasonable amount of time (note: again, not a problem for the achievements)(including this in spoiler tags so others do not inevitably point it out in comments)* You can't standbeing ""lectured""onreligion/science/philosophy/art/whatever.This isn't a required part of the game. If you don't like that sort of thing, you can ignore it, but if you do, you will bepartially ""missing the point""There is a common complaint that, despite what I said, and despite the overall positive reception, that the core mechanic of the game (drawing a line) is too repetitive. I worried about this initially, but I after having played the game, I think it's fine and surprisingly well done, though perhaps not without some arguable flaws. I guess I have to mention that here because it's such a common complaint, but ultimately if this sounds like a concern to you, the only way to find out if it works for you or not without spoiling the game is to actually play the game for yourself.Besides these warnings, I highly recommend it to anyone else.Misc. NotesThe game is actually ""optionally"" DRM free. The Steam version can be run without Steam, if necessary (although mixing offline/online may cause problems).Buying it at the Humble Store will give you a choice between DRM-freeonlyor Steam keyonly..The game looks nice on High settings, for which you would need to meet the moderately high recommended requirements. I haven't tried it in lower settings, but I've seen some people say that the game loses a lot when settings go lower, so the experience won't be as nice.Is this game ""indie""? I would say so. Here's a relevant quote from Jonathan Blow (from Reddit AMA):""I am not disappointed with anything from the game. If we had shipped it early, I would have been -- I would have stories like you hear from most game developers, ""well, we originally wanted to do X but we had to de-scope the game because it was obviously too ambitious"", or, ""we tried to do Y but we just didn't get it right and then we had to ship"". No, that is not how we work here. We built an ambitious game and we made sure everything was good and then we shipped it. When you aren't being forced to ship by a publisher or by financial constraints, you can feel free to make the best thing that you can.""A Spoilerful Review by Someone ElseIf you'vealreadyfinished the game, or are for some silly reason resolved to never play it, then this is another review I'd recommend that discusses the nature of the game in a way that can't be done without spoilers:http://www.gamesradar.com/eureka-moment-what-witness-story-really-about/Sensory InfoThere are sections of the game where puzzles are sound and color based. If you have a sensory deficiency, you will not be able to finish those puzzles on your own. But, you could look up the solutions in a guide.Specifically, the sound puzzles are:in the forest area where there are speakers attached to trees, etc, near the puzzles and for one puzzle in the shipwreckThe color puzzles arein the greenhouse area on the sea facing side of the mountain and a few also in the village area"
76561198025187751,Recommended,210970,23721257,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,kalysti,"I want to recommend this game for its puzzles and its use of meta-puzzles. The interface is exceptionally clean and elegant, one of the best I've seen in any game. The landscape is carefully designed and rewards exploration. If you enjoy solving puzzles, you will not regret buying this game.As a game, this is a great success, in my opinion. And as a piece of software, too.However, there are some serious drawbacks, in my opinion. The first and worst is, while I can intellectually appreciate the aesthetic principles underlying the art style, it is not to my taste. I found the color palette, in particular, distracting and annoying, rather than soothing. And there is a sterility and artificiality to the whole environment that made me weary.The second problem is, thankfully, an optional experience. And I am grateful to the developers that they made it optional.  There are interactive memory cards scattered around the environment. When you click on one, a famous quotation is read/recited. I recognized many of the quotes from my university days and my own personal reading over the last 60ish years. The quotations are not unconnected to their surroundings. But I find them tedious and pretentious. After the first few, I stopped clicking on them all together.The other problem I have with the quotations is that they are all taken out of context. Context is extremely important in all areas of communication., but especially written communication. Taken out of context, quotations become sound bites that are carefully chosen to support the chooser's ideas and beliefs.  I would encourage any player to explore the quotes you most enjoy outside the context of this game."
76561198054465697,Recommended,210970,30935232,Posted: 3 April,all,sigsegv,"You SHOULD play this game if you want......a difficult task to struggle with, and eventually triumph over...to exercise your patience and your ability to quickly learn random things...to look at pretty trees and beaches while you listen to sexy voices talk about philosophyYou SHOULD NOT play this game if you want......to ""have fun"" (this game is more ""rewarding"" and ""interesting"" than it is ""fun"")...to feel smart (this game makes you feel super dumb. I've seen multiple people rage quit.)...to get to the end (the puzzles etc. are the game. If you're looking for something else, play a different game.)"
,Recommended,210970,25625135,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ShodanKid,"I will always adore a clever puzzler. The Witness is the embodiment of clever puzzling. Sure, it will not be for everyone. In fact, the exact things people tend to dislike are the things I absolutely love about this game. A very simple idea, a grid panel, yet you get presented with dozens of different ways these panels have solutions that really becomes not the same repetitive puzzle, but an exploration of ideas.I did not find it repetitive. In fact, around every corner I would get blown away by how different a new puzzle could feel. The island itself becomes a part of the puzzle and you get to know so much of it intimately. There are no tricks, no cheap shots, in fact some of the more irritating moments you may realize is you overcomplicating the whole thing.An extraordinary amount of love went into crafting this game, and once you dive in and realize that it's not giving you the same thing over and over, but that it's trying to show you a world from perspectives you may not have expected, it will become a world you really want to explore. I thoroughly enjoyed my time on this island, found it well worth the $40, and could not disagree that for some it is just not going to be your cup of tea."
76561198002451127,Not Recommended,210970,20794056,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,LAUNCH,"Extremely disappointed by this game given all the glowing reviews this game has received from various media outlets. It is confusing precisely why these critics had given the game so much praise considering just how repetitious, tedious and deeply unsatisfying these puzzles are to solve. This review is coming from someone who has completed and immensely enjoyed the original Braid, the Portal games, and the Talos Principle + its DLC.All the puzzles I’ve encountered so far have the same basic structure; you trace a line through a maze governed by certain constraints and rules that you need to discover. The discovery of these rules is an application of the tools of the scientific method; you’ll begin by formulating a working hypothesis about how to traverse the maze, then you’ll test your idea by applying the rule to each of the series of thematically-related mazes that follows. Almost always you will find that you will need to revise your working-rule in favor of some deeper rule, going back to previous puzzles to figure out the commonality between a series of mazes. When nearly every puzzle you encounter is actively trying to defy your expectations, repeat this process puzzle after puzzle (ad nauseum) and you’ll soon begin to see just how frustrating and unfun these puzzles are to complete.Often you’ll be on the last puzzle of a series just to find out that what you thought was true is in fact incorrect, leaving you dumbfounded at what to do next. Sure, you’re free to walk away from the puzzle, but you’re disincentivized from doing so since – after returning -- you are likely going to forget about what the hell was going on in that problematic puzzle in the first place, forcing you to recapitulate the entire tortuous and stressful process again under the mind-numbing electrical droning of the panel upon which the maze is displayed. These puzzles are also difficult, both logically and cognitively. You’ll be applying deductions in formal logic while storing complex patterns in visual memory, mentally rotating them and retracing them onto the maze panel. Better for puzzle games to be too hard than too easy for sure, but mentally exhausting for the player.Well, the pay-off to solving these puzzles must surely be worth it, right?! Well, sometimes you’ll be rewarded with something tantalizing – e.g. a staircase descending somewhere mysterious or a stark change in scenery -- only to find that it is locked behind a door with yet another puzzle panel, this time with alien symbols upon them. Other times seemingly nothing happens -- at all. Or, perhaps you will be given a long, boring audio recording of a quote/monologue voiced by some pompous sounding ♥♥♥♥. Yay! Not even your experience of the feeling of insight will be a satisfying reward for you because that too becomes so routine that is becomes boring and banal. The sheer profundity of your epiphanies will begin to wane after your 11th insight.There’s not much to do in the world other than the puzzles or taking in the visual scenes of the beautiful looking art-style. No discernible story, no ambient soundtrack, limited ability to wander through the world.I cannot recommend this game at all (unless you are a masochist). Maybe if you are a puzzle fanatic you will enjoy this game. I seriously considered getting a refund but decided to give the game a chance to unfold and prove me wrong. I had not experience any of the “brilliance” this game has been ascribed, so perhaps I am missing something that only shows up later in the game or in areas I have not explored. What I think most critics call brilliance is little more than the fact that some puzzles extend or are transposed into the wider world; something which merely requires one to be more observant of the surroundings the puzzle is situated, not genius.Update:As a point of reference for how far I got into the game when this review was written, I played ~8hrs and completed 124 puzzles + 11"
,Recommended,210970,25819834,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ndh,"If you like challenging puzzle games, and have patience when you can't solve a puzzle immediately, The Witness is very rewarding and highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,210970,20886857,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,gyvdh,"SPOILER WARNING.I have never seen a game that hated its player so much. I don't mind how challenging it is. I really don't. I perservered and in the end, I finished it. Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy myself. It was baffling to me that the game would do arbitrary things and then be deathly silent while I tried to figure out what just happened. I don't like how it guesses your solution to a puzzle and then puts another obstacle in the way just to make you frustrated. I don't like how it preaches esoteric themes about humanity and then scoffs at the player's humanity. I don't like how it builds itself up to be ethereal and high-minded and then....doesn't fill in any of the plot gaps. I have so many questions still. Who is my character? Why are they the only one not turned to stone? Why did everyone else turn to stone in the first place? Were those giants in the quarry? Why are there giants? Why are the giants doing the manual labor? Are they enslaved? (The giants were so strange to me.) What's with the huge scene in the castle courtyard? Why do I feel like I'm simultaneously in the 21st century and the 14th? Why is there an eastern temple when everything else seems incredibly western? Just.....what happened? At all??Look, game, I've taken Philosophy 101, I know the whole ""I think therefore I am"" garbage. Don't spike my curiosity with this elaborate, beautiful, story-telling scenery, then ignore it, and instead condescend to me like I'm a freshman in college. I am just.....so disappointed. I feel like if I straight up asked the game what the story behind it all was, it would snort and go, ""Like you'd even get it."" Don't bore me with lectures about peace and love and humanity, and then have no humanity to give.I have to say though, only when the end of the game flyover came around, and it started undoing and shutting off all my hard work, did I realize the game hated me. It straight hated me. It thought I was an absolute piece of garbage and it had no respect for me, my time, or my humanity. I am exhausted by The Witness. If someone asked me if I recommended it, I would tell them, if you like puzzles, go ahead and play it, but go in knowing that the game hates you and everything you are. Don't expect anything but frustration and confusion. Discovery and accomplishment may happen, but they are completely overshadowed in the end."
,Recommended,210970,20839611,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,PancakeMix,"After playing this game for almost 50 hours, I feel like I've now seen enough of it to give it a fair review.I never leave reviews, but I feel the need to for this game since I believe that it is a masterpiece. Even after 50 hours of playing, I'm still continuing to discover things that blow my mind. I really don't know what else to say without spoiling anything about the puzzles. I'll just say that at LEAST 95% of this game would be impossible without the island. People who are claiming that the island is useless are just plain wrong, and almost every single thing in the environment is placed there for a reason.Also, people who are claiming that it's a ""walking simulator"" or a ""$0.99 phone game"" are completely wrong as well. It's obvious that they haven't gotten past the starting area. If there actually are ""phone games"" like this then please point me in their direction. I'd love to purchase them."
,Recommended,210970,33130945,Posted: 2 July,all,Eggerd,Positive:Beautiful graphicsA lot of puzzlesPuzzles within puzzles (environment puzzels)You can freely choose where to go and start with the puzzlesLot of mysteries you start to wonder aboutNegative:The ending was kinda disappointing.. it didn't really explain stuff you desperately wanted to know
76561197970564570,Recommended,210970,27532151,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,September,"This is my game of the year 2016, hands down. It might even be my game of the decade, let’s see about that. While it can certainly be said that this game is not for everybody, if you’re one of those people itisfor, your mind will be blown more times than you knew it had the capacity to.Indications that this game might be for you include:You enjoy using your logical mind.You find beauty in elegance.The idea of entering a mental dialog with someone who always seems to know what you’re thinking appeals to you.You like not to be patronized by the media you consume.You find a list like this more helpful than an enumeration of game features."
76561198001952038,Not Recommended,210970,20864972,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,eyefragment,"I did not enjoy this game at all -- I found it to be pretentious, hackish, and overpriced.  I'm going to avoid spoilers because it is still a relatively new game, but the best thing that I can compare it to is a book of 700 sudoku puzzles.  It's fun to sit down and do a few on an airplane from time to time, but doing puzzle after puzzle after puzzle just feels like tedium -- especially once you've figured out the basic logic and just need to work through 5 or 6 possibilities and do some process of elimination.In addition, the game tries to ""spice up"" the puzzles from time to time by putting them on flickering screens or wrapping them around columns.  Doing so doesn't really add anything to the game.  A flickering screen just means that I have to whip out video recording software (or just spam take screenshot) and leave the game to solve the puzzle.  A column means that I have to pull out pen and paper, diagram the puzzle, and keep going.Fortunately, the puzzles are all well designed and fair, in my estimation.  I didn't find any bugs or have any correct solutions rejected, which speaks to an impressive amount of testing that has gone into this game.  Unfortunately, there are just too many of them for the relatively few ""ah-hah"" moments that you get from figuring out new mechanics.There isn't a story or any real motivation to what you're doing.  The island begs a lot of questions, but never answers them -- worse still, the experience isn't even fleshed out.  I can live with a story that doesn't get tied up nicely at the end, but the story that you can see on the island feels like a 10 page exerpt from the middle of a 300 page book.  There is no beginning, no ending, and no progression or change whatsoever.Finally, there is a collection of short audio logs scattered throughout the island and a few longer ones too (anywhere from 3 minutes to over an hour) on whatever Jonathan Blow felt like including in the game, presumably things he has found enlightening.  It's heavy handed zen that feels completely out of place.  There is a particularly egregious instance of this late in the game (minor spoiler follows)where an optional puzzle requires you to listen to an hour long lecture to receive completion credit.  Mercifully, you can walk away from your computer and let it complete on its own a-la the Braid cloud.As a fan of puzzles (I've attended many MIT mystery hunts on competitive teams), philosophy, and good 'ol Braid, I'm really shocked that I didn't enjoy this game.  But the fact is that I didn't -- playing this game felt like a chore.  I've only gotten the basic ending, but I've been put off by this enough that I don't have any interest in digging deeper myself -- I've youtube'd the rest.All in all, The Witness tries to pass itself off as a 40 hour, near-AAA title by making 700 variants of the same 20 basic puzzle rules.  This struck me as mostly annoying and not very challenging or creative.  This game could and should have been condensed into a 10 dollar, 50-puzzle package with an accompanying book of quotes and lectures that were particularly influential in Jonathan Blow's life.It's hard to believe that this got universal acclaim by all of the pre-release reviews -- maybe it's just me?  Who knows."
,Not Recommended,210970,20975686,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mega Potion,"I've been waiting to play The Witness since it was announced. I wanted to like it. I really did.But I didn't. Instead, it was a huge disappointment.If you listen to me, maybe you can avoid the same mistake. Or not. Maybe you'll love it. This is just my opinion, after all.Let me explain.The problem I have with The Witness is this: It's not fun.The island itself is wonderfully crafted. I haven't seen an environment this colourful and well designed in a long time. You can tell that a lot of love went into bulding it, making everything line up just right or cast shadows in the perfect spots to do some fantastic perspective tricks. Maybe some branches will look like a pair of eyes, or maybe some statues will line up just right, that kind of thing. And while the island looks small, it feels absolutely enormous. You can go from one end to the other in a few minutes, but each area feels huge. The aesthetics of the different zones are absolutely beautiful, too, with each area having a distinct colour scheme and biome. The glowing wires that link all the puzzles together are really cool, as are the lasers that shine from each finished area. Visually, it's amazing.There are some areas that I saw but never went to. Locked doors I never opened. A whole underground left unexplored, and many more hidden things that I didn't notice and certainly don't have the drive to seek out. The island holds lots of secrets.Unfortunately, the island also holds lots of dull, lifeless line puzzles.A puzzle game lives or dies on the quality of its puzzles. The Witness, without doubt, contains more puzzles, and in a higher density, than any other game I can think of. The game does a fantastic job of training you and making sure you understand how the different rules for each puzzle work, and all without a single word. It's just a shame that they're not fun.You see that trailer up there? Those line puzzles in the first 20 seconds or so? That's it. That's the game. Hours and hours of doing that.You might have seen people sarcastically quoting critics, saying""It's nothing but line puzzles!""And they're right. No matter how you slice it, every single puzzle is based on drawing a line from a start point to an end point, usually on a grid. Usually there are some rules to follow. Maybe in some you have two lines, or maybe you have to group colours together, or maybe the grid is a different shape, that kind of thing. It doesn't matter. The beautiful world is wasted as you run around looking at lines and grids on a screen. Or maybe the grid is on a wall. Or maybe on the floor. Maybe itisthe floor. It doesn't matter. There is no variation. I could print out every single puzzle in the game and staple them together and miss out on absolutely nothing.When're not puzzling, all you can do is walk around the island in silence, searching for line puzzles or audio logs. And there's always a puzzle lurking somewhere, ready to jump out and bore you to death. Your reward for finishing a line puzzle? Another line puzzle. Maybe that line puzzle you just did will open a door to some more line puzzles. Maybe it will move a platform so you can get to even more line puzzles. Or maybe a panel right next to the line puzzle you just solved will pop open revealing yet another line puzzle. It's endless. And even though each puzzle is unique, they don't feel it. Each puzzle blurs with the one before it, an endless stream of the-same-but-different. As soon as you complete a puzzle, you either follow the wire to the next one or watch another screen with another puzzle turn on, over and over without end. Another grid, another line. There was exactly one ""A-ha!"" moment for me: the hedge mazes. These were easily the best puzzles in the game. Why? Because they'rejust barelyconnected to line puzzles at the end of them.Scattered around are audio logs and videos of some people spouting philosophy and Zen teachings. You could try and listen to them, but why bother? There's no story.There's an allusion of one, I'm sure - A logo shows up again and again on various items  - but there's nothing to give it form.After a few hours of lines, my initial enthusiasm faded rapidly. I went from,""How do I solve this?"", To""Oh God, not another one"". The puzzles quickly go from being novel to being a chore, and some puzzles will shut off if you fail them, requiring you to go back and re-solve the previous one to reactivate it. Some of the puzzles seem to exist for no reason, too. There are strings of puzzles in some of the areas that just end. No follow up, no shortcuts, nothing. The puzzle chain just stops and leaves you wondering why you just did all that, especially when the skill that it teaches you is never used again.After 10 hours, I'd had enough. At first, I started looking at hints to see if I was moving in the right direction. However, boredom quickly gives way to frustration, and I used a walkthrough to find how to get the remaining 3 of 7 lasers to get to the final area, and then to get through final area itself, where the puzzles start at incredibly difficult and end at impossible.And when you beat the game, what do you get? A vague idea of anything that happened? Nope. Game over, the end.Finally, the biggest problem I have with this it is the price. £30 is absurd. Avoid this, unless, after reading all that, you're still convinced you want it, wait until it's much, much cheaper. Like, 1/3rd of the price.Despite all that, I don't hate The Witness. It's not a bad game! It's well put together and the island is nice to look at if nothing else. It's just not the game I thought it would be.If you want to play a better first person puzzler, go and buy either:The Talos PrincipleorFract OSCOr hell, evenMyst"
,Not Recommended,210970,30782854,Posted: 27 March,all,Genpei Turtle,"I think at this point I've seen pretty much all of what The Witness has to offer. I still have about a dozen puzzles and a bunch of obelisk ""lines"" to find, I think I've gotten close to the full experience of the game, if not the full experience of the game. I really would love to recommend this game, but in the end I just can't.Let's start with the good stuff--the presentation and ambiance of the island you're on is wonderful. It's a gorgeous environment with all sorts of hidden nooks and crannies to find and explore, and innumerable easter eggs to find. Many of the puzzles are quite clever, and the way The Witness slowly teaches you the ""language"" of the puzzles bit by bit is great. It's a really good example of how to allow the player to learn the rules of the game on their own in a satisfying manner.However, there's one critical flaw to the Witness that keeps me from recommending it: It isn't really very much fun.I love puzzles in general, especially ones that require creative thinking, and rarely ever get bored doing them. But by the time I reached the end of the The Witness, I was pretty much fed up with it. I was sorely tempted to just look up puzzle solutions online, not because I couldn't solve them, but because I wanted it to be over.Part of the problem is the puzzle design. While each puzzle has its own ""rules,"" they're all fundamentally the same--trace a line through the correct pathway on a panel.  The Witness does an OK job of using the environment in tandem with the panel puzzles, but there's really only so much you can do with this formula. It gets repetitive extremely quickly, and honestly this type of puzzle is more suited to a mobile platform than a full-fledged PC game.This leads to the second problem--the island is horribly disjointed and lacks cohesion. With nearly all of the ""meat"" of the game contained in flat panels sprinkled about a three-dimensional world, an inordinate amount of time is spent running from place to place trying to find the next puzzle. In many cases there doesn't even seem to be any reason for the game world to be there at all.What's worse is that there are some puzzles you won't be able to solve upon initially discovering them--and since there's no sort of map to mark places to come back to, there's a real risk of not being able to find places you want to go back to, or at least waste a lot of time trying to do so.In a way, that pretty much sums up The Witness in general--a pointless waste of time. After finishing the game, the optional ""challenge"" achievement, and unlocking the videos in the windmill (though I have yet to watch them) I didn't feel any real sense of accomplishment or satisfaction, just a vague sense of ""that's 20 hours of my life I'll never get back.""If you want to get a good mindbending puzzle game with a good variety of puzzles, a beautiful aesthetic, and an interesting story to boot, get The Talos Principle. The Witness feels like a wannabe Talos Principle without any of the understanding of what made that game so good. It's a shame because The Witness isn't that far off from being a good game, it just fell a little bit short."
,Recommended,210970,21076262,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Demigiant,"NOTE:This was initially a negative review. In hindsight, I later changed it to positive.The Witness is definitely a game that you'll either love or hate. For me, it was a love-hate-love-hate journey.When it started, I was captured by the environment, the design, the colors. The puzzles looked smooth and fascinating. Everything was mysterious, and the promise of a hidden narrative pushed me onward. That was love.After a while, I realized that the promised narrative (and I say promised because the Steam's misleading description clearly promises it, by stating ""You don't remember who you are, [..] but there's one thing you can do: explore the island in hope of discovering clues, regaining your memory, and somehow finding your way home"") is a failed promise. There is no narrative here, other than what you might imagine by yourself, as if looking at a stone cold sculpture. Solving puzzles has almost no consequence. Many little things I didn't care about before (like some puzzles requiring millimetrical positioning in the world, but the engine not supporting analog joystick movement) began to annoy me. That was hate.I moved on. I decided to ignore the missing narrative, to try and just enjoy the puzzles, and the dedication with which the island was crafted. It worked. There is so much richness in The Witness' island, and so many relations between elements. Like that one statue which, if looked from the right perspective, wants to hold hands with a farther one. It's like a beautiful alien mechanism that pushes you to find its deeper connections (only later I realized those connections weren't really meaningful and mostly random, which can still be a beautiful thing but, you know, it depends). That was love again.Finally, I reached the last part of the game. And the puzzles (and the misleading narrative) decided to troll me more evidently. Instead of implementing new ideas, they used dirty tricks like flashing lights and colors and glitchy monitors. They were trying to hurt me, physically. To solve one batch I ended up nauseous. To solve another my vision became blurry for a while. And mind you, these puzzles are not skippable: you HAVE to hurt yourself to go on. Every game developer knows you don't do flashing lights and colors, because on a wide range of people they can have really bad effects, and the eyes are a delicate thing. That was hate, again.Then there was the ending(s). I won't say anything about it to avoid spoilers, but let's just say that, when I connected the dots, I realized that The Witness is just a big FU to players, possibly to humanity. Its anti-philosophical philosophy sways from intellectual frigidity to adolescent depth, from incoherent nihilism to detached positivism, and is overall like a Möbius strip, rolling over itself without anywhere else to go. The Witness didn't have anything to say, other than that it hated me.I never wrote a negative Steam review (other than for the horrible Godus), and I thought I'd write this while still recommending the game. Because, as I mentioned, the island is beautiful, and most puzzles really cool. But then I thought about it more. Yes, I did love part of this, but at this price (please note, I was initially a big supporter of its high price), I can't recommend a game that hates you, and cheats you into believing there's a narrative which is not there. So. My two cents.EDITIt's been a few days now, and I decided to change my review to positive (while leaving my previous words untouched). When I initially finished The Witness, I was angry and very annoyed. In hindsight though, the game's merits feel bigger than its demerits. Sure, I still believe it's a carefully and beautifully crafted empty shell (I'm not really sure if it wanted to be more but couldn't, or if it decided to embrace/show its own limits with frustrated anger) with an overall FU message, but it has a lot of potential, and I hope it will pave the way for better games, both as a culture and as a media. Also, as I mentioned in the review, most puzzles, even if inconsequential, are really good. They have a great learning curve, are well connected to each other, and never feel frustrating (except the ""I want to physically hurt you"" ones towards the end).So. The Witness is, in my humble opinion, a glorious puzzle game on possibly the most beautiful virtual island I ever saw. Other than that, even if it fails at being more, it still shows such potential that it's a game you should play, to see it for yourself."
,Recommended,210970,20772022,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,"Sometimes you just might be in the mood for a game that will make you feel stupid. And sometimes those stupid people will stop playing less than 2 hours into the game and post a negative review complaining about how difficult the game is.I had to take a picture of my screen with Snapchat and use the paint tool in the app to solve the last5100 puzzles I just did.WORDS OF WISDOMIf you're stuck on a puzzle you don't understand the mechanic of, skip it, and come back later. There's no point in trying to brute force it, because there will just be more difficult versions of it beyond the door it unlocks. You will eventually learn how to complete it, at which point you can return and complete it with .Also, if you reach a platform that moves you to a place it seems you can never leave, try to solve the puzzle on the platform in a different matter.Initial ReactionReally though, the bottom line here is that this is a massive puzzle-filled game which competes with the likes of the Portal franchise and The Talos Principle. If you're going to go ahead and sum up this game with, ""so it's just mazes"", then I'm going to go ahead and sum up Portal with, ""so it's just portals"". This is an atmospheric puzzle game through-and-through. The visuals are stunning, despite the complete lack of options related to them, which probably came about as a problem resulting from an indie developer trying their hand at creating a game engine from the ground up rather than using something already established like Unity, Unreal, Crytek, etc... If this game is ""just mazes"", I dare you to try and beat it without the assistance of somebody else. This game is hard. And while mazes are the core mechanic, just like portals are in the Portal games, there are plenty of twists on the mechanic that help change things up just enough, just like in every single other game with a core mechanic that is branched off of.And after looking over a whole bunch of the other reviews, I'm really confused because this isn't a situation like Amazon's reviews where people can just willy nilly review products they didn't purchase. These are all people who legitimately purchased The Witness who are giving it negative reviews. Are these based off of reactions from watching trailers? Did people want another Braid? Where's the audience that gave The Talos Principle a 96% on Steam? This is The Talos Principle on steroids. This is The Talos Principle if the entirety of the game's content was open from the beginning, and you accidentally stumbled onto the last few puzzles of the game.Don't chalk up the game's length to whatever amount of time it takes you to beat the game after having solved the first 5 puzzles on your own, and eventually breaking down and resorting to the use of a guide. These is Dark Souls-levels of difficulty and eventual satisfaction after having accomplished something you never thought you would. This is easily one of the biggest and most difficult puzzle games available on Steam at the moment, and don't let anybody convince you that it's nothing short of great.This game is currently sitting at an 89% on Metacritic, and a 76% here on Steam, with various well-known critics like IGN, Destructoid, Telegraph, and Guardian giving the game perfect 10s. This game is a big deal, and hopefully the Steam userbase, being mostly populated by gamers playing a crate-opening simulator, recognizes that this is far more than just a bunch of mazes.After 10+ HoursOnce you've hit a certain point in the game, everything just starts to click. You begin to realize how crucial it really is to just straight up abandon a difficult puzzle and come back to it, especially if you feel like you're just brute forcing the thing at that point. This game turns into a unique kind of Metroidvania game right off the bat, in which every path is available for the player to explore, but the player soon finds out that some paths are more difficult or even impossible when compared to others. The game doesn't provide you with a unique ability that allows you to double jump up walls, or turn into a ball and roll through tight spaces. Instead, the game offers you the knowledge to go back to these difficult areas and know what you're doing through the use of little mini-tutorials that don't feel like they're holding your hand at all. They feel like they take the same approach that the start of the game does. They feel natural, which is once again why I must stress the importance of abandoning unfamiliar puzzles until you learn how to complete them later on.This is as much a maze game as Dark Souls is a combat game. Sure, it's a pivotal gameplay mechanic, but it produces a much wider range of puzzles than I've ever seen before in a puzzle game, and you can't just take the word of someone who's put 1 hour into the game and called it quits.SummaryPros and cons of the game's release-day content.Pros600+ puzzles, with a very steep learning curve.No handholding or boring filler content. No individual part of the island feels like wasted space. Nothing feels too similar either. Every area you visit is unique.Each individual puzzle takes a long time to solve, massive sense of accomplishment.Amazing visuals and sound design.Interesting overlapping story supported by hidden tape recorders with well done voice-acted dialogue.Difficulty curve set up like a unique Metroidvania, in which every path is available from the start, but you may not have learned enough about the game to proceed down certain paths until later.ConsLack of any real options other than V-sync (there is no FPS limit) and standard ""high"", ""med"", ""low"" presets.You're never going to beat this game."
,Recommended,210970,34104773,Posted: 8 August,all,FireHouse,"The depth in this game is incredible.I really respect it as a testament to what someone can do with a lot of time and money to pursue their vision uninhibited.However, the creator, Jonathan Blow, seems a bit out of touch in his expectation that others possess that same time and patience to spare on his product. He seems to consider this difference as an intellectual gulf, rather than a practical one.I don't bring this up as an unrelated ad hominem criticism. This attitude is inherent in The Witness. Which is a problem for me.I hate to say it, but it seems a very elitist game. There's nothing wrong with that, and it has it's place. I just believe for most people that place will be on that busy post-retirement shelf.It gets a thumbs up from me, because it is really an incredible piece of art, but I wanted to include my warning that the enjoyment you can get from it can be somewhat restricted, due to the fact it's a slow burner that doesn't feel like it should have to respect your time. This is part of what makes it great and unique, but hugely limits how I would engage with it.So purchase with caution!"
,Recommended,210970,28615525,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Outta Bandaids,"The less you know about the Witness the better the experience will be, so as soon as you've decided to dive in I recommend you immediately stop reading any reviews and start playing.I can personally say that this game is the greatest puzzle game I've ever played, but a quick look around online shows that it is a bit divisive. I don't think this game is for everybody. Players that expect some revelatory story moment or huge twist upon solving a puzzle will be disappointed. Instead, you gradually discover how the world of the Witness works in a series of subtle moments. I feel like the Witness is for people who are intrinsically curious, and want to understand the world around them for the sake of understanding the world around them.To me, the world of the Witness feels like an much smaller version of our world and, by extension, the player's time with the game feels like a miniature liftetime. When you first start the game with (hopefully) no prior knowledge of the world, you are basically a newborn. You play with the immediate environment around you, poke stuff, click stuff, and try to make sense of the basics of the way the world works. After a few hours under your belt, you'll have an understanding of the world at face value, and may even get a little cocky, thinking you've got the game down. However, after spending 60+ hours with the game, I can look back at my 10 hour self and laugh at how little I actually understood about the world of the Witness, how naive I was, and how much more I had to discover.Then you'll reach ""adulthood"", where you don't know everything about the world but you've begun to see the deeper secrets of it, and you have enough experience to start to wrap your head around the scope of the actual game. You'll reach a point where you realize how much more there is to this place, and for me that was one of my best memories in gaming.If you stick with it for hours after that, you'll eventually get the ""reward"". That reward was when I felt confident enough to say I had a good understanding of the Witness. Puzzles that used to take 30 minutes now took 30 seconds. The island that felt so huge and overwhelming at first I now knew like the back of my hand. I looked at things in a completely different perspective than I did at the start. The game makes you feel like a genius. Maybe not a genius in real life, but a genius in your Witness life.I still have a lot to go before I solve everything the Witness has to offer, and to be honest I probably never will, but I've never had a game that respected it's players ability to discover and learn as much as this game. The Witness is in a class of its own.10/10"
,Not Recommended,210970,21309653,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FiretrUCK!,This game can't be completed if you have hearing issues / color blindness. To my knowledge that is not really been talked about at all and there is no warning prior to purchasing.Now I'm out money and literally have to resort to looking up puzzles that I just physically can't complete. What a sham.
76561198178058305,Not Recommended,210970,28832378,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wah,"Oh boy, here we go...The Witness is probably the hardest letdown for me this year.  I wanted to like it so badly and there's stuff here to enjoy, but in the two hours I spent with it, I enjoyed the first 30 minutes, and flailed around helplessly for the rest of the time.  It starts out with clever 2d-maze puzzles that slowly wean you into learning the rules of each puzzle without explicitly telling you the rules.  You learn what certain symbols on each puzzle mean through trial and error, but the trial and error is guided so that you aren't simply thrown into something that you have no idea what to do with.That is, until the opening segment ends.In the first few puzzles you come across, you are intentionally given a puzzle that you aren't equipped to solve, and this is for a good reason.  You learn to walk away from stuff you don't know and come back when you've learned more.  Along the path, you learn those new rules and then return to solve the once unfamiliar puzzle and you feel accomplished.However, after that puzzle the game stops being a linear path and becomes more about exploring to find the puzzles in a free and open world, and using visual clues in the environment to solve them.  And here is where the game's most brilliant aspect becomes it biggest failure.  When you come to a puzzle that you can't solve, you have two different choices: you can look around in the enviroment for clues, or walk away.  However, the environmental clues are not always apparent: they can be inconsistent, overly subtle, and they even intentionally mislead you on occasion.  In the first half-hour of the game, I solved about 30-40 puzzles.  In the subsequent 90 minutes, I solved FOUR.  And two of them were completely by accident.The problem I have with The Witness is that walking away is a legitimate thing that you are supposed to do.  But you are never told WHEN this is the thing to do and, as a result, you may end up walking away from a puzzle you were well equipped to do, or you might spend an hour on a puzzle you didn't have all of the information for.  The Witness is so damn inconsistent.  Sometimes the answer to the puzzles is in the environment, sometimes all the info is on the 2d puzzle itself, and sometimes the info on the puzzle is incorrect and you are supposed to use visual clues.  It is a constant cycle of ""Am I just not getting it, or have I not been taught this pattern yet"", and that is the LAST thing a player should be feeling in a game about puzzles.The true pleasure of puzzle-solving is the moment when the pieces finally fit together in your head and you think ""Aha!  I've finally got it!""  When you aren't given all the pieces to solve the puzzle, however, then you feel decieved or led on because you couldn't have known any better.  The Witness thrives on this feeling, and I could never tell whether I was missing information, or just not smart enough to do it right.  NO puzzle game should not make you feel that way, and because of that, I can't recommend The Witness."
,Not Recommended,210970,20841562,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,"Pete, King of the Detectives","Seven and a half years after the release of indie darling Braid, Jonathon Blow is back for revenge with another puzzler: The Witness! This newest game is in many ways quite similar to Braid: the puzzles themselves are (for the most part) very well thought-out, the visuals are interesting, and the rest of the game is a complete mess. Braid was a much shorter experience, though, and a lot of the really stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥didn't show up until after you beat the game and received access to Blow's attempt at a plot (really just an infodump). The Witness, being much much longer, gives the player plenty of time to think about what went wrong during the making of this game.The majority of the game's puzzles revolve around the use of various symbols that each denote specific rules that must be kept in mind when solving the puzzle in question. Black and white dots must be separated, tetris blocks must be drawn into the grid, and colored balls must be grouped into pairs. I wouldn't really call any of these spoilers, as the way the game introduces these symbols makes it fairly obvious what their specific rules are. As the game progresses, these symbols are combined and used in increasingly more complex ways, and I would say that this is the one part where The Witness isn't a complete failure. The way that the difficulty progresses feels very natural, and I never found myself stuck on any one puzzle for a very long time. It is when the game deviates from these mechanics that things go downhill.Several areas of the game choose to completely forgo these symbol-based puzzles, with often tedious results. The environment-based puzzles are never difficult: Blow obviously realized that during the development of the game, so the way that these puzzle mechanics evolve just makes them more annoying to solve. For example, one area's gimmick is that you have to listen to bird calls and map out puzzle solutions based on high, medium, and low notes. As you progress through the area, the bird calls begin to get interrupted by other noises, such as wolf howls and jackhammers. Instead of making the puzzles more difficult to solve by increasing their complexity, The Witness chooses in these cases to just make it take longer for the player to get the information they need. Again, these environmental puzzles become extremely tedious: you already know what you have to do, but some silly gimmick has been added that means the puzzle takes five times as long to solve as it should.The game's final area has its own share of problems, which I'll put in spoiler tags.It seems as though our pal Jonathon ran out of ideas for the last hour or two of the game, because most of the puzzles you encounter are extremely simple, with stupid one-off gimmicks that, like the environmental puzzles, add zero real difficulty. Some of the puzzles are at weird angles, some are overlayed with a checkerboard pattern, and some spin around in circles. Considering how long this game has been in development for, I can't believe that these puzzles were kept around.Another problem lies with the way that the puzzles are integrated into the game's world. Most of the game involves solving a series of puzzles, each on its own separate panel, which then unlocks a door to the next series of puzzles. Granted, these are very good puzzles, but it rarely feels like I even need to be on an island at all. In only a few instances do these puzzles have any impact on the world other than activating machinery: in the treetops area, for example, the puzzle panels that you solve slowly form bridges that you use to cross from tree to tree. A few puzzles can be solved in more than one way, and depending on how you solve them, the direction of the bridge changes. As it stands, though, there exists very little relation between the game's puzzles and the game's world.The final major problem, I would say, is the issue of player motivation. The only draw here is the puzzles; if you do not love solving puzzles (in fact, a specific type of puzzle), there is zero reason to buy this game. There is no plot, no lore, nothing exists to motivate those who maybe aren't so keen on the puzzles but want to learn more about this strange island that they're on. In fact, Blow decides to further exacerbate things by dropping audio logs all over the place. No, these aren't recordings made by the people on the island who all apparently turned into statues: they're quotes from famous scientists, artists, and thinkers of the world, telling you about how amazing the world is and how powerful we all are! What's worse, there exists a hidden theater where, by inputting the correct puzzle solution, you can watch unrelated video clips that I guess were meant to ""blow your mind"". Of the three that I found, there's a clip of James Burke talking about how science is the greatest thing ever, one of Richard Feynman talking about the hierarchy of the universe and why he studied physics, and the ending of Tarkovsky's Nostalghia taken out of context. Really, all of these clips and quotes and whatever other♥♥♥♥♥♥was thrown into the game seem to have no purpose for being there. Blow just wanted to sound smart by having a clip in his game where an astronaut talks about how cool space is.I went into this game deliberately avoiding any information I might find (hopefully I don't ruin the magic for anyone reading this♥♥♥♥♥♥. I knew that there were two possibilities: either there was a really interesting backstory, or there wasn't. Not knowing which of these was true meant that, at least for most of the game, there still existed within me a small glimmer of hope that The Witness would end up as something more than a collection of interesting puzzles (not counting the environmental puzzles, ♥♥♥♥ that). It was only during the game's ending, whenyou fly around the island, disembodied voices say a few unrelated words, and then the game closes itselfthat I realized that I had been duped. Since I enjoyed the puzzle aspect of the game, it didn't hit me as hard as I would assume that it would hit someone expecting more, but it was still a pretty big disappointment. The Witness just doesn't seem to understand what it wants to be. If you took away the entire island setting and turned The Witness into a traditional puzzle game with a level select system (a la SpaceChem, Mario's Picross, World of Goo, etc), you would certainly lose very little. Sure, I enjoyed exploring the island, but it never felt like a necessary part of the game to me.So, while The Witness is interesting purely as a collection of puzzles, it makes very little effort to justify the existence of its island setting. Outdated concepts such as ""plot"" and ""lore"" are superseded by audio logs talking about how cool our planet is. While 50-60% of the puzzles are very well-designed, the rest involve gimmicks that only serve to bore any competent player. Despite the game's flaws, I did enjoy it. However, I would only recommend it to those interested in solving a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of puzzles.Taster's score: C-<!> PUZZLE FIENDS ONLY <!>"
,Recommended,210970,20789889,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Don Carmolo,"I highly reccomend this game so far, but it's not for everyone. This is a game about discovering how things work by paying attention to detail and forcing yourself to let go of preconceptions.Like in real life, here things don't always are as simple as they seem.If you like solving puzzles for the sake of it. This game is for you.Up to the point I am at, there's no ""story"" to the game that I know of, but the game does have a message. Which you can guess from several audio logs you can find around the island and also there's a ""hidden"" room in the island that adds to the message.There's little to no reward other than having the satisfaction of solving a problem each time you solve a puzzle. If you're the kind of person who needs a story to feel personally invested in a game, or need eye candy to keep the interest this game probably is not for you. This, I think, helps construct the message I think the game is trying to convey."
76561198001653524,Not Recommended,210970,20859141,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Bad Bromance,"Not worth the $45.I very much enjoyed the puzzles and the way you had to work to discover their mechanics, and the world is very nice to look at and and explore at first, but by the time I reached the endgame and had discovered just about all there is to be found I was left feeling dissapointed that I spent so much money on what felt like it should be a typical $15 indie title. I was shocked to hear that this game took 7 years to make, because it feels so empty outside of the puzzles.The game sells itself as hiding a deep and profound story, the hidden mystery of the island that waits to be discovered, but the truth is that there is nothing substantial behind the pretty visuals. When I first explored I was fascinated by the strange people turned statues and eager to explore what had happened to this strange island and why I was brought here. What little answers there are,that the island is just an inception-style constructed dream that you have entered for an unexplained purpose,are unsatisfying and completely disconnected from the world you explore and any clues you can find, only becoming apparent in the hidden ending.You can pick up audio logs throughout the world, but they also explain nothing. The quotes about religion, science, and discovering the truth of the world feel utterly unrelated to the actual game content, other than that you are discovering ""the truth"" about how to solve puzzles. Their only purpose as far as I can tell is to make the game seem artificially deep and profound. The secret hidden audiologs also contribute little to the absent plot,they are only scenes of the voice over people debating which quotes to put into the dream.The store page description is a complete lie.""You wake up, alone, on a strange island full of puzzles that will challenge and surprise you.You don't remember who you are, and you don't remember how you got here, but there's one thing you can do: explore the island in hope of discovering clues, regaining your memory, and somehow finding your way home.""Reading this after completing the game I'm shocked. Memories? Clues? Who I am and why am I here? The game does not even attempt to explore any of this.Other than the core puzzles of the game that open doors or lead you to the main ending and the challenge area, the puzzles feel compeltely pointless. There are extra puzzles off the main path that seem to do nothing when they are completed. At first I thought I was discovering some secret that required investigation, but in the end it turns out they do absolutely nothing. The environmental puzzles, an interesting surprirse when first discovered, also seem to do nothing, and don't provide any further insight into the non-existant story.If you really like puzzles and don't want anything more than that, you will probably enjoy that aspect of the game. but I would recommend waiting for a drop in price before spending so much money on this game."
,Recommended,210970,20805303,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Heroman,"After seeing only negative reviews on the front page for this game, I felt I needed to chime in.This is a thinking man's game.  If you cannot appreciate meticulous detail, subtle hints, painstakingly hidden environmental details, or are not inclined to perfectionism, this game is not for you.  Many reviews I've read apparently have a hatred for puzzles, which is 95% of what this game is about.  If you are easily frustrated and despise the idea of learning interesting new mechanics, well, why did you think paying $40 for this game was a good idea?If you require instant gratification, this isn't the best use of your time and money.However, if you're like me, and have a deep appreciation for brain-benders and don't mind being stumped on a dozen different puzzles at once, you need to get this game.  There is a perplexing draw to the whole experience - the promise of an overarching puzzle within a puzzle within all of the other puzzles you're solving.  It's not just about navigating several hundred mazes.  It's about what you learn, what you feel, how you think, and the way you process the sights and sounds of this precisely engineered world.  There are times where you will break the fourth wall for yourself and think, ""How did they program that?"" yet remain in awe of the task you've just completed.That's really what I appreciate about this game.  I haven't felt this satisfied with a gaming experience since the original Dark Souls.  I'm reminded heavily of that game's brutal difficulty when going into it as a brand new experience.  This game draws multiple parallels despite being a wholly different genre.  In Dark Souls, after defeating a notoriously difficult boss after numerous attempts, the feeling of victory is nearly unrivaled - that is, until you play The Witness, and solve a series of puzzles over the course of an hour that leave you feeling like a genius.  It will require plenty of intuiting, and the occasional figurative slamming of your head against a wall, but nothing in this game requires brute force.  It is all learned, it all builds upon itself, and it all, majestically, simply, cohesively... works.Some of the later puzzles will really test your ability to navigate intimidating labyrinths as you plot every scrupulous step.  I was stubborn in my tackling of such puzzles, as I never wrote anything down or made diagrams until much later.  Side note, I would recommend writing things down and making some diagrams.  Maybe take a picture of your screen.  Or don't, like me!It doesn't hurt that I'm playing on a 55"" 4K TV with a 980 Ti.  The attention to detail, regardless of the painterly overtones, is not lost on me.  While plain from a distance, up close is where the magic truly shines.  The color grading and art direction going from different zones of the island are incredible, evoking a totally different feel within seconds of traversal.  Were I not to enjoy the puzzles, this game would still be a joy of a sight to behold.This game is this generation's Myst, no doubt about it.  Playing this felt like I was touring Jonathan Blow's synapses, and getting a glimpse at how beautiful the human mind can be.  Without flattering the developer too much, I think of this game as a genuine gift to gamers worldwide, and its fastidious creation over the last 7 years or so is without a doubt a labor of love.So, I have a lot of high praise for this game, but it's not quite perfect.  If I were to complain about anything, it would be the lack of exposition, and the really-quite-terrible audio logs: Strewn and hidden about the world are different tiny recorders you can activate, and each one is narrated by a person reading a quote by someone who sounds really full of themselves, and loves hearing themselves speak about things that sound smart but are in fact common knowledge.  There are quotes from religious authors, astronauts, Albert Einstein... and they're all grating, and frankly, weird.  After I time I stopped activating the logs because they were intrusive and annoying to my experience.  I actually hate this aspect of this game, but thankfully it's optional.  I didn't find my first one until about an hour or two in, so it was a cool surprise, which rapidly devolved once I realized how utterly lame they were.  I'm sure they thought this was a good idea, but in practice, I thought it was pretty awful.There hasn't been a single puzzle I haven't enjoyed solving (except for the really easy ones which are not challenging).  I don't think you can ask much more of a game that entirely revolves around such, but the developers really did go above and beyond, and made the otherwise mundane into a masterpiece.  Bravo.9.5/10"
76561197971119363,Recommended,210970,29428152,Posted: 22 January,all,Daki,"This is maybe the best game ever made. Its non-verbal communication of rules is perfect. Never does this game require you to guess what the designer was thinking. It always gives you the tools needed, and all the puzzles are fair. That said it is still challenging. The final challenge in particular is a brilliant test of your fluency of the rules you have learned from exploring the island. This game is long, deep, and extremely rewarding. The world is beautiful, the mechanics are fun, and the final hours of the game are astounding. It is the most flawless game I have ever played, and also the most engaging and fun. It has been a year since I played it, and now every other game I play feels amateurish. This is a true masterpiece, perhaps the pinnacle of human accomplishment in game design. I only wish I could forget it so that I could play it again without knowing its rules and secrets and then again experience the wonder and joy that no other game can match."
,Recommended,210970,29509857,Posted: 26 January,all,Fuzzball,"As you explore this game, you gradually come to realise that every single pixel you see has been placed with utmost care and precision. No wonder this came took so long to make.This is a game aboutunderstanding puzzles, not just solving them. It’s also got some very nicely voice-acted quotations about philosophy, spirituality and science.I can tell there’s something very special here, even at a stage where it feels like I’ve barely, BARELY scratched the surface."
,Recommended,210970,33720083,Posted: 22 July,all,Greg the Mad,"The most beautiful and intriguing game you'll probably ever play, just don't finish it.When you finish the last puzzle the camera flys over the island and you can watch how all puzzles you've solved reset. I joke not, even the ♥♥♥♥ing control settings get resetted."
,Recommended,210970,21355258,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lobster Lad,"9/10Incredible graphics, design, puzzles, and complexity. The farther in you get, the more intriguing the game becomes. Very subtle clues and hints make the game frustrating at some points, but incredibly rewarding at others. A title that will define the puzzle exploration genre for years to come."
,Recommended,210970,26116669,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,War Radish,"The Witness is a beutiful looking game with a unique mechanic that teaches you as you go along, but without using words at all.  It's like a cross between Harpo Marx and a cryptic crossword, but with shapes and colours instead of letters!It seems, initially, like a small island, but there are many, many more layers than are first apparent.  It's a pretty big game and will take dozens of hours (at least) to get the full experience.The puzzels have been very cleavery designed and (eventually) seem to keep you right at the limit of your intellect.  Depending on how your brain is wired, you might sail through some things than others find difficult and get stuck for a while on things that other people find easy.  Chances are though that you will, usually, find the last few puzzles of each section a head-scratcher, at least for a while.Personally, I find the spatial (pattern, colour, position) challenges easy, but the logical (chess-type) ones more difficult.  The unlocks in the Ewok-style section were a particular nightmare for me and I confess I cheated a couple of times by looking up solutions on-line when it all became too much.  For some of the others, I persevered but only got the solution by sheer fluke!  That may sound as though it's a frustrating and unrewarding game, but that's not so.  Sometimes those ""WTF, how did that work"" solutins are a major revelation and you suddenly see how to move on to a new large section of the game.  When those great ""Ah-ha!"" moments come though, it's really satisfying and you feel wonderful.Overall, a firm recommendation from me.  Stick with it, even through the tough times, or just wander away to another part of the island and try something different and new: or you may find that what you just learned will help you unlock another puzzle that seemed impossibe before.8/10 for me.  Would have been highter, but the game sometimes made me feel so cross and stupid that I switched the PC off!  Get it though, especially if on sale."
,Recommended,210970,32358666,Posted: 11 June,all,Cmdo.Delta,"Amazingly surprised by the game so far.The graphics are absolutely beautiful. I like them so much. Having such a relaxing time walking around and enjoying the stunning landscape!I'm also stunned by the quality of the sounds... It's very rare that I pay attention that much to the little noises happening around while walking.. depending on what kind of matter I'm walking, my footsteps sound very different... but those little sounds are amazingly close to reality... they help very much with immersion... makes the game really satisfying to play... Probably the best sounds I ever heard in a game!Puzzles start from very easy and gradually become harder and harder. Sometime, you'll just want to give up on a puzzle, roam around and solve some others and come back later (in case solving other puzzles could inspire you to find the solution)...Only downside: There are so much things to discover that I'm just afraid to forget something. Would have been nice to have a map where things we discover are reported automaticaly. Unfortunately, you'll have to do it on a paper (or with screenshots) by yourself. And the best advice is to play the whole game in a short time.. if you start to play, stop for a few months and come back, you'll have to discover everything again. And I'm not very far in the game but I bet some stuff we discover around could help with other stuff somewhere else. So it's important to have everything fresh and ready in your mind in order to be efficient.Overall, a must play for any fan of puzzle games.. you'll have a very relaxing time in a very amazing environnement. Sit, relax and just enjoy the landscape as you break througth the secrets of this small and mysterious island. :)"
,Not Recommended,210970,20945717,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Vertx,"I cannot recommend this game. I want to. I really wanted to like it overall.But no.Nothing happens. There is no reward but puzzles; and when the puzzles are over there is nothing.The world is amazingly detailed, it's perfected, it's layout is fantastic. The puzzles are good for the most part. But they lack grounding, their context is flimsy and unsatisfactory. There is no plot. Scattered disappointing meaning in vague texts (audio and visual.)I can scarcely believe myself that nothing happens. But it's true. You beat the game, barely anything happens. You beat the hidden challenge, absolutely nothing happens. You beat the entire game and collect everything and nothing happens. If the is the message I don't want to be a part of it, but if you find a game where nothing happens and where the narrative point might be just that... then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,210970,28157209,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,g0dHims3Lf,"The Witness is a masterpiece, but this fact is not apparent when you first begin to play the game. It takes time (and a certain conceptual leap) to realize the true depth of the game. You can't see this in the screen shots or the trailer. The negative reviews for this game are rife with users who posted their review within a short time of beginning the game and have not ""gotten there"" yet.. many likely quit before they ever did.The game also has a couple of ""image problems"" that prevent would be players from appreciating it's potential.It's most clearly visible play element is a series of line based puzzles that look like complicated versions of an average maze game. These puzzles are not the whole game. In fact, I would go so far as to say they are more of a form of misdirection to prevent you from realizing what is really going on in the game for a time while eventually steering you toward the first realization. Don't judge the game only by these puzzles, really.The game is very spoiler sensitive, so you get lots of vague reviews like mine that tell you it's amazing but don't tell you exactly why because that would ruin it for you. This is also why the screenshot and trailer don't better show the depth of the game as it would spoil things. On that note, I strongly suggest you not look at any guides or online discussion of this game before or while playing it.I expect this game would have been far more popular if it didn't have these the aforementioned image problems.. but they are issues inherent in the design and not something they could have fixed. The game is all about conceptual leaps. To solve the line puzzles you need discover the rules based on previous puzzles and experimentation. To find everything you must look closely and notice similarities and details. This applies to more than just the one ""certain conceptual leap"" I mentioned earlier. There's more than just that. The game is just a series of surprising realizations.And that ends another vague review. Note, if you can 100% the game (Your save game will read ""523, +135, +6"") with no online help you should be thoroughly impressed with yourself. If you still have a negative opinion of this game at that point, you may have some psychological defect that requires medication and should seek help.P.S. My play time is short because I played the game off-steam but purchased it a moment ago, mostly to post this review."
,Not Recommended,210970,20945081,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,TheOnlyJonto,"This game is utterly beautiful. It's simplicity and freedom are what hooked me immediately and the constant hints at some big reveal at the end are what kept me playing. The island is riddled with statues, recordings, and items left behind like something happened here and you want to find out what.While some of the puzzles can be irritating, for the most part they are incredibly well designed. There were puzzles used in this game like I've never seen before. It constantly blew my mind... until the end.This game has, hands down, the most dissapointing ending I have ever experienced. I'd love to spoil the end just to keep you from playing, but I won't just in case you want to simply experience the expertly designed puzzles in this game, but don't expect anything more from it. However if you're looking for an interesting story from this thing, you're going to be dissapointed, dearly. All there is for you here is a bunch of existential crap mostly from late 20th century philosphers (at least that's what it seemed like to me).Thekla built a beatiful, geniusly designed game here, but they failed to back it up with any ounce of story especially when it leads you to believe there will be something for you at the end when there truly is nothing.I do not recommend this game."
76561198279482801,Recommended,210970,22886636,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,spreitzer.gary,"I truly enjoyed playing The Witness.  There were a number of puzzles that made me laugh at myself for not seeing the forest for the trees or vice versa.  There were also hard won victories over puzzles that seemed impossible at first, but just took a better understanding of the rules.  I also quite enjoyed several accidental discoveries of easter eggs or of different types of puzzles on the island.  One's perspective became so very important.  It was a wonder to see how many types of puzzles could be constucted from a simple grid and how the types could be combined.  And all this without a manual.  I must admit I had to brute-force my way through some puzzles and relearn what it means to be patient.I had been anticipating the release of this game for some time, but understand how complex it must have been to get the puzzles just right and provide enough clues for players to figure things out on their own."
,Recommended,210970,33136777,Posted: 2 July,all,FortAngel,"Certainly not everyone's cup of tea but I enjoyed it. Beautiful and relaxing scenery is contrasted with a smorgasbord of hair-tearingly difficult puzzles, all of which are variations on the same theme. I especially like the puzzles that require observing or interacting with the environment to solve."
,Recommended,210970,28556827,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,WhiteLion,"Pros :+Great unique artstyle that is easy to look at and enjoyable+Something to do everywhere you go (no downtime between puzzles)+Simple mechanics+Unique concept of Environmental Puzzles+A great amount of contents to explore+Easy to lose yourself in the realxing mysterious environment of the game+Rich story (that you should discover and tell for yourself)Cons:-Lack of a good theme music at some points-If it's not for you, it's not for youFinal Verdict 9/10The Witness is a great game realy great game, I will not go into detail of how the puzzles work or are and leave the discovery to you, but if you like to find puzzles, learn them, solve them and then find more with different variation of the same simple mechanics while wondering around enjoying the beautiful eay-catching scenery. Don't hesitate, this game is for you.The game doesn't force itself on you you can rush and finish it in about 3 hours but don't get fooled, every step you take, every location you can go has a mystery and/or puzzle within. I'm 30 hours into the game and I still find things within this game that blows my mind (and they are not neccessirily puzzles sometimes just a scene) and make me just stare at them for couple of min.Full Price was a bit high for me, I got it 50% off and I'm happy with my desicion. It's worth for what I paid.A unique must have game."
,Recommended,210970,22620399,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,AlphaAxle,"Don't let this positive review confuse you: this game might not be for you.This game is brilliant, but to some might appear too ""artsy fartsy"" and pretentious. Yes, this game is 20+ hours of line puzzles, but this base mechanic is so well thought out I personally never got tired of it.What makes Jonathan Blow's sophomore attempt so great is the genius design of the world. I won't spoil one key mechanic, but when the player discovers it, they'll think: ""How did I miss it?"". The island's design also promotes walking away from a puzzle when confused- which will happen a lot. If this sounds tedious to you, you might not enjoy playing this game.My only real complaint with this game is the playtime. Johnathan Blow and reviewers claimed ""80-100+ hours"". But for me it only took 25 hours to fully explore the island, including beating the challenge all without any guides."
76561198073393602,Recommended,210970,31808780,Posted: 17 May,all,dancingburrito,"The Witness is the ultimate puzzle game. It's a masterpiece. And it is a masterpiece because it combines the incredible talent and hard work, and the love that Jonathan Blow and his team put in it for 7 years. These are some of the things that made me love this game:- The amount of thinking that was thrown into this game is just insane. It's the perfect example of a genius idea (or rather a bunch of thereof) executed brilliantly.- It's polished beyond belief, with a nice learning curve.- The semi-open world design is layed out as a net with different and shared mechanics in each area, which allows for different progression paths, making the experience more personal and without never leaving the player completely helpless:Got stuck? -> go to different area -> solve new puzzles -> learn new mechanics -> go back to previous area -> apply new knowledge -> solve new puzzles -> learn new mechanics -> and so on.- The symbolism is original and bold.- The game spins around the idea of mindfulness. Once I understood this, most of it started to make sense. I could go on for hours about it, but I want to keep this short. As with Braid, this game has produced a great number of theories and discussions on the internet, go read them.- The Witness is an attempt to open a dialogue about reconciliating spiritualism with scientific thinking. It doesn't do it by shoving facts or vague assumptions down your throat. It presents you the full spectrum of human experience and lets you question your worldview privately. Regardless of its results, the fact that this was done in a videogame deserves a great deal of respect.- This game is so meta I can't even.- It made me feel way smarter than I am, so thanks for that.- It's got Richard Feynman in it!"
,Not Recommended,210970,24812971,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,j4,"I appreciate The Witness for its great style and elegant design, but cannot recommend it as a whole.The puzzle aspect is well-designed, but not really clever. It simply doesn't bend the mind and bring the same levels of satisfaction like truly great puzzle games do, such as Blow's earlier Braid. There isn't enough substance behind the mechanics to keep things interesting. Latter half feels more tedious than anything, endgame puzzles introducing artificial difficulty with flashing or moving images are straight-up annoying and insulting, and the atmosphere of the island is as cryptic as it is pretentious - I say atmosphere, because there isn't much of a real story.Definitely not a complete faliure, I don't regret experiencing it, but ultimately it's pretty underwhelming."
,Recommended,210970,29278765,Posted: 15 January,all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"The Witness is a puzzle adventure game set in an open-world and built around solving grid-based puzzles that are spread around the landscape.The puzzles require you to draw a line from a starting point to an end point. As you explore the island you will be introduced to new symbols that place requirements on how the line must be drawn. You will need to explore the island to find areas that ease you in to the new mechanics and symbols. There is no item collection or inventory, so progress is gated only by your knowledge of these mechanics.Paying close attention to details in the environment is critical to progressing through the game. Most of the game is hidden in plain sight and you just need to look at things from another point of view. Highlights vs shadow, positive space vs negative space, foreground vs background, color, reflection, even sound, you will eventually change the way you look at each scene because the game makes use of it all. There are over a hundred puzzles that are hidden in the world that you will walk past dozens of times before you look at them in the right frame of mind. The observation-based puzzles are absolutely masterful and by far the best part of the game.Another chunk of the puzzles are purely based on learning the logic of the different board symbols and mastering them. This was the part of the game that I disliked the most. I found a few of the mechanics very frustrating to work with which made progress through certain areas slow. What made things worse in comparison was that many of these sections were there only for the puzzle boards and they lacked the same relationship with the environment that most of the other puzzles had. The environment didn't play into the puzzle board, and the puzzles didn't change the environment short of enabling the next puzzle.Thankfully when all was said and done the excellent observation-based puzzles far outweighed the puzzles that I hated. After spending hours scouring The Witness for the last of the puzzles, I've found myself doing double-takes at familiar shapes both in other games and in reality. It was worth it."
,Recommended,210970,21000058,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewThe Witness is an interesting game. I never played Braid, nor do I know much about it, so I came to this without zero knowledge of Jonathan Blow’s previous work. Whether that works for or against someone, I don’t know, but what I’ll say is The Witness is definitely an adventure.To start, I suck at puzzles. I played Sigils of Elohim, had my fiancé help with me most of them. My brain just doesn’t work like that. But from reading all the info on The Witness, I had to try it, so I bought it at launch. My first thought was, this is an indie game? At $43.99 (CAD), it’s definitely not priced like an indie game. I was a little hesitant, but my willpower lost and I bought it, and it has not been a bad purchase in the least.In the roughly five hours I’ve played, I’ve gone through several areas; symmetry island, orange forest, the hedge mazes, tree monastery, marsh, desert, quarry, and I’m now heading off to whatever location is next. I’m enjoying what very little information is given in the audio logs you find, but I’ve only found three so far, so there’s definitely a lot more to go. I’m refusing to use a guide and so far have been able to get by without.ProsPuzzles all follow the same basic idea (line puzzles), but the variety is excellent and the sheer amount of them will keep you playingFiguring out how puzzles work (using light that casts a shade on the correct path, or aligning your view to a distant object) is the best part, in my opinionBits of story you get from the various audio tapes is interestingThe world is beautiful in its simplicity, and is a joy to exploreSound effects do a great job of immersing you, even ones that aren’t part of the puzzlesThe lack of music works quite well in the game’s favorConsI’d have liked at least a little bit of info or backstory on why we are here and what we’re doingYou can’t jump, not even slightly, and there are invisible barriers everywhere, meaning you have to walk along the path, and if you need to go down or up, you need to keep going instead of slightly adjusting your locationI’ve yet to get to the end, but with two achievements and being single player, it doesn’t seem like there’s a lot of replayability once everything is solvedSummaryThe Witness is an excellent game. It’s an excellent experiment, as well. The puzzles are one part of the game, and in order to solve them, you need to figure out how they work, and that’s the real fun. Does this particular tree with its leaning branch indicate a path I should take? Or is this particular tree a red herring, designed to screw with me and further complicate the puzzle?Jonathan Blow has crafted an excellent world, one I can’t wait to finish exploring. If you’re a fan of puzzles, you’ll enjoy it too. Try not to use a guide unless absolutely necessary, as that will detract from the very point of the game."
,Not Recommended,210970,21029667,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Fenrakk101,"Overall, I enjoyed The Witness; though many people have complained about the puzzles for various reasons, I think they are all brilliantly designed. The most impressive thing about the game to me is how well the game is able to stick to its core mechanic; the game never lets you, say, go back over an existing line you've drawn. The Witness has one base mechanic, and commits to it, and still manages to make deep and complex puzzles out of it, and that will not cease to impress me.The problem with The Witness isn't its puzzles, but the game that contextualizes them. The issue is as follows: Almost all of the puzzles in the game effectively haveonesolution. Maybe you can have a line in a slightly different place, if it's a symmetric board you can obviously mirror your solution, but in a practical sense, there is only one way to solve most of the boards in the game. Yet, to complete the game, you have to complete sequences of these puzzles, one after another; you cannot skip any, nor can you complete them out of order, and often, failing a puzzle will force you to re-solve the last one.In a game like Portal, you have to complete every puzzle, but each puzzle has multiple solutions: it's much fairer to require the player to solve each puzzle if it's more likely that they'll find a way to get through it, even if it's sub-optimal. In a game like TIS-100 (I'll try to think of a better example I promise), each puzzle is incredibly difficult, but you can skip a few here and there: the game acknowledges that there might be a puzzle you get stuck on for no good reason, and allows you to try your hand at a different puzzle instead. The Witness is the worst of both worlds: the puzzles that will confuse you, with the frustration of being stuck on it so having to stare at it for way too long.Note: You *can* leave and go to puzzles in a different area, the main issue is that getting around the island takes way too long; the game has a fast travel system that's slower than just running everywhere. Even if you do leave, you'll still need to solve the puzzle that stumped you eventually.It took me a little over 10 hours to ""finish"" the game (the rest of my playtime is on a challenge area; more on that below), and I consider myself to be pretty good at puzzle games. I said I enjoyed my time with The Witness, but I'm someone who is desperate for puzzle games that present me with an actual challenge, and The Witness sated that desire. If you share that sentiment, you probably already own the game, or know that you want to; for everyone else, I would certainly recommend many other puzzle games before this one.I said I would discuss the challenge area, but I lied; I really want to tell you about the ending. Not spoiling it, but I will tell you that completing the game resets everything. It's like starting all over again; the game even goes as far as to reset your settings to the default. For a game with a huge amount of hidden secrets and puzzles to explore, this seems absolutely insane; I had left a dozen or so things half-finished when I went to the end, assuming I could just return to them later, and then I was plopped back at the beginning. Not only did this completely kill my interest in exploring the mysteries of The Witness, it solidified my view of The Witness being nothing more than good puzzles in a bad puzzle game. The only reason I played more was to solve the challenge area, which is probably my favorite part of the game; a series of randomly-generated puzzles you solve in a time limit. It's right before the end of the game, so I needed to replay several hours of content to get back there."
,Recommended,210970,30966547,Posted: 5 April,all,Canman,"This is a tough one. I personally had a great time for 95% of this game - many of the puzzles are extremely clever and the island is just so beautifully crafted and rendered. Other reviews are wrong on one point - the puzzles are consistent to their rule set; I completed the game without looking up any solutions and never had an issue figuring out any of the ""tricks"" after putting some effort in. I agree with everyone who has lauded the game's ability to teach and combine concepts by only showing and never telling.However, would I *recommend* it? If you're a fan of puzzle games like me, then yes, I think you'll have a good time. But the pleasure of this game doesn't really go beyond the pat on the back you can give yourself for solving some tough logic puzzles. While the environment does play an ingenious role in many puzzles, I can't help but feel it missed some opportunities. The coolest part of the game (no spoilers) is relegated to a tedious game of ""I Spy"" that has no real reward or consequence.My criticism here is the same as with Braid - though doubly so this time. The slight nods to some kind of underlying story or profundity come off as disconnected pretentiousness. Come for the puzzles, stay for the puzzles - there's no story here outside of the developer felating himself like a freshman in philosophy 101.And the puzzles were fun. It was genuinely thrilling to unlock the next door or find a new area of the island. But behind those gates were always just more line puzzles.For me, the game only barely outstayed its welcome. By the final area, I had had enough of The Witness's line puzzles for one lifetime. But the time I did spend, I personally enjoyed very much."
,Not Recommended,210970,20802457,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,dudebfg,"Huge fan of Braid and been following this game for a long time. Can't recommend:-Draw a line through your numpad (start at bottom left of one and end at top right of 9) where multiples of 4 are grouped together, 2 multiples of 2 are grouped, the number of turns you make must equal at least two other numbers in a section added together, and all the numbers in a particular section must be a prime number when added up. Sound fun? Not for me, and that's what some of the puzzles in The Witness are like. To be fair, some puzzles are really interesting and utilize the environment in cool ways. No problem with these. Others are like that example, just too logical for my tastes. I found myself knowing what the rules to a particular puzzle was, but having trouble figuring out the exact pattern it wants me to have. It's a bunch of trial and error until you get a line that works with the conditions you already know about. Like an overly complicated Sudoku. It might be hard and challenging, but not interesting to me at all.-The design goal was to capture the ""ah ha!"" moment, but the annoying part is that it forces you to have these. Meaning, there's no grey area. You either know it or you don't. In a game like Portal, you can clearly see if your idea will work or not, just by looking at it. You can get halfway through an idea, see it wont work, and go from there. There's a system in place that you slowly begin to understand. In The Witness, there is no system in place, you will either know exactly what to do or are completely lost.-Returning to the game (or a puzzle) later will completely suck because you'll forget the specific rules to certain puzzles. Later puzzles require you to know the rules to previous puzzles, so your only option (if you happen to forget) would be to resolve the earlier puzzles. I'm not interested in backtracking through puzzle ideas.-There's no way to tell if you don't know what to do. You might just not have all the info you need. There might be a puzzle on the ohter side of the map that tells you how to solve this one. There might not. No way to differentiate the two.-Traversing the overworld is a pain. There's no reason to have a run button, why not just always be running? You can't fall off of heights and everything is on predetermined pathways. Meaning you have to zigzag through a pattern of rocks on a hill instead of simply going up/down hill. There's no accessible minimap, so if you want to go back to a puzzle, you need to remember where it was or just run around until you find it.-You pretty need a pen/paper or some type of image program. There are puzzles that require you to flip images, rotate them, and so on, which can get kind of tedious (but is sometimes a little cool).-There is a ton of puzzle saturation. A lot of the ideas repeat themselves with minor variation, and in a game like this, it's more interesting to know what else is out there, not what's already been done."
76561198140299850,Not Recommended,210970,20954333,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,foofaraw,"(When/If this issue is resolved, I will consider changing this review. Thank you. Being TOLD when I can or cannot play a $40 game is a dealbreaker.)I wish I was playing “The Witness” at this moment. Very much. But I’m not, because I’m currently offline, and it won’t run. Just as reported previously. And the error message again reads, “no internet connection”.WARNING to anyone considering purchase. It may load offline. It may not. Most likely it will do some of each, as BOTH copies I purchased have done (or not done) to varying dergee when I attempted offline play.Because of my considerable interest in this game I succumbed to misinformation from DEVs and childish insults from the community to try it again after obtaining a refund on my original purchase; that it was guaranteed to run offline at the time of my second purchase (and if fact, as was my first copy. Clearly!) Little doubt that if I had little enough self-respect to follow this discussion after this post, I would be told, as I was told then, that I am wrong, and my claims make no sense, and even that I'm stupid. Even though I type this sentence while LOOKING at the “no internet connection” message on my other half of my screen, produced after clicking on the PLAY button for “The Witness.” Over and over and over, as also noted in my previous report.It may well be true that “The Witness” does not test for internet access. But it DOES test for Steam, and STEAM apparently sometimes tests for internet access. (Gee!) And if that check is performed, “The Witness” WILL NOT load. Of 800 games I own on Steam, no other offline-playable game has acted in this manner. How is that NOT the cause of the game, and thus the responsibility of the DEVs? (But there aren’t many of us left playing offline, so it’s really no big deal.)So next time one of you “braniacs” in the Steam community (including the DEV who offered zero support or consideration, and asked no questions) wants to tell someone how much you know…..…please remember, you don’t. Prove it instead by asking the right questions, rather than making assumptions based on ego. OK? Everyone will benefit in some way.(I just want anyone following after me to not be deceived or manipulated as I was. Buy if you wish, play if and when you can (as, at best, I may continue to do.) I made a mistake of misplaced trust, and I’m prepared to live with it. You others should at least have more information than I did, if not more choice. And please, always trust the evidence of your own eyes and experience.)You have my $40 and whatever bizarre personal satisfaction some of you may have derived from my gullibility. I consider this a permanent parting of the ways. Had I been treated more courteously or professionally by any party involved, this posting might very different. As well as any possible interest in any future projects.At least endeavor to learn something from this regrettable and avoidable experience."
,Recommended,210970,29955501,Posted: 15 February,all,Baznoc™,"This was a Very tough and beautiful game. I enjoyed it very much and suggest you buy it.10/ 10  for me. I Greatly enjoyed the whole game while I played it.I believe this is an acceptable a review.This a brief review as parties beyond,my control werent satisfied with the wording for my review, and I NEVER will and it was deleted, and this was put in its place.WOW! That has Never happened before.Im afraid this was a generic review.The Mods at Steam will sort it out. I cut and pasted everything and sent what discussion there was about the review.Thank You, Mods for The Witness, for a Wonderful game. I Totally enjoyed it!"
,Not Recommended,210970,20784583,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,cmme,"A game that looks pretty but is paced with some of the most counter productive puzzles I have ever 'witnessed'. This game will have you wandering then wondering some more as you are met with puzzles you thought you knew how to do but then are told otherwise as you hit dead end after dead end.It feels as if the designer is trying to beat the player, rather than give us a fun and challenging experiance and most fustratinly the puzzles are not fun nor are they statisfying to complete.The game tries to come across as organic so that you can learn the controls fluidily but instead its a mess leaving me confused to why i got a puzzle wrong and somtimes even worse I am confused of how I got a puzzle right. The pacing is no existant and the goal of the game is no where to be seen which sadly to me makes the game come across as pretentious due to my inferior mind not being able to understand the experiance I am suppose to be going through.The game aslo has the habit of badly paced puzzles aswell, by having the first easy (so you understand the mechanics) then the next will add in elements that your simply not prepared for.Who knows my IQ could simply be too low for this game or maybe my expectations were to high but overall I was very disappointed."
76561198118716335,Recommended,210970,34265557,Posted: 15 August,all,Monk,"Brilliant masterpiece.It's peculiar and not for everybody, but if you like puzzle games this will surely be an amazing journey, and maybe one of the best games you've played.It's hard and you'll definitely get stuck, but everything makes sense and is on point, and you end up figuring it out with joy, astonishment and a sense of perfection never before felt in any game. It highly achieves its goal of making you feel both a newborn scientific and religious wondering about your world all throughout the run, and the interesting philosophical quotes you'll find compiled are just the icing on the cake.Way better than Jonathan Blow's first game, Braid (which was already pretty good), mainly because The Witness focuses storylessly on the puzzles and delivers a beautiful network of original and never obvious puzzling and exploring zones. These blend perfectly with the environment, and uncountable times a sudden realization of a new perspective (a statue from another angle, a shadow with meaning, how a puzzle relates to its surroundings...) gave me the purest chills.With secrets and amazing depth, the most intriguing and heartwarmingly clever game I've played. A must-buy for any puzzle lover."
76561198168742594,Not Recommended,210970,21056979,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Thrillhouse,"A series of boring 2D puzzels with little to no rewards for solving them. The overworld was pretty to look at, but with no way of interacting with the environment it just came across as superficial. I could have gotten the same expirience by buying a book of mazes. However one of the worst aspects of this game is that it constantly throws pseudo-intellectual quotes about the nature of God and science at you, as if random, out of context Einstein quotes will somehow make it seem smarter than it really is."
76561198017903821,Recommended,210970,20931516,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ETQW4ever,"The Witness is phenomenal! It is probably the best puzzle game ever made - easily better than Portal and the likes! It also is wonderful for playing with a group of friends, your kids, your partner, whoever.You walk freely around an island and solve puzzles. The game is open world, so you can never be stuck - if you have a problem somewhere, just continue somewhere else. The island is probably the most precisely and skillfully crafted level in the history of video games - 8 years of development time and it shows. The puzzles and their places on the island are simply amazing. Whenever you start thinking you've got the hang of how things are working, the game will blow you away with a totally new and unexpected (and plain beautyful) insight. These moments of epiphany will leave you stunned, grinning and repeatedly saying ""Mr. Blow, you magnificent bast*rd!"" (he's the head game developer).*** DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND NEVER, EVER LOOK AT ANYTHING THAT COULD REMOTELY BE SPOILERS FOR THE WITNESS!NO FORUM THREADS, NO YOUTUBE VIDEOS, NOTHING, NOT A SINGLE SECOND; TOTAL RADIO SILENCE. THIS GAME CAN BE SPOILED INCREDIBLY EASILY WITH ONLY A FEW WORDS OR A SINGLE PICTURE. IF YOU GET STUCK SOMEWHERE, NEVER LOOK UP THE SOLUTION, JUST GO SOMEWHERE ELSE, COME BACK IN A FEW DAYS AND YOU WILL BE SURPRISED HOW A FRESH LOOK CHANGES THINGS AND YOU WILL BE HAPPY YOU DID NOT ""CHEAT"".IT IS ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT (BOTH THE GAME AND NEVER LOOKING UP SOLUTIONS)! ***"
,Not Recommended,210970,20948662,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trollcop,"This game is a perfect example on why a simple ""Yes/No"" system is a little too barebones for this kind of video game. I would recommend this game to certain people, but only a select few that I seem to not be part of. The puzzles included in The Witness are interesting and creative, but they are the same general concept of a maze with different gimmicks and ways to come to a solution that require some out of the box thinking. Only an hour in and I found a house where the layout was the solution to the puzzle on the back door. And a lot of times, the puzzles build on the ideas of the previous idea and lead to a series of puzzles with increasing difficulty so you can, as Jonathon Blo put it, understand what the puzzle is saying. There is also a lot of free form design choices that allow you to go where ever and attempt puzzles in many areas on the island at any time, but I have some gripes about that (along with many other parts of the game). Exploring is pretty fun portion of the game, however, as the world seems ""frozen""  with many neat and interesting set pieces to examine and how those scenes end up leading to a puzzle with a new idea behind the solution.However, for all the good in the game, it comes with aspects that rubbed me the wrong way. The most minor of gripes I have is the walking speed is pretty slow and the sprint is an alright speed. By itself, the speed isn't bad, but the openness of the game means you'll be in for a great amount of wandering and backtracking, and that means time spent walking from A to B where you've already been. And wandering is a big part of the game since there is no story nor direction, at all; or at least within the first hour of the game. This means the big hook for the game is the puzzles for you to solve, the mazes. There are audio logs, but they seem pretty small and kinda hard to find. I really feel like the setting has promise and there was something interesting that transpired, but it requires a large drive to find anything about it. The puzzles themselves seem creative, but the issue have with them is the series of puzzles that are presented. Some of the puzzles in a sequence will turn off if you don't get them right, but can be reactivated by redoing the last puzzle in the series. This means you have to think about the puzzle and prevent brute force attempts, but get it wrong or test an idea and you'll be walking back to that last puzzle. And with the walking speed, it adds up how annoying it is that I am being punished for trying something in a puzzle game. For me, this killed my interest as I was constantly running back to the same puzzles, speeding through the solution, going back to the new puzzle, and repeating if I get it wrong. And the fact that the core aspect of the puzzles never change, it can get a little daunting as you go from maze to maze with no explict story given, or frustrating if you get stuck at a puzzle and have to go find another to do. And even with the very open areas, sometimes you'll come across puzzles that haven't been activated, so that means finding one that is turned on. It can be a little tiresome if you follow a line of puzzles to one end, only to realize that it's the wrong end. Also, J.B. included something that becomes impossible later. And that really rubs me the wrong way.So, The Witness. Should you get it? Maybe, depends on if you like iterations and new ideas blended into the same core puzzle gameplay and if you don't care about hand-holding whatsoever. Like with the way Braid was a platformer, this is a exploration game with mazes. It is difficult to say yes or no for such a niche game such as this. That being said, the big thing is, Braid was $15 and this is $40. So, the question is, is it worth the $40? I say no to that price: the puzzles are interesting but don't offer enough variety to make up for the lack of story telling present and there are too many things that make me unhappy about the game, or I just don't have the mental capacity and critical thinking to really enjoy this. But if you can work with finding new ways to solve the same sort of puzzle, then perhaps you can find this brain-bending puzzle game up your alley. A good baseline is, do you like Space chem? If you do, this game might be worth looking at."
,Not Recommended,210970,22254322,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ArinsMind,"Pros:-It introduces concepts and rules with very brief experimental puzzles to guide the player without tedious tutorials.-It has a definitive and vibrant graphic style that helps simplify the nature of the puzzles.-You feel smart after completing puzzles and figuring out the formula to solve them.-There are a lot of environmental puzzles to solve and find that are completely optional and fun to discover.Cons--Everything drags out way too long.-Every puzzle is basically the same with slightly different motives.-Solutions to puzzles are so extremely vague or time-consuming that it feels like guesing is the only real option.-There is no story. It's made up of ""deep"" and artsy poems by characters you don't even know.Full opinion:Part of what made me dislike this game is the exaggeration of how great it was. I had heard about this game through tons of positive feedback over how amazingly smart it was and how the creator of the game was a mastermind in his craft. This only leads me to believe that my time spent on this game would be a fantastic and memorable gaming experience. It wasn't. I feel like half of this game shouldn't even exist, unless, it was optional or a harder difficulty. I really don't understand how so many people were stoked on this game.It seems as if every set of puzzles in every area had a pattern of  ""let's figure this out"" to ""okay i get it now"" to ""oh god there's more."" Just as the puzzles became managable and at the peak of their difficulty, it would open up a whole new set of puzzles with even more ridiculous challenges. And instead of feeling like I had overcome obstacles with my intellect and hard work, I just felt like I had done a list of chores. Especially considering every single puzzle is the exact same with a slight spin.Pretty soon, it felt like the creators had given up and decided that they could keep players invested by just including more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I had beaten Myst, one of the greatest puzzle games of all time, and have a total of 10 hours spent on it. The Witness took up 20 hours of my time, and I hadn't gotten to all the optional areas and puzzles. Most of it feels like a waste of time, and I found myself tempted to look up solutions because I didn't have the energy to continue. To me, the price of this game does not equal the time spent. I'd much rather play a short and actually FUN game for the same price.This game is just a gigantic vague mess in an attempt to sound and look deep and artistic. It wastes your time by giving you way more than you can or should ever chew. While most puzzles start off very interesting and unique, they always end up overstaying their welcome and introducing the most ridiculous ways to make a fun puzzle frustrating. This game might tickle some people's fancy. But I would highly recommend just playing Myst."
76561197999420513,Not Recommended,210970,21042055,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,nsmash,"This game is totally pointless, literally.  As others have stated, this game has no narrative.  Most of the puzzles are fun and interesting, but some rely on extremely obtuse and obscure clues.  Unless you are willing to spend a day or more on a single puzzle, a walkthrough guide is essential.  But worst of all (SPOILERS beyond this point) the game ends with no resolution or context.  The puzzles do not fit into any sort of plot or setting or reason.  After solving the final one the game literally erases all your progress and just closes itself.As someone who was attracted to puzzle games (and computer games in general) by Myst and Riven, I cannot support or recommend a pointless time-waster like The Witness."
76561198064519656,Not Recommended,210970,21141166,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Royal Fool,"This game is absolutely far too shallow for it's asking price. There is a beautiful environment but no direction in it. The puzzles seem clever at first, but quickly they even devolve to simply throwing frustration at you (extremely slow moving water in puzzles where you need to adjust it to see reflections, white noise on puzzles that depend on audio cues, etc.).The environments look beautiful, but there is almost nothing to them. The world is there, but there is no reason to discover anything in it. The puzzles are there, but they just get more and more frustrating with less and less of a feeling of accomplishment for completing them.The puzzles are little more complex than what you could expect to find in a free game anywhere on the internet. Some cleverly use the environment, but those seem few and far between. Several more (especially the light puzzles) generally use the environment to a much more frustrating than entertaining degree.The game is not rewarding at all. There is nothing to gain from exploring. There is no goal you are working towards. Even the puzzles themselves give no satisfaction. This whole game comes across as a scam. I'd say it's hardly worth any money at all, let alone the absurd $40 price tag for such a shallow game."
,Recommended,210970,23889928,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MechaGG,"Like all good puzzle games, you can be stumped on something for days then feel like an absolute genius when you solve it.  And the island is so open that if you DO get stuck, you can just move onto another area and come back later.It looks absolutely gorgeous too."
,Recommended,210970,28775380,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,IHNN,"The Witness is the single best invoker of the Tetris effect I've ever seen. For those who don't know, the Tetris effect is what its called when aspects from a game start bleeding over into the real world- such as seeing things moving down after playing Tetris for a while. With The Witness, you start seeing patterns everywhere. And I mean everywhere, especially where they don't exist. The game trains you to look for these, and unraveling some are very satisfying.Oh and the primary method of puzzles? Outside of a couple select (thankfully short) areas, I thoroughly enjoyed solving them. They may all be line puzzles, but there are so many clever twists on the formula scattered throughout, especially in the endgame. Having to come up with a solution to a puzzle that not only meets the explicit requirements but also the implicit requirements to progress was the most fun I had with the game, and the final area has so many of these types of double puzzles.The final challenge is a timed gauntlet of random puzzles that I got on the second try, with one entirely new gimmick added in that's not spelled out anywhere else. I feel like this was meant to be much harder than the endgame, as it comes after, but it played to my strengths as a player.Anyone who tries saying this game didn't need an overworld and should have been a level select game is missing at least half the point of the game. Yes, the core puzzle type would work well in that context. But the catch here is that so many of the uses would be ruined by a level select, or outright impossible. In fact, the core Tetris effect reason is why the island works so well, even if walking from one area to another can be a bigger hassle than necessary sometimes."
,Recommended,210970,20959982,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zedd's dead,"This game is by far one of the best pure puzzle driven games I have ever played. With a little over 6 hours played I would estimate that I have done about 1/3 of the puzzles this game has to offer and I am still compelled to return.  Here is a breakdown of the good and the bad of the game and why I find it so amazing.Graphics -The graphics of this game are beautiful but very stylized and not overly detailed up close. So, the real draw is how the art is used. Much like World of Warcraft when it first came out, the graphics were not amazing per say, but the sheer artistic vision realized through the graphics is what is impressive.Sound -The sound in this game is designed to keep the tone and feel of the game relaxing and peaceful. While I may not be the best puzzle solver in the world, I am no slouch. There were many times already that I had to think both deeply and creatively to get a solution and the background sound was enjoyable and was not disruptive to my train of thought.Gameplay -I have read many reviews of this game and yes... the game is a ""puzzle maze"" game. Most (not all but most) of the puzzles are all presented on boards for you to interact with. However, to say that this game is just one type of puzzle and boring because of it is like saying the Louvre is just a building full of paint covered canvases (yes I know there are other forms of art there but you get my point). While the game starts out with VERY basic puzzles, they not only get harder later; they evolve and branch out into a myriad of different themes.Story -Since I am only about a third of the way through, I cannot comment on the overall quality of the story, but it is definitely there for those who are paying attention. That is one thing which may be a problem for some: this game may not fully be about ""the story"". What I have experienced instead so far is more a sense of cohesiveness. Each area of the island has different coloring, temperature (artistically), and culture so that there is a feeling of uniqueness to each area that maps to different puzzle mechanic themes. Despite this, there are several game elements that tie each of these unique zones into a clear whole.Nits -So is the game perfect? No. There is an oddly clunky menu (mostly irrelevant). The textures for the game close up are not amazing (as I hinted at before). There are some poorly designed terrain elements like solving a puzzle to move a small ""bridge"" across water and having it take an eternity EACH time you do it is silly. Also, the movement mechanics are a bit primitive, so you are sometimes forced to walk around obstacles in the environment due to the inability to even slightly jump. These are not intentional barriers that serve a purpose in separating different aspects of the game; they are just unintended bumps in the road. Finally I have a pet peeve for quasi pretentious quotations from great thinkers that are not directly relevant to the environment and there are plenty of them in the game.So, why is this game amazing?The answer is the game's skill at teaching and how it does it. The way the game is set up, each themed area teaches you more and more about the puzzles and how the function. It is not a tutorial, it is not an explanation; it is a journey of discovery as you are confronted with iterations of the same puzzle theme that are increasingly abstract or complex. Never have I seen a game before that is more elegant in using a self-educational model to greater effect. You then get to go back to areas with more hybrid puzzle themes with a clear understanding of how these dozens of mechanics work without anyone uttering a single word to explain."
,Not Recommended,210970,28930012,Posted: 1 January,all,Jess♥,"This game's precursor, Braid was good. Braid was fun. I felt rewarded when I figured out how to get the little guy to his destination. It was charming and it had a clever story. With each level I completed, I felt progress and reward. Sure, some parts were fiendishly difficult but I felt a real drive to get past there because I felt like it was worthwhile.So of course, I figured the witness would feel worthwhile. I was wrong.The witness is an empty lifeless string of dull and obscure puzzle boards. The world sometimes plays a part in the puzzles but often in ways that are just stupid and obtuse. Some people might read that and think ""ha ha you're just butthurt because you're not smart enough.."" I'm smart enough, I finished braid with all the secrets, by myself. The problem with the witness is, there is NO MOTIVATION. no narrative. Just some stupid statues posed in a 'quirky' way and some random quotes from philosophers that have no real relation to the game world. Honestly, these quote feel like this game is trying to redeem it's lifeless shell with some borrowed concept from the talos principle; but the talos principle had a very strong narrative that was weaved through conversations with Milton.  This has no real interaction. The player has no real effect on hte world, it's just window dressing. It's window dressing for a series of obscure logic puzzles. If I wanted to do that, I'd take a rubiks cube with me and go on a hike. At least then I'd get some exercise and fresh air.Then there is the price.  Seriously dude, Jonathon Blow. That is freaking greedy. You're not selling half life 3 here.  It's a gimmicky puzzle indie game. Get over yourself.Damn waste of money."
76561197965583985,Recommended,210970,20798233,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Tenka,"This game is fantastic!Its a puzzle game that requires you to think outside the box in every respect. From the trailers, it may look like the only thing shown is a simple maze puzzle, and you might think ""how complex could that possibly get?"". The answer is: Very!Pay attention to EVERYTHING, because it all might be relevent to the puzzle/puzzles you're working on. It could be the way the grass grows in a certain area, the way shadows hit a certain object, the angle you're looking at something.. no holds are barred when it comes to how creative some of the solutions to these puzzles are.Some people may be dissapointed that this game is not quite the ""adventure game"" they were expecting, and they're right, its not an adventure game its a pure puzzle game.It's not Myst, its The Talos Principle.I'm 12 hours in and I've had so many satisfying moments that I can only give a full recommendation."
76561198354324197,Recommended,210970,33155008,Posted: 2 July,all,david.mckee,"If you like puzzles, very enjoyable and challenging game.  I loved every second of it......except the 3 sections I had to seek help on.  :)"
,Recommended,210970,34134119,Posted: 9 August,all,Fab-U-lous!,"This feels like a throwback to the days when videogames were about the journey and not the destination; it's not the most action-packed game, but that doesn't mean it doesn't get the heart-racing, a smile forming, or the brain working vigorously.I can't begin to sell this game, without giving it away, and I'm sure it's the sort of game, where everyone's journey is unique.Just... wow."
,Recommended,210970,34402663,Posted: 21 August,all,Triskel,"The Witness, a PUZZLE game at its Core and Heart(And a hardcore one I shall say)If you are not a particular puzzle person, can't handle frustration very well or are easily jaded, this is probablynotthe game for you.That being said, let's move on. Do not worry, there areNO SPOILERShere (that would be afelony).Hundreds of puzzles. And I mean,hundreds.So you should know by now that all the puzzles in The Witness revolve around a single and simple mechanic:drawing aline. Now you ask:how the hellis the game going to keep a plethora of line puzzles interesting for its entire duration? My answer: by twisting your reasoning in the most creative and unimaginable ways possible. Seriously, there is no better feeling than the self-realization of awesomeness that follows you finally figuring out the logic behind a new type of puzzle and then solving itlike a ninja.Open world puzzle game!?Here comes the rarest beauty of The Witness yet: it is a (fair to say)open world, a refreshing detour from the most conventional linear games and platformers of the genre. The Witness's Island is a place full of paths and prospects, complete with neat graphics, great lighting and stunning visuals. It has a charming and intriguing atmosphere, dreamy yet dark, pretty capable of filling you with awe at times.On top of all you have thefreedomthat only open worlds can provide, so you may suddenly decide to take a stroll around the map instead of hammering your head against the panel of the pesky little puzzle over there. You do it later.It's all about perspectiveBe prepared to think so far outside the box that you'll start questioning yourself if there even is a box. Punny enough, The Witness has its own boxes for you to worry about. While searching for them, remember that there is no such thing as ""giving up"" in this game, there is only ""leaving it for now then coming back later to realize how stupid you were back then"". Luckily that won't spoil your subsequent feeling of awesomeness.It's also worth to note that, even if you've beaten the game, most likely you haven't completed it yet - adding to a remarkable replay value and even more perspectives.Single-player co-opFinally, why don't you grab that friend of yours who shares the same love for mind-boggling games that you do and go play it together? Don't be selfish, there are plenty of thinking and enough puzzles to overwhelm you both - and you might find out that feeling of awesomeness is even better when doubled.Don't have friends? Don't worry, it is still a single-player.10/10 for puzzle lovers"
76561198084065754,Recommended,210970,20832465,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,au Joy,"Is this game worth buying?  (bullet point review)First I'll say I think its not perfect, and I wouldn't give it a 10/10. There are, after hours of play, some things I don't like. I did not like the sets of puzzles which relied on listening to shrill and annoying audio samples to solve. I would like the environment to feel more alive. Where are the fish, insects, birds (wink wink) , small mammals? I suppose I can forgive an indie studio for not having the budget to elaborate on complex animal ambience.Onto business.If you are looking for a game ...... which challenges you instead of rewards you.... which isn't bugged to hell or released in alpha as most 'full releases' are these days.... in which thoughtfulness is encouraged, instead of time-destroying grinding or farming for e-stats.... where you walk away from it feeling happier than when you sat down.... which doesn't conspire to get you addicted like many modern games.... which feels like walking into an art gallery, where ones shoes should be removed upon entering.... with actual depth. Not the fake depth of grinding to level whatever, but the depth of discovering and understanding complex practical and philosophic puzzles Witness presents you with.... in which 'sleeping on it' is actually a legitimate method of solving the puzzles.... where you will walk over a piece of ground a hundred times, not realizing it is the missing piece of the puzzle.... which you can show your family and friends.... which doesn't feel like watching a Michael Bay film.... which is bad by 2016 standards (no perks, leveling treadmills, no addictive hooks, no farming, no worrying about it while you're at work, no peer pressure, no achievements, unlockables, no pay to win, no DLC).Then you have found a game worth playing.I won't tell you to like Witness. It is not for everyone. The price feels steep at $39.99. I do believe Witness is worthy enough for you to take a chance with it, and after 10-20 hours of play, deciding then whether you like it, or not.Just as a wine collection needs a few fine bottles, your Steam Library needs The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,25104869,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ages 5 and up,"""This is just a dumb grid based puzzle game that could be a free app"" is what I typically hear when I talk about The Witness to anyone that has NEVER played it. Key word there is never... This game is much more than any dumb old free puzzle game on the apple store, this is an incredibly well developed, immersive, difficult, interesting, and different kind of puzzle game. The game's main mechanic may make the whole experience seem very lacking at first glance, however, when you are in this world you realize how these 2d puzzles interact in their 3d environment and feel like it makes sense in the world presented to you. With every new puzzle you learn how to conquer them by good game design, the game literally has you teach yourself how to beat each one of these puzzles so that when completing even simple puzzles you still have a great sense of achievement opposed to a tutorial line guiding you through how to solve puzzles with mechanics foreign to you. This game is worth any puzzle lovers time and is worth the 40 dollars. You will get your money's worth."
,Recommended,210970,20928848,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,hadyn,"The Witness is a masterpiece, though it's not for everyone. If you enjoy games which reward exploration and experimentation, there's a lot to love here - but even then, the game asks a deal of patience of its audience. You will often come across puzzles which you are ill-equipped to solve. The brilliance in the design is that all of the puzzles are entirely solvable with the mechanics available to players from the start of the game; the only real limit on the player is their knowledge of the rules. There are no explicit tutorials, but the knowledge is available to be discovered across the game's beautiful island setting.If that sounds a bit vague it's only because I want to respect readers in the same way that the game respects its players, allowing them to explore and discover for themselves the many secrets of the island.As you might expect in a game from the designer who brought us Braid, the narrative is very much open to interpretation. This is a game wherein nothing is explicit, and if you require that external drive you may feel rather lost. It helps a great deal to to come into this game with a willingness to think, to be confused, and to keep exploring all the same.It's worth noting that colourblind and/or hearing impaired players may have difficulty with some of the game's puzzles, as they rely on an array of sensory clues. I encourage those affected to do more research before diving in.It took me about 25 hours to reach the end of the game, completing a fair deal of the optional puzzles along the way - though I suspect the remaining ones could easily take another 5-10 hours to get through, if not longer.I abstained from turning to the internet for advice the entire way through, and I strongly recommend that other players do the same. The game tells you everything you need to know if only you persevere - and the sense of achievement that comes from overcoming these challenges alone is great. Trust the game; it is fair, and it does want you to succeed.All in all this is one of the most impressively designed games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. There is sharp intent behind every aspect of its construction - to a level that often feels absurd - and the result is an incredibly unique and fulfilling experience."
76561198076882334,Recommended,210970,20925857,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,countryshack,"Holy Ship! This Beach is incredible!Before I downloaded the game I was reading the reviews about how All Of The Puzzles Are The Same. They are just grid maze puzzles. (I couldn't believe that there could actually be just  hundreds of the same grid puzzles so I Purchased the game).Sure-Nuff! Hundreds of the same grid type puzzles. I almost wanted my money back as I was reaching the two hour mark but Thank God I didn't.This work is absolutely Fantastic! The longer you explore the island, the more that you learn and discover. Let me explain:In those 1st two hours I came across some of those maze type grid puzzles that made Absolutely No Sense At All. (That was what made me think about getting my money back)But behold! After exploring the Island for awhile, I learned something that made those 'No Sense' puzzles....make perfect sense. Then it was just a matter of solving them.It was that 'eureka moment' when I realized what this game was all about and how complex and vast this game was going to be.The Island is huge and there are So Many places to explore that just the exploration itself will take quite some time; not to mention trying to remember where everyting is.Then, of corse, there are the puzzles themselves. Wow, this isn't going to be a cake-walk either.Some are easier, of corse, but some are vastly complicated (But Very Logical).An Example:I came across a puzzle that made absolutely No Sense At All so I left it and continued exploring. About 10 hours later I discoved a part of the Island that explained the puzzle that I was stumped on. Now I understand the puzzle so I head back to it. OK, so here I am back at the puzzle and I Now Understand what it is all about and what I have to do to solve it.Hee, hee, but now I have to solve it!I worked on it for well over an hour, gave up, and turned the computer off.The next morning I was sitting on our deck and thinking about the puzzle and the answer hit me like a brick.I ran inside and solved the puzzle in less than a minute!That is just a hint of what this game is all about. There is a ton of exploration and a ton of puzzles to solve.Sometimes you work on a puzzle for a long while and when you finally solve it....Nothing happens 'as far as you know'. You feel let down.Later you may realize what solving that puzzle actually accomplished and you get that atta-boy feeling.Other times, when you solve a puzzle, there will be instant gratification.I wish that I could go into more detail to explain the vast wonderous intriging complexities of the game but I don't want to take a chance of spoiling anything for you if you decide to play.If you are the type of person that thinks matching three or four of like colored or shaped objects to make them vanish is a puzzle, don't even waste a penny of your money on this software masterpiece.If, however, you are a person that likes the puzzles on MillerWorldInc or some such puzzle site then Don't Even Hesitate For A Second! Purchase This Game!I know that the 40 buck price tag seems steep but I have to tell Ya, from what I've seen so far, you are going to get a fantastic ride for less than 50 cents an hour.Is it like Myst? Not really, because there isn't an intwined story involved.Is it like Portal? No, Portal was more linear.Is it like The Talos Principle? Kinda, because you have more freedom of movement.But, take those three and put them in a blender and you May have an understanding of what 'The Witness' actually is.If you like to explore and solve puzzles....Get this from Steam NOW!"
,Not Recommended,210970,20780740,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,d_low,"Bought this game after watching the giant bomb quicklook. I was a huge fan of braid and really looking forward to Johnathan's next project. I'll be honest here. I'm not sure if this is all there is to the game, but if it is, I have no idea what he spent the past 8 years making. Sure it's a great, challenging puzzle game, but that's it. It's just puzzles. There's not much else. The puzziles do get interesting. This isn't a ""snake simulator"" like some others have said, but at the same time, the game is fairly predictable and repetitious.I'm going to keep playing and will update my review if my opinion changes, but thus far, I'm not seeing much content here. Beautiful? Absolutely. Challenging? Sure? Engaging.... ehhh.... we'll see. So far, I'm not so sure this one has staying power. Maybe next time John?[EDIT] Played a few more hours, got to the section with the trees and the bridges and just couldn't take anymore. So many bridges, so many repetitive puzzles and...  I hadn't figured out some pre-requesite so now I have to back track... Sigh. Desperate, I cheated and watched a few videos. I'm sorry guys, after seeing a few spoilers, it doesn't appear I'm missiong out on much. This game is beautiful, but that's it. There simply isn't much game here. It's mostly 2d puzzles with a few environmental/perspective puzzles towards the end."
76561197971766810,Not Recommended,210970,20902327,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,hobbit_007_eee,"Beautiful scenery, Overpriced, No driving force except the hope that it gets better later on ( it doesn't)."
76561197961758393,Recommended,210970,29399058,Posted: 21 January,all,HeLi0s,"I went into this fairly recently, months after all the hype. I knew nothing apart from people thought it was good and a puzzle game. I was fairly casual in my pace, taking a couple weeks of going back here and there to finish it up and roam around the island, and I loved it.This is a beautiful setting, and brilliantly made. I didn't like all the puzzles types, and may never 100% it, but I love it all the same. I would highly recommend it as something to dip into every now and then, with some music in the background and just to see the world and try and wrap your head round some of the puzzles. Then if you get stuck, don't beat yourself up, just come back to it later or have a look round the environment. The little hidden things really make it truly great."
76561197972292762,Recommended,210970,20959033,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,disky,First hour was not convinced.But then the enviroment came into play.Loving it.
,Recommended,210970,20960312,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,eli,"The Witnessis not a game about solving puzzles, but rather about learning how to be able to solve puzzles. Broadly, it's a game about being perceptive, about teaching and understanding, and about discovery. Devoid of wordy descriptions or rule explanations,The Witnessinvites players to learn naturally while adopting a mindset of attentiveness.The ingenuity of the game comes from the fact it takes the ""solve line puzzles on grids"" mechanic and toys with it as much as possible, squeezing absolutely everything out of it. The grids themselves serve as an input method, a means of interaction with your environment—the game is much more than hundreds of line puzzles on an island. Through these puzzles, however abstract,The Witnessdoes not only (greatly) challenge players, but also incites real human emotion—glee, annoyance, excitement, hatred, wonder, elation.The Witnessis an ideal example of how a game should be—while it may only appeal to a relatively small subset of players, it appeals to this group greatly, rather than appealing to many players mildly without being overly impressive to anyone. It does not try to please all players, and actively rejects the ""low risk–high reward"" mold common to the modern video game industry. It's also not every game that necessitates you to get a notebook of graph paper to solve puzzles, or at least exit the game window to visualize your thoughts using Microsoft Paint.So, why ""The Witness""?The P versus NP problem, a major unsolved question in computer science and branches of mathematics such as complexity theory, asks: ""Can every problem whose answer can becheckedquickly by a computer also besolvedquickly by a computer?"" The definition of a problem in NP (e.g. puzzles inThe Witness) is that, given a candidate solution, there exists a way to verify that the solution is correct in polynomial time. Reiterating an earlier point,The Witnessis more about the discovery of a verifier as opposed to finding an actual, specific solution to puzzles. In mathematical terms, such a verifier is called a witness. The game involves you, the player, searching for the witness to various puzzles.Blog post about this game, with pictures:http://elifessler.com/games/blog/posts/the-witness"
76561198004431825,Not Recommended,210970,29489389,Posted: 25 January,all,shiny,"I'm conflicted on whether to recommend this or not, but ultimately I could only recommend this to somebody who wants a hard lesson in anti-climax.If you like hard puzzles, where the reward is more puzzles, this could be the game for you. I really enjoyed the puzzles, but found the game around them to be a disappointment. The fact that some puzzles areobscured in the environment, needing you to stand on a particular angle to see them, or needing you to reach a certain moment in a video and connect them to something externalmeans that completing this game fully is an exercise in frustration and time-wasting.The game is full of mystery, but I found no satisfaction in the endingeven though I searched and watched the other endings on Youtube after deciding I wasn't going to pursue 100% completion. The popular interpretation of the game's secret ending feels like a cop out."
,Recommended,210970,21290161,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,papercrane,"It's hard to explain why this game has become one of my favorites in such a short time. The Witness is visually striking, even with minimal texturing and obvious facets on objects. The attention to detail, though, seemingly from every angle and every position, leads to many astonishing moments, beautiful vistas, and moments of epiphany. The puzzles, while challenging and sometimes frustrating, are fun and build upon their rules and concepts until I had to resort to graph paper and a pencil to keep all of the possibilities in mind.If you enjoy games with little obvious direction and no definite goal, but which rewards exploration and attention to detail, with a large dose of simple seeming, yet complex puzzles to solve, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,210970,28608275,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Anh Alexander,"7/10 - A simultaenously relaxing and frustratingly difficult puzzle exploration game+ Genious puzzles+ Gorgeous landscape+ Plenty to find and explore- Some puzzle concepts are a bit obscure to catch on to- At $40, I would wait until it is on saleThis is NOT an adventure game. There are no monsters to kill/run away from, there are no stats and upgrades.It is just you, the island, and the puzzles.  I really enjoyed the game for what it was, but I will admit I had to be in the right mood."
,Recommended,210970,25326678,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Inoshiro,"This game is one of my favorites, it's a very difficult puzzle game that you can just get lost in. The puzzles themselves arent unfair or impossible, they are just hard and definetily require a lot of thought. there is so much to discover in this game and theres alot of stuff underneath all the puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,24234247,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Azapa,"This game is amazing.I haven't enjoyed a game like this for a long time, feel giddy and happy every time I had a eureka moment.The puzzles and progress as you learn and understand things around you is amazingly crafted.I honestly recommend this for anyone interested in puzzle games and mental challanges."
,Not Recommended,210970,21192968,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Yggdar,"It's not a bad game but I wouldn't reccomend it for two reasons. I got motion sickness and it's a bit repetative.By repetative I mean that even though the puzzles themselves are varying difficulty they are very similar in design and very 2d. Feels like just walking in a 3d world to get to and start a new 2d puzzle.I expected a bit more after all the positive reviews and I thought it reminded me of ""The Talos Principle"", but this game feels a bit simplistic in design (the puzzles are varying difficulty though, and absolutely a challange)."
,Recommended,210970,33108757,Posted: 1 July,all,Visual Sneeze,"I haven't finished the game yet but I'm definitely enthralled by it. I have a particular affinity for puzzle games that elegantly teach you how to solve their puzzles without speaking a word. There have been a couple moments when I've started to get frustrated with the puzzles, but never because I didn't understand the system or what was being asked of me.Furthermore, I've uploaded almost a hundred screenshots of this game already. Half of what I love about this game are the vibrant colors, varied environments, and interesting vistas. It's a beautiful game that will bring out your inner photographer if you're so inclined.The audio clips and what little semblance of a ""plot"" that I've encountered so far, however, strikes me as a bit long-winded if not outright pretentious. Not enough to sour my experience by any means!"
,Recommended,210970,20795286,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Frai,"A simple puzzle concept gets more and more complicated. Each set of puzzles introduces a new adittion to the concept, then each puzzle on the set makes it more complicated and twisted.This is a masterpiece, it will squeeze your brain, and you will awesome when that happens."
,Recommended,210970,20981746,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Aduleten,"I want to start this review by saying that if you are here, you were lucky enough to find a review without any spoilers. Which is a really big deal considering the game.Yes, I have read many reviews before writing this one and most of them contains spoilers. Kinda sad considering people read reviews to know about the game playing experience, not to ♥♥♥♥ing ruin it completely. And it makes me wonder, do these people that wrote negative reviews really had The Witness gaming experience? Or maybe they just got their experience ruined by spoilers themselves... or maybe the game was just not meant to be played and liked by those people?Two things you have to know about this game and this is where every negative review fails: This game is about exploration and puzzle solving. Nothing else really. What did you expect? Also, it does it perfectly. It does it in it's own way. There are similar games out there such as Myst, The Talos Principle and the Portal games, but it's still not even close to what I felt during my playthrough of The Witness.It is an astounding puzzle game where you WILL have your mind blown in many different ways. Keep in mind that this is not your typical videogame. It is a puzzle game, and a hard one. You will enjoy progressing if you enjoy learning stuff. It is a very mature game that almost feels like working sometimes, but who said working has to be boring? Everything, and I mean everything in The Witness is beautiful. Environment, puzzles, design, colors, sound, details, gameplay... Everything is there for you to admire, feel, experience and forget. To make you forget about your life for a moment and completely fill your mind and thoughts with puzzles. But after, when you will go out, you might end up seeing the real world differently, seeing more of it's beauty. That's just what The Witness does.Nothing more has to be said and keep in mind that reading more reviews WILL ruin your experience. The game is all about it. And going in spoilers free is the way to go if you want to live something fun and worthy.I would give it a good 9.5/10.Also, a little bit of precision for some of you that might now know : Jon Blow is the director of The Witness and his last game Braid came out more than 6 years ago. So I want to precise the fact that I did not like Braid that much. I am not a Jon Blow fanboy. I am not brainwashed of any sort. To me The Witness is a masterpiece and a very inspiring game. This game is so beautiful. It would inspire anyone that does art, or doesn't."
76561197999631984,Not Recommended,210970,28906954,Posted: 1 January,all,Jazzy,"Let me preface this review with the fact that I'm not the best puzzle gamer out there. In fact, I struggle with some of the more basic puzzles in many games. My mind just doesn't function like that. However, a friend of mine had suggested this game as a great puzzle game. He said, ""It will challenge you in ways you've never been challenged before."" He was right on many different levels...but this isn't necessarily a good thing.Let me talk about a few of the things I thoroughly enjoyed about the game.First, the visuals. I really enjoyed the artwork of the game. It reminded me of a lot of indie games with hand painted visuals. Second, the lack of music. Throughout most of the game, the lack of music was serene in a way that allowed me to keep a level head while struggling with many of the puzzles (I ended up adding in my own classical or jazz music to help keep it serene). Third, the idea. Don't get me wrong, abstract puzzle games infuriate me to no end. However, there is something eloquent yet simple about the puzzles in this game. The idea that the game doesn't give you much to work with and you have to figure out the majority of the information yourself is a fascinating idea.Now, let's move on to why I can't recommend this game.In spite of the pros this game has, it comes with one major flaw that made the game far less enjoyable for me; the puzzles. Even though I said the abstract ideas were intriguing, the actual puzzles themselves left a bit to be desired in my opinion. Each puzzle is set up like a grid in front of you. You zoom in on the puzzles, and you have to figure out where to draw the line(s) and get through it like a maze. Certain puzzles come with sound clues, visual clues, patterns, symbols, lighting, colors, and/or a myriad of other obstacles or problems. Even though there is a strong variety of puzzle difficulties, each one feels so much like the last with a different variable. I'm already not much a fan of math or any of its forms, and each puzzle felt like a math equation that required solving. If I'm really going to delve in to a puzzle game, I enjoy the more physical puzzles that you might find in a Legend of Zelda game, or Portal 2.Overall, if you're a fan of very abstract puzzles, and the tedious task of doing the same kind of puzzle for hours on end, then go ahead, puck up the game and enjoy your time.Unfortunately, I cannot recommend the game as somebody that really struggled with everything the game had to offer. Cheers!"
,Recommended,210970,23142309,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,STARSHIP POOPERS,I've never played a game with this much attention to detail. Every single bit of the island is deliberately  designed to work for you.
76561197983817188,Recommended,210970,21272895,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hanover,"I didn't absolutely hate the game, but as I got further and further in it, I started not caring whether I solved the next puzzle or not. Sometimes I would discover a door and I would care until I opened the door the puzzle was blocking.  For the most part, I learned that most of the doors just led to shortcuts through the world and really didn't reveal anything. Sometimes the doorsled to videos on philosophy and science, but those weren't very rewarding as they didn't really give you insight or reveal what you were doing on the island.Many times I'd be presented a puzzle where I knew I could solve if I pulled out yet another sheet of graph paper and worked it out, but simply didn't feel like it. So I ended up quitting, playing something else and coming back the next day until the same thing happened. It turns out that is exactly how I approach sudoku or maze puzzle games on my smart phone. Binging on those is exactly what playing The Witness started feeling like. So I got through to the ""easy"" ending in small doses. Fortunately with everyone complaining about how bad the easy ending was, I was already prepared to be let down. So it wasn't shocking.The puzzles in the mountain almost made me stop completely. The only way Jonathan Blow could make the puzzles any harder were tomake them spin and flip and move around. That's when I felt he stepped over a line from intellectual challenge to using cheap tricks to make them harder. It's one thing to present a gauntlet that makes you think outside the box with all you've learned, it's another to have someone jump in front of you waving their arms while you're trying to solve a puzzle. Having to look at those puzzles was unpleasant. Giving your players headaches and motion sickness is not good puzzle design.Interestingly enough, it wasn't until AFTER the mountain when youcan access all these hidden areas you could see through locked gates and inaccessible bridges you saw overheaddid the game become fun again. I'm currently going through those puzzles, but I'm yet again, approaching it as I would the sudoku and maze puzzles (Flow Free) on my cell phone. A couple of puzzles at a time and then moving on to my other games. I'm using the same method to find all the environmental puzzles too. I'm simply in no rush to see the other endings.The only reason it's worth $40 to me is I enjoyed exploring the Island and the game has lasted a long time. It was a ""pleasant"" way to pass the time, but the game itself didn't knock my socks off.  Talos Principle still remains as my all-time favorite puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,210970,26116450,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Matilda,"Tedious and without reward, The Witness tries desperately to capture the spirit of something much grander than the sum of its parts can deliver, but fails at virtually every conceivable turn. Offering only occasionally interesting puzzle mechanics that long overstay their welcome, pseudo pensive and ultimately pointless commentary in the form of purposefully abstract quotes delivered as if read the night before by failed art students, and agonizingly slow video clips picked straight from the brain of a teenage philosopher, all to pad the corpse of a treatise written by someone that values the appearance of thought more than the content of thought, and culminating in the weakest non-ending ever laid to disc.If you've ever had anyone attempt to convince you that their well trodden ideas are deceptively deep, you've experienced the bulk of The Witness and the rest isn't worth anyone's time. Armchair philosophy in pixel form.The visuals are occasionally pretty.1/4"
,Not Recommended,210970,20779765,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Idiotech,"Quick Look:https://youtu.be/N0OYYdBXIzUSummary:While The Witness is beautiful game, it boils down to solving a series of mazes presented to the player on digital panels. If you strip away this games production values, it's nothing more than a very well executed puzzle game that you might find on a mobile device for around $5. I simply can not recommend this game at it's current price, not to mention that many will give up in frustration due to the games opaque design and difficulty.If you want a more detailed explanation of the game and it's mechanics as well as my full opinion please watch the video."
76561198058875247,Recommended,210970,31439915,Posted: 29 April,all,Sade___,"This game is amazing, it really gives you the impression that your intellect is taken seriously. It sets an atmosphere where it is ok not to be able to solve a puzzle (at the moment). You just let the difficult puzzle be, and return to it at a later stage when you are more ready to address it's challenges.I don't want to say too much, because the point of this game is that YOU discover it, so anything I say may ruin this experience for you. I can only say that this game was so unexpectedly good that I decided to write my first steam review!I'm pretty sure this game will be remembered for decades"
,Recommended,210970,20859606,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Lumi,"After short of 32h I am done with The Witness and ready to do a review. And when I say done I mean it. I didn't just beat the game but I made sure I had done every piece of puzzle and discovered everything there is to discover. I didn't use any help and would guess that I could have finished the game in half that time. So one thing is certain: claims that the game takes almost 100h to completely beat are ridiculous. Unless you require 15m to button your shirt that is.So what does the game have to offer? Without spoiling anything, the game does just as it says in the title. In a sense it makes you the witness of its world. But you really trascend beyond that to become an observer even borderline detective.The puzzles are all based around the concept of drawing lines through grids or mazes, but according to a set of rules that are not written anywhere. Yet you have eleven distinct areas harbouring one or two sets of puzzles meant to introduce one or more rules. This is the way you progress in knowledge and along the ""story line"". And by ""story line"" I mean fulfill the requisits to open up the final area, where you'll be tested on what you've learned.The best part to me though was to discover the nature of the game's secrets and then go hunt them down. Some require you to be incredibely observant, others require you to be patient and some require a complete understanding of all the puzzle types' rules.This game is definitely playing in the same league as Portal and The Talos Principle. It is beatiful, smart and will test you like I have only seen The Talos Principle do.What I didn't like, were the tapes you can find. Their content is mainly boring and feels out of place, because it lacks continuity. But it's not the main course, so who cares? The game would have been the same without, imo.I enjoyed the fact that secrets were catalogued according to areas, so that you can keep track of them, but I didn't like the fact that some of the secrets were hidden in a separate challenge area that is tricky to uncover. Actually, my grief is that it has many exits that you can see and taunt you, but only one well hidden entrance, which requires several steps and conditions to unlock. I would have prefered to have no secret in it. It made the catalogues seem off and foced me to look forever in areas I thought I would find them, while they were actually underground...Final word of warning: do not play this game if you are colour blind or epileptic (obvious I know). Some puzzles rely heavily on colours to be solved and you would just be unable to finish the game. Same goes for deaf people as some puzzles require sound.Conclusion: I enjoyed it, felt it was worth my money, even fully priced (rare for me). I defenitely got a challenge out of it and felt rewarded most of the way with a few eureka moments here and there, which is all that is needed in a puzzle game. I give 9/10"
,Recommended,210970,28546642,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,LawnMowinCheeseBurgerEatingPrick,"Not a game for everyone. You have to be willing to move on and accept you can't solve a puzzle until you've gathered more information around the island.This game will take some patience, but if you enjoy being stumped, I think this game offers a lot of really great logic puzzles that consistently build on top of each other. Some of the puzzles that depend on abstract concepts (like extracting information from environment art) can feel obtuse, especially in some cases if you are color blind.The art and core mechanics of the game shine incredibly well. Without getting into spoiler territory, the implied story is great if you don't mind having a considerable number of loose ends. I believe the intention is to have thoughtful discussion with friends afterwards about the mechanics and the loose story."
,Recommended,210970,20921213,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Elrieve,"[Potential spoiler, if you are really intuitive]Me, five minutes into The Witness:""Huh, that kinda looks like... I wonder I can...  What the holy balls?!""And that's how I eventually found myself wandering through a luxury hotel listening to the game's credits.I have, am, and will enjoy this game a lot."
,Recommended,210970,20906189,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gorthrongulax,"If you like your puzzles difficult, densely packed, and well designed, the Witness is a wonderful game. Be warned though that if you need story, context, or variety in your puzzle format, the Witness can be to some a tiresome slog. The game has beautiful clarity of purpose across every connected component of the location, puzzles, and mechanics, but that purpose is beautiful delivery of puzzles. There's not much in the game but walking around in silence, and dragging lines across your screen.Its best feature is the difficulty ramp, one of the best I've seen in a long time. It's engagingly difficult, but with variety as well - you at times go from working through a difficult puzzle for 30 minutes to burning through an easy sequence of 5 in under a minute.Throughout the content I've seen (more than 20 hours worth, about a main-story-and-a-half worth of puzzles), the design in the Witness has so far never felt unfair. While I very much liked both the Talos Principle and Fez, they both felt to me like their difficulty spiked somewhat in the later, optional puzzle content. The Witness never has for a moment to me (though admittedly, I'm not done). In addition, the brilliance of the many independent puzzle sequences is that being temporarily stumped is just an opportunity to go explore and solve puzzles elsewhere.Again though, if you need a story, context, or a fundamental variety in mechanics to get you through the 20+ hours of difficult puzzles - and I really wouldn't blame you - best hold off."
,Recommended,210970,20926368,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Reasonableman,"It looks like Myst. It acts like Myst. It definitely isn't Myst. If you come to this game hungry for narrative, for explanation, for deeper meaning, you will (probably) be disappointed. It is a rumination, a meditation, and a careful, well-metered learning experience, speckled with puzzles and a few hidden secrets. When you bring Myst to the game, it is not the game that fails, but you.I recommend it, but only under the condition that you understand: it's simpler than it might seem, and more beautiful and peaceful for that simplicity."
,Recommended,210970,20906852,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Femtowarrior,A visualy stunning world of puzzles that will test your skills of thinking and perception. I expect this to be one game I always leave installed and ready for a time when I need to relax and expand my mind.
,Recommended,210970,20792616,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mehdi,"Before you know it, you'll be learning a new language. That is, if you are patient and willing. Not afraid of giving up, when the impossible feels impossible.This is a game about your journey. I will leave it at that, as any more would spoil this masterpiece."
,Recommended,210970,32894545,Posted: 27 June,all,Kajira,"Great puzzles, beatuiful art direction, amazing atmosphere. If you enjoy solving enigmas and finding secrets you'll love this game."
76561197964741115,Recommended,210970,20951133,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Bananana,"I can only recommend this game to people who has the patience to stick around for a puzzle in more than 5 minutes. The graphics are beautiful and understanding how to solve a certain set of puzzles is for me a very rewarding feeling. Even if sometimes a puzzle may take 1/2 hour to an hour to crack.The plot is however a really hard nut to crack since it is told by very subtle details seen around the island and through different tapes and videos scattered everywhere.The way the game forces you to rethink the way you think about old solved puzzles in order to understand the rules for later puzzles is something I don't thing iv'e seen in any other game before, almost every detail you see or hear in the game is there for a reason.I would recommend this game for anyone who has the patience for a harder than average puzzle game."
76561198063650348,Recommended,210970,20927445,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,joelanderssonswe,"The Witness is likely to be my favourite game of 2016. I love that there is no compromise and hand-holding in the sense that we most often see in modern games. Here you gain knowledge on how to solve the line/maze-puzzles by learning and by trial-and-error. There will be many hurdles on the way for the average player but the best moments in The Witness are found along the road rather than at the ending (which can still be great, given the right conditions, especially for those that have been observant to the buzz around the game during the weeks before launch). I have had goosebumps several times and literally stopped and laughed and applauded towards the screen when figuring out something I had been stuck with for a while. The game design is in this regard second to none. You will feel like a genius.This could probably not have been accomplished by a too large development team, risking that the overall vision would start to diverge. So when stuck, do what you can to avoid spoiling the game by looking up solutions. Go somewhere else on the island and you may find a sequence of easier puzzles that also may lead to revelations for how to solve the ones you left behind. I admit to have consulted a walk-through myself, but after I had first reached the ending and solved almost 500 puzzles. You may solve far less puzzles and will still be able to reach the ending. I am still playing, approaching 600 solved puzzles, due to that there are more of those great moments to be found.The colourful graphics looks pretty as well, running at a smooth 60fps. Then there are all these weird things scattered around the island that together with great sound design (no background music) adds a certain ambience to the experience.In conclusion, The Witness is a rare gem, utilizing the environmental design and other video game-unique features to present you with something truly amazing. I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who has passion for video games and who can live with it not always being a cake-walk. In truth we will probably not see a puzzle game as good as this one for many years to come."
,Recommended,210970,20946387,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,gunsakimbo,"Engaging and brilliant. Like an eye opening walk through a false wood, where suddenly a miniscule pattern of the overall quiltwork becomes obvious to you. You then trace that pattern, and expand it into deeper and more complex systems, slowly piecing together how the entire world works. This is where you get hooked, that excitement of figuring out the next small iteration that you're already oh-so-close to seeing clearly. If you love the feeling of personal discovery, of learning the rules of a system through your own analysis, experiments, and processing, this is a must play. If you're not sure what that means, and are hesitant to pay the full price without knowing, I recommend checking out Blueberry Garden, as it's under $5. If you find yourself enjoying discovering the rules of that world through your own experimentation, The Witness is a massive and much deeper expansion of that feeling."
,Recommended,210970,20906930,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sapph,"I have more or less ""finished"" this game after 38 hours of playtime. I have some non-puzzle content to wrap up (e.g. hunting down audio logs), but am mostly done with the meat of the game at 515 (out of an alleged 523) puzzles solved. I have achieved both of the games only achievements and experienced what some would call the ""secret ending"".What an excellent game this is.The basic mechanic - the line puzzle - is utilized very well. Maybe half of the puzzles involve symbols on the puzzle panel that you must divine the meaning of in order to proceed. The other half present you with effectively blank slate of a panel and expect you to figure out the pattern it wants you to trace. The line drawing is therefore an input mechanic for puzzles solved ""externally"" from the panel itself just as much as it is a way to solve puzzles that present themselves to you with no frills.The world is split into several puzzle ""hubs"", and from about 5 minutes into the game you are set free on the island to pursue them in any order. Most of them are independent of each other, but a few leverage knowledge learned from other areas. Eventually you will be expected to combine techniques and puzzle language from each hub area in the games most challenging and rewarding puzzles.The island itself is gorgeous and beautifully realized. It is one of the single most meticulously designed video sets I have ever had the pleasure of exploring. Nearly everything on the island is placed with purpose.If I had to complain, it's that the plot is mostly insubstantial; wispy and tenuous. Given some of the messaging within the game itself and the philosophies it describe, this isn't a true negative but I imagine some people will be disappointed. The puzzles and exploring the island are truly their own reward and the very loose narrative provide just a small bit of flavor.If you remotely enjoy puzzles then do yourself the favor of buying this game."
,Recommended,210970,20937015,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,rutiancoren,"This is a game that's masterfully done. It hasn't been out for that long, but I have played it for about 30 hours.First thing's first, yes, there's only one kind of puzzle. However, that puzzle evolves in such a way that the puzzle never becomes boring or repetitive. Now, there will be those who might disagree with this, but if you don't want to sit down and solve puzzles, puzzle games aren't for you anyway.The graphics... Oh my God the graphics... So nice to look at. And they don't really need to be for a puzzle game. But this beautiful island they've created affects the gameplay and mood in such a fulfilling way. Really well designed.The secret videos that you collect I absolutely loved, and the different sound bits here and there really makes you want to find more, listen to more, watch more.Now, gameplay-wise I have a few problems which I will be listing down below:1) The sound puzzle doesn't fit into the game. It really sticked out to me like it belonged somewhere else but not in this game.2) The end game puzzles are a bit too complicated, and I think it damages the overall flow of the game in general.3) I believe all your progress shouldn't be erased when you complete the game. I wanted to finish first and then go back for totems, but now that I have lost all my progress I really don't think I will go back to do all those puzzles I have already done, again.Overall, a magnificent game. Easily worth the money."
,Not Recommended,210970,20862918,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,zaeta,"I find alot of the puzzles really challenging and I've been stuck on quite a few for a decent amount of time, not because they are very hard because I found the solutions rather quick on some, but how you execute them, which has to be very precise at some points making it very tedious.I'm not the biggest on puzzle games. I simply went ahead and got it because it was a long time since I played a puzzle game and the visuals appealed to me.First game in a long time I actually regret buying.TLDR: The game are beautiful, the puzzles are challenging but tedious at times. Go get it if you are a die-hard puzzle fan. If not, wait until it's on sale."
76561198030043138,Recommended,210970,20969588,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Queen of Marigold,"This game is simply stunning - the art style and island itself is a lovely, serene place. The optical illusions and visual easter eggs make exploration a true pleasure and there were a number of times when I just sat back and admired the view. In a time when dark and 'gritty' games are the norm it's also refreshing to see such vibrant colours.The puzzle system can be infuriating and a few times I found myself struggling to make logic leaps or getting answers but not understanding WHY they were correct, but for the most part I thought the tutorial system of puzzle learning was pretty effective and felt very rewarding. The lack of any narration or explanation of what was happening or what you needed to do made the experience extra calming - you really do work at your own pace. You can stop and go to another section without feeling guilty or stressed about how many quests and objectives you have left to complete: the whole island is quite happy to go on without you, and it will all still be there when you're ready to try a section again.If you enjoy puzzles and looking at things that are pretty you should definitely buy this game!"
,Recommended,210970,20972759,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Capitão Golfinho,"This game is for a nish audince. The best way I can think of recomendind this game is if you liked math homework, you will problably LOVE this game. It does not have much math, per se, in it but it does have a lot of logic and learnig systems."
,Recommended,210970,34553661,Posted: 28 August,all,Resident_Tofu,"Still working on a total 100% completion (if this game truly does not hold any more secrets), but I managed to acquire all whopping two achievements so you know I've experienced enough to give an opinion.Talking about this game at all is rife with spoiler-y landmines.  On a surface level, the game is about solving line puzzles and seeing how far that mechanic can be stretched or reinvented.  If you enjoy puzzle games (and especially those with a sense of adventure), you'll probably like this game.However, there is a subtext at play that explores themes and ideas.  I won't say what, because there is a joy of discovery.  Or perhaps because I might be wrong.  You might draw different conclusions.  And we would both be right, and wrong, to various degrees.  Perhaps this is one such spoiler.This is why it's difficult to talk about this game, so...  ABSTRACT SPOILERS HERE:One of the themes seems to be 'perspectives', which becomes apparent as you play in various ways.  I'd say another is 'communications', and while ideas are conveyed through various AV means in-game, there is more that is communicated via how you interact with the game.  There is the theme of 'experiences', and this game presents a wide range of them to the player.  Curiosity.Wonder.  Awe.  Bemusement.  Frustration.  Excitement.  Boredom.  There seems to be a symmetry, or synergy, that relates all of these and the other ideas together, which brings me to my final theme: 'connections'.  You don't just connect lines from beginning to end.  You connect and piece together ideas that help you find solutions to the puzzles and perhaps find something deeper.Or maybe I'm trying too hard to sound pretentious.  But it is hard to describe whatThe Witnessis about eloquently in words because its ideas are so nebulous.  That is why this game exists.  Many have referred to the ""walking simulator"" genre as ""art games"", and some are deserving of that title, yetThe Witnessreally feels like it's trying to express art in a way  that is unique to games.  There is also some great tech in this game that might take a while to appreciate, but if you everchallengeyourself to discover what more this game has, then you are treated to sequences of moments that leave you satisfied.If this review has piqued your interest at all, allow me to offer some advice.  Don't approach this game as another title to be 'beaten'.  Be patient with it.  Treat it like the Sunday morning crossword.  Allow yourself the time to indulge in it and, perhaps as importantly, let yourself have time away from it and come back.  You may be surprised by what you take away with you during that intermission, and learn what has changed within you upon your return."
,Recommended,210970,30565546,Posted: 17 March,all,Dark Sarcasm,"The Witness is a game of exceptional puzzles... But I would not call it an exceptional puzzle game. The puzzles, and the way this game promotes learning are outstanding. But, the thing about The Witness, is that it's not a traditional ""game"" experience. It focuses entirely on the puzzles, and does not include other aspects you often find in games, like a variety in mechanics, or story. The sole mechanic of the game is interacting with the puzzles, and the entire story is hidden behind the ending. Therefore, your experience of the game will be a loop of finding and completing more puzzles. I have a video discussing this for those interested -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gD8ulaBX_pYThe Witness nails what it aims to do. The thing is, what it aims to do is not for everyone. If you are a fan of puzzles (not just puzzle games), I highly recommend playing this game, you will likely love learning about the puzzle rules and experiencing how much there is to discover on the island. However, if puzzles aren't your thing, you may not enjoy playing this one. That said, you still might want to look up some things about the game. Even if you don't enjoy its puzzles, you may find the design of the game fascinating regardless."
76561198049062078,Not Recommended,210970,21196023,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Fey,"The witness is an excedingly challenging game, but not in a fun way.Game that are challenging in a fun way have puzzles that really make you think. Puzzles that challenge your mind to look at a situation in a new way and that leave you feeling acomplished when you finally solve them. The Witness does do this at times, but a good portion of the challenges presented in this don't fit that criteria. Instead of making you think in a new way, they challenge you to be at just the perfect angle to make the puzzle work. You know what needs to be done, you just have to spend 5 minutes getting the exact right spot. Or the puzzle will flash in a series of colors that leaves you with a headache so that you can only do one or two at a time before having to take a break simply because it hurts your eyes. It's not fun, it's frustrating and leaves you feeling upset and argavated because you just want the game to be over!Portal is challenging in a fun way. Myst is challenging in a fun way. The Witness is not. If this game goes on sale for $10 or less, then I'd say go ahead and check it out if you're curious, but the $40 pice is a total ripoff.Edit: Btw, my total play time is actually about 10 hours. Whenever I'd get frustrated I'd normally just leave the game running in the background while I went and did something else. I didn't realize steam would count that as time played."
,Recommended,210970,21014111,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"The Witness is a meticulously crafted puzzle game that uses and expands on one single puzzle design concept.Every puzzle in The Witness is solved by drawing a continuous, non-overlapping line from a starting point to an end point. The puzzles start simple, such as navigating a simple maze, and slowly become more complex, adding symbols to the two dimensional puzzle board that changes how the entire puzzle must be solved.The world of The Witness is made up of one entire island, with no loading screens, and many types of environments all co-existing seamlessly. The island contains many secrets and details that you won't notice at first, but slowly over time you will discover their meanings. Puzzles are strewn across the island, typically grouped together with a common theme. You will need to solve simple tutorial-types first, before moving on to harder puzzles. If you get stuck at any point you will typically want to walk around and explore more and come back later. Some puzzles really stumped me for a long length of time, until I came back with a fresh mindset. Many puzzles will require you to use the environment around you, which made things quite interesting.Some of the puzzles in the game had mechanics that I did not enjoy at all, and actually had a very hard time doing. Some mechanics were over-done and tended to not do anything interesting, but still existed in quantity, which became tedious feeling. In many ways I would have preferred less puzzles. For all the others, I really enjoyed them, especially this one area where you are forced to do puzzle after puzzle in order to actually progress forward at all. There are over 500 puzzles, and many are quite difficult, especially near the end of the game. This game is downright challenging, but can be tackled slowly over time.The island is mostly open to exploration, but many areas you will find “locked” until you learn more about how to open them up. Because of your ability to wander the island, it’s entirely possible you find puzzles that are over your head, leaving you the feeling that the game is just too hard or obscure. A person that stumbles upon the puzzles in the perfect order of difficulty will likely enjoy the game much, much more, and find it easier to play through.The game as a whole can feel overly perfected to the point of feeling dead. For example, you can’t even jump at all. Being in a three-dimensional environment without the ability to jump from one ledge to another feels really bad… many times you’ll walk around and get stuck on a corner briefly and have to reposition. That being said, the game isn’t designed for jumping…. If you could jump even a little bit in this game, the entire thing would be broken… this is how specifically crafted everything is.The most interesting thing about the island are the secrets hidden in plain sight... there are a ton of puzzles that can only be accessed if you're very observant or have heard about how to get to them. The entire island is very interconnected which is an amazing feeling compared to level design of every other game. The island's use of colors and patterns is extremely creative, as is the visual play on player ""perspective."" If you’re an experienced player, you can look at any screenshot from the game and pretty much pinpoint where they are on the island based on colors and uniqueness. That’s incredible.Another design choice was to have no background music. I heard about this a lot prior to playing, about how all of the sounds come from you or the island itself. I thought this was clever, but in the end I really feel like a well-crafted soundtrack would have actually benefitted the game. Many times I was stuck solving a puzzle for a length of time, and I would just hear some repeating ambient sounds, which made it feel like I was taking much longer on a puzzle than I actually was. Music would have really set the mood for each area of the island that you visit, as well.The biggest letdown was the lack of a REAL story. There are audio logs and video recordings hidden very scattered around the island, and they seem to talk about more abstract ideas. You will find them so sparingly that keeping them in your mind while playing is pretty much not going to happen. A real narrative would have been appreciated, and would have helped deliver a driving force into completing the game. Currently, your only motivation is to ""solve all the puzzles"" and ""hope to unlock more areas."" Near the end of the game things get interesting, but there ends up not being much meaning at all… the ending of the game was the absolute biggest letdown of the game… a game that takes 20+ hours of puzzles and leaves you going… “is that it?”I got a lot of enjoyment out of The Witness, but it isn’t a perfect game, and in its strive for perfection it comes off not evoking any real emotion or strong feelings. I’m extremely impressed with the design and details of the world, and the challenge that the puzzles bring for how simplistic they are. If you love puzzles and figuring things out, there’s a TON of content here for you. This is the closest game in the style of MYST you will find. If you don’t enjoy those things, then this game doesn’t have anything for you at all."
,Recommended,210970,27870485,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Xyrion,"TL;DR: If you like learning and want to understand the puzzles rather than just solve them so you can move on, than this is the game for you.The Witness is a game that has many challenging obstacles to overcome, but it is also fair if you have done your homework. If you just rush through the early puzzles, it might bite you later in the♥♥♥♥♥ I see the game as metaphor for the process of learning.And it is also an astonishing game set in a beautiful visual and acoustic environment in which you can stop and take a deep breath for a moment to relax your mind after a hard challenge. For me it is not something you want to rush, it is more a game you want to experience with a comfortable pace so you don't end in a state of tunnel vision. And if you sometimes look to your left and right you can discover something amazing that might get you to say “This game!” with a grin in your face."
,Recommended,210970,20781783,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Xan,"Myst, The Talos Principle, Antichamber. If any of those call to you, this game evokes a blend of those.I played for the launch evening far into the night, and will be hungrily back for more. Those ""Eureka!"" moments are a drug.How the game starts - being thrown in the world without as much as a title screen - is the attitude of that game. You are an intruder in its world, and it will not hold your hand, or explain itself to you. And yet the puzzles are paced in a way that lets you decipher what is required of you without much roadblocks.Some people are criticizing this as an elaborate menu for choosing maze puzzles to solve. Those people clearly didn't play it long enough: the environment comes solidly into play as a puzzle element.Beautiful, polished, clever and makes your brain work out. Heartily recommended to any puzzle lover."
,Not Recommended,210970,21195288,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[VA]Strikes,"I always recommended the game just for the amazing artistry and envrionmental design. The colors are outstanding and vibrant. It's almost more enjoyable of a game, just to go walking around and taking in the sights.The main reason I don't recommend the game, is that the puzzles aren't nearly as rewarding enough. The game has a few insightful points to it, where the puzzles do allow you to watch some interesting videos that are, again, insightful.I also give the thumbs down because the cost-to-fun ratio is really off, in my opinion. At most, it's a $20 USD game; so if you are still interested, hold out for a sale.You get dropped into the game without any kind of tutorial or direction. While I can appreciate that; I don't feel like they pulled it off right. I found myself in the 'middle' of puzzle sets all the time, making life much more harder for me. The game does try and 'teach' you how the puzzle sets work, as they're all different, but if you don't start off right at the beginning of a set, you'll have a really big headache.They really missed out on a lot of areas where they could make the game more enjoyable/rewarding; like completing a puzzle changed/restored part of the world, or something, or unlocked more clues/insightful events. Even some kind of Stats; like when I solved a puzle, if it was able to show me how I rated among everyone else that played the game, that would be cool.This game is better off being an IQ Test for the top 100 IQ's in the world. It's pretty hard and it's going to make you think. Get your Advil ready..."
76561198020583043,Recommended,210970,20914959,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Scortius,"The puzzles are so perfectly constructed.  The attention to detail is amazing.  So many times I've found something new or solved a puzzle that's taken my breath away or made me just laugh outright.  I love being in this world.  Thank you, Jonathan."
,Recommended,210970,20914762,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,sgtFloyd,"Jonathan Blow does it again with this meticulously crafted, immensely satisfying open-world puzzler. The sense of discovery and achievement inspired by The Witness is unparalleled."
,Recommended,210970,20907128,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Malcheior Sveth,"There are plenty of reviews explaining positive points about this game, so I'd like to address two specific criticisms having sunk a fair amount of time into it and continually being surprised at how well put together the world is and how satisfying the puzzle solving is:1) 'The Talos Principle did it better, and there was a real story.' I love The Talos Principle, but the games aren't really comparable in design - The Talos Principle, with few exceptions (some of the harder stars) confines its puzzles to very clear boundaries and the levels don't interact with each other. The Witness throws that out the window, with puzzles building together and the player's perspective of the level changing what puzzles are available and solvable. The two games play by different sets of rules.As far as a story goes, I don't really feel like it's lacking in this game. That's not to say that there is a complex or compelling narrative presented, but it doesn't need more than it has. The real narrative is how you the player interact with your environment, and that's sufficient (and certainly better than a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥story shoehorned into the environment would have been)2) 'It's just a bunch of mobile game puzzles in a pretty island.' Anyone who says this didn't get very far in the game. It has a pretty gentle difficulty curve at first, so I can see how you would get that impression. The way the player interacts with the world is via panels with little maze puzzles on them. If you play the first 45 minutes to an hour of the game, it teaches you the first few maze mechanics in quick succession, so that's the main focus. Once you start exploring, it becomes apparent that the mazes aren't really the majority of the puzzles. They're merely how you communicate your understanding of the puzzles' solutions to the game.For example:In the desert area, the main mechanic is reflections. You communicate your understanding by seeing how to complete a maze via bright light shining directly on them. The real puzzle is figuring out how to set up the angles between you and the light sources correctly.In the greenhouse, the main mechanic is colored light changing groups of painted squares that have to be separated in the mazes. The real puzzle is figuring out how to view each maze so that it has a set of colors with a completable solution (and, a step further, using multiple colors to figure out the pigments without being able to see them with unfiltered light).As far as I can tell, the most complex mechanic is how the optional puzzles are baked into the world - the environment itself contains hidden visual puzzles that trigger black obelisks to light up with the area's patterns.I'm enjoying this game a lot. It's definitely not for everyone, but if you like being presented with interesting problems, banging your head against a problem only to realize the solution was right in front of you 20 minutes later, and then being satisfied that you figured it out, this game is really fun. It does a great job of teaching the mechanics to the player, and then pushing your thinking.Also, it's a really pretty."
,Recommended,210970,20906833,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Tacar,"The most unique, challenging and enjoyable games since I first fell in love with Braid. My advice: don't spoil anything for yourself. Be as blind as possible and trust that this game will blow you away."
,Recommended,210970,24509218,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,hotbagels,"If you get through this game without using any guides whatsoever you're probably mensa material or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game gives little direction, sometimes this is annoying but it adds to the mystique of the island. However, maybe I was wrong to exepct this, but I thought it would be a more story driven puzzle game like The Talos Principle or something. I want to know who I am and why I'm solving all these crazy hard puzzles. What did I witness? I just wish the game wasn't so barren of any information, both the puzzles and the story. Don't buy this expecting a story that will keep you solving puzzles, and don't buy it if you don't like challenging puzzles because you'll just get frustrated. The puzzles are well done, but a lot of the time I feel like a good amount of the difficulty comes from ignorance of what I'm trying to accomplish. Sometimes the puzzles that are meant to teach you about new challenges are so small you can complete them by chance. Also, sometimes I just didn't understand a section and had to give up. The island is beautiful and designed very intelligently. I recommend it, if it's on sale."
,Recommended,210970,31230478,Posted: 18 April,all,Evil Trout,"The WItness is one of the best games I've ever played. It's crushingly difficult at times, so I recommend moving on to other areas of the island if you get stuck. Don't try and rush the game: take breaks if you are tired or frustrated and come back to it when you feel refreshed.The beauty of the game for me is how it teaches you concepts non-verbally, and those concepts turn into a language that you build upon from first principles until you're solving much more complicated puzzles than you ever expected to. It felt like playing a Metrodvania game, except instead of gaining new abilities to access new areas you gained knowledge of concepts to solve puzzles.In the end I felt like the whole experience was a meditation on learning. I thought a lot about how I learn personally, and that was truly profound. Highly recommended."
76561198118039676,Recommended,210970,29606610,Posted: 31 January,all,Shina (Temporarily Inactive),"The best 20$ Ive ever spent in my life. You will never get an experience like The Witness anywhere else out there. I would say this game is perfect. The puzzles- perfect, the graphics- perfect, the sounds- perfect, the overall feel-perfect. I'm more of a guy who loves multiplayer games, but this one was a charm.Easily 10/10"
76561198035455533,Recommended,210970,20938987,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,jjmendez,"I'm tempted to call this the videogame equivalent of a puzzle magazine, comparable to a magazine filled with hundreds of puzzles with zero plot or driving force behind your desire to complete it. If you want to buy a series of line puzzles set on a beautiful backdrop, buy this game. If not, don't."
,Recommended,210970,20937257,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,racast5,Definitely worth the price for the amount of things you can discover in this game.
,Recommended,210970,35112673,Posted: 21 September,all,andremonsev,"Some people say this game is pretentious, meaning that's a problem. Well, it may be a valid point of view, but that's not a fact. It's an opinion, obviously. Something is pretentious to someone based on what that person is used to ""consume"".From my point of view, it's not pretentious at all. It's ""deep"" (it really is, it does not try to be, it accomplishes in being deep). If you're not into questioning yourself, what you see, who you are, what kind of things you notice in the world and the reasons that makes you notice them; if you're not into semiotics and etc you'll probably don't like it very much. It still gonna be a good looking game (artistically speaking), with some nice puzzle mechanics, but sooner or later it will become repetitive and uninteresting.On the other hand, if you're open to have a philosophically experience, then you should try this game. Witness will make you think, question, and it's gonna provoke you some great, amazing epiphanies. It really is that great."
,Not Recommended,210970,20776717,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Jay-Nic,"First and foremost: I have had to base this review on a two hour play time. Reasoning: as of the date of this review: two hours is the maximum play time you can have a game for in order to request a refund if so desired. I desired that refund.Moving on.My criticisms are for puzzles, and gameplay. They are not against style, art, sound, assets etc. If this was a flash game from 5 years ago: I'd have the same concerns as I do now.This was not a relaxing game for meI found this game stressful, and at times frustrating. When I encountered the pathing puzzles: I quickly learned that navigating the maze was simply not enough. There was a particular method that was needed in order to solve all the puzzles in a given set. This makes sense to me. Find the overall method of solving a solution, and you can solve the rest of the puzzles with a little bit of elbow grease.Kind of like a 'teach a man to fish' scenario.But then the game decided that it no longer wanted me to do that. I attempted to solve a puzzle in the manner in which the game had taught me; only to find that it's rules had now arbitrarily changed.Had I misunderstood the rules? Had I just fluked out? Where there rules I was missing?Honestly with the time constraint that I had: I simply had to locate a guide online and use it's solution... And that's when I got frustrated. The solution in the guide was simply an alternate solution than the one I had attempted.RepetitionIn my mind: the worse thing in a puzzle game is repeating the same puzzle over again. By their very nature: the vast majority of puzzle games suffer from a lack of replay value. I get that, and I accept it. We've all played the Portal series, and forced ourselves to forget it so we can enjoy playing it again in 6-8 months.There was a part in my playthrough of this game where I failed to solve a pathfinding puzzle. Instead of letting me attempt again: the game reverted thepreviouspuzzle to a non solved state, and forced me to re-enter that one too. The worst part was that the puzzle was stillvisibly solved, and I jsut had to trace over what I had already done. Why?The restriction of movement felt like a time-sink mechanic rather than a gameplay mechanicThere is no jumping or crouching. The game is not about physically demanding puzzles, and that's fine. However there are invisible wallseverywhere.A minor ledge of say - half a metre - is an impass. It makes me have to walk back and forth between puzzles and areas the long way every time.I get it; the game is gorgeous and you want people to experience the environment. But I couldn't help but feel like I was just a slave to the world's path, and not person taking a place within it.On top of that, your character is slow to move. I found I was constantly holding the shift button to sprint, and my pinky got cramped. He also seems to have this strange acceleration when beginning to move in a direction. Starting off slow, and speeding up. While true to life: it feels out of place and indeed seems to serve no purpose in this particular game.All in all: I do wish I had more time with it - (Thank steam). If these types of issues are not that important to you: then I can reccomend this game. For me: it was simply not what I expected."
,Recommended,210970,20778888,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,natie,"To be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of Braid, although I played through the entirety of it. The Witness, on the other hand, is another animal entirely. The game plays as well as it looks, and even the generous screenshots don't really capture how gorgeous this game is. Anyone that writes off this game as ""just line puzzles"" doesn't really get the point of this game. Sure, you interact with all of the puzzles in the same way, but the real purpose of The Witness is the process of solving the puzzles. Even in the first few hours of playing, I must say that some of the ways the game approaches puzzles are downright genius and require not just logic, but creativity, attentiveness to surroundings, and other skillsets not usually emphasized in video games. Interaction with the player is subtle but always fair, so challenges are sometimes tough but never unreasonable.The Witness is a marvel of game design which has already given me more ""A-ha!"" moments than any game in recent memory.$40 is very steep for an indie price tag, but this game really is a labor of love and is oozing deliberate, intelligent design."
76561197983426637,Recommended,210970,20782992,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,TheOne4,Thought I was clever... then became witness to my own stupidity..
,Recommended,210970,20860034,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Awpteamoose,"It's a puzzle game with over 600 of very similarly looking 2d puzzles, where you guide a line through a panel. The puzzles are not the same though, far from it. Unlike games like Portal or The Talos Principle, the progression is not expressed as harder puzzles, but different ones. New mechanics are introduced, old mechanics are combined or altered and it goes all the way until the ending. I've only been stuck on two puzzles, one of the two being an optional extra difficult one.Yes, it is pretty much a necessity for an average human being to take screnshots and make drawings, but I don't see a problem in that. This game is well worth the effort. I mean, I'm not even a huge fan of puzzle games, but this one has managed to keep me interested all the way.There are audiologs which carry not so much a plot as much a message this game is trying to convey. I'm far from philosophy, but it makes an interesting point I haven't considered before. Made me look up some reading material, so there's that.Other than that, the game looks and sounds amazing."
,Recommended,210970,20979398,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Eddi,"Seems to be one of those games that you either love or hate. I love it, trying to figure out new puzzle mechanics while trying to figure out some of the background stories of the island. One of the best gaming experiences I've had in a long long time! That said, this game is definitely not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,210970,20785083,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Coutzy,"I want to like this game, I really do. But it really feels like I'm taking a scantron test while sitting in front of a window with a particularly nice view. Except in the scantron test I don't have to keep walking back and forth to each question. Also a test explains the rules of the game before you start.This game feels more like playing football except you weren't told you're allowed to throw the ball, so all you can do is run at all the other guys until something works. It's VERY easy to make something hard and challenging if you don't give any indication of what the player is supposed to do.Perhaps I'm just an idiot, but when the three 'warm-up' puzzles of each section are so brain deadedly simple that when I get to the real puzzles from those rules I still don't understand what the goal is, something is wrong."
,Recommended,210970,20993687,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Luun,"Phenomenal puzzle game.  It really challenges you, but rewards you for delving pretty deep into how the various mechanics all really work.  The only downside is that if you get stuck on a puzzle (and there are very very many), eventually you'll need to solve it to move forward.  But the internet is there for you if you really can't figure out one of them."
76561198149598586,Recommended,210970,26298575,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Bean,"Really a great game. It's different and refreshing. I love it that you're free to go where you please and slowly learn how to solve each type of puzzle. I also found it facinating how the designers took the line puzzle mechanic and kept it interesting and challenging thoughout the whole game. And don't think your done once you've finished it... there's still so many things to discover.If you like games like The Talos Principle, you'll like this too."
,Recommended,210970,33247572,Posted: 4 July,all,Sandman1973,"This, as others have said, is not a game for everyone. I however loved it as can be seen by the 37+ hours at this point!The island is lovely and the puzzles interesting. Yes they all involve drawing a line from A to B. Yes, there are some frustrations, but when the realisation follows it's rewarding and things don't seem as difficult after all.I'm proud to have completed it with a score of 430+26 without looking anything up and enjoyed the journey from A to B."
76561197970755891,Recommended,210970,31136870,Posted: 14 April,all,jthorne,"Genius. There, I said it.For everyone who said Jonathan Blow's writing in Braid was ""pretentious"" I would submit that this problem is addressed in The Witness by the fact that they're all quotes from actual historical figures of some merit (mostly.)The audio logs and videos do tell a story, but it's the story of the perpetual, fundamental tug-of-war between knowledge and experience. I'm a hardcore empiricist and skeptic. I Loved the Burke and Feynman videos. But even though the Gangaji and Spira speeches are total crazy-making garbage, there's a tiny grain of truth behind them. There is nothing of empirical value there; in fact, the content is demonstrably false. But they do present a way of approaching experience that is meditative and slow. Along with all of the audio logs from religious figures, they point at a way humans experience existence that is not empirical, and which has some value, in that it tells us something about experience itself.I say this because attempting to solve all the puzzles in a sitting is almost impossible. You have to walk away, possibly even for an extended period, and come back. Let your brain rest and reset. I got stuck and unstuck many times, having to walk away, sometimes for a day. And certainly, the environmental easter eggs do require you to walk around with your eyes open and your finger off the run button. The Tarkovsky video clip is a perfect metaphor, as well as a demonstration. I'm a big fan. I've seen several of his films and they are not for the impatient. In a footrace between Tarkovsky and Bela Tarr, I wonder if they would compete to see who could finish last.The game mechanics are a perfect reflection of the knowledge/experience dichotomy. While direct experience has no empirical value, it does directly affect our human ability to process information. And the game is also perfectly consistent: Empirical knowledge (the puzzles) leads to more empirical knowledge (more puzzles.) Turning all of the columns white does...nothing of any measurable value, other than the experience itself. Noteworthy is that it is necessary to solve all of the puzzles in order to have all of the environmental experiences. So I ask you, what has more value to human existence?That's what The Witness is asking, and demonstrating.Also, it's super fun. But then, I also enjoy Tarkovsky.Also, The Challenge under the mountain is awesome. If you haven't completed that, you're missing out. The final video it unlocks is a sly wink at the whole project (664 puzzles? Really? Cute.) Again, Blow didn't write it."
76561197970582726,Recommended,210970,20984051,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,cazychel,"Outstanding puzzle/exploration game that uses exactly one type of puzzle to deliver the maximum of variance - which is a lot, actually.Simply put: This game is amazing. What at first glance looks like a disjointed marriage of plain puzzles and superficial surroundings, quickly reverts that impression into something very new, and very intelligently put together."
,Recommended,210970,33170038,Posted: 2 July,all,DeRedComet,Great
,Recommended,210970,20877415,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,JorisCeoen (GamingReviews),"The Witness is a puzzle FPS for the hardcore natured veterans of the genre, although it opens itself to anyone that is willing to surrender to its merciless complexity that is layered with multiple levels of depth in both technical understanding and visual feedback.Unless you are absolutely against puzzles, in which case you would really wish to stay away from its grasp, then you will most certainly appreciate its novel approach in teaching you how to solve the same, relatively simple concept, in more than 430 ways imaginable.Absolutely recommended, and a must-have for diehard puzzle molders.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UroJCwfPM8s"
,Not Recommended,210970,24032172,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Babomancer,"The puzzles are unique and challenging, but overall the game didn't amaze me. I have very mixed feelings because parts of the game were very satisfying but a lot of it was contrived and frustrating if you don't immediately catch every subtle hint. I largely agree with the video review by Joseph Anderson:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZokQov_aH0And I recommend the Talos Principle over this, for a game in the same vein."
76561198024153634,Recommended,210970,26108612,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Jemini,"It's a game design wet dream of how to subtly implement a whole array of mechanics through increasingly complex, but similar, puzzles. The use of background and scenery to solve puzzles put the biggest smile on my face. Extrensic motivation through exploration helps too. It's nothing but puzzles, some secrets, and a beautiful world. I adore it but I know some people will hate it or not appreciate it (which is absoultely fine!). It's made for the people who smile when finishing a puzzle, who do jigsaws in their spare time, and crosswords when they're bored."
76561198034571381,Recommended,210970,20961210,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,jk guys,"The best part about The Witness is when everything for a puzzle clicks, you realize all you need to solve what's in front of you, and you feel like a genius for having thought of it.  This game is essentially an open world series of those moments, boiled down to a science.It's not for everyone.  The Witness has surprisingly few elements to it, but it is world class at what it does, and not many games do it.  What is it?  Why, making you feel like a clever son of a ♥♥♥♥♥, that's what, but you'll definitely have to earn that feeling.  The most similar game is probably Myst, though I'd be careful to not make too close a comparison, as their approach to puzzle solving is radically different.  There's no question in this game if you have what you need to solve something.If you like puzzles, you'll love this game.  Just keep in mind that the game doesn't try to provide you with much more, other than some pretty scenery and some wanderlust.  There's no music or story to speak of, and there is almost no direction.  Just interconnected puzzles on an open world island that doesn't care if you can figure it out or not.  That needs to sound at least somewhat interesting to you, otherwise this will be a waste of money.  I can't emphasize it enough, you HAVE to enjoy puzzles on a fundamental level to really enjoy this game, and it is oh so worth it if you do.And yes, the whole game uses that line puzzle formula.  It sounds limiting, but it actually makes the game feel a lot more clever and organized than it otherwise would.  I wouldn't let that be a barrier to entry."
,Recommended,210970,20917915,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ObsoleteBubbles,This game made me want to rip out my hair a few times.10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,210970,23772745,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,pinacoladaxb,"A gorgeous game with a powerful message. The Witness treats you as an intelligent player, rather than triggering a false player perception of intelligence common to many adventure games today. It upholds the idea that everyone possess the innate power to understand anything, given that it is explained well enough. The Witness is thought-provoking, difficult, and absolutely beautiful. Every moment on the island is its own reward. I recommend staying away from online walkthroughs because your relationship and struggle with the game is part of its message."
,Recommended,210970,25357950,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Kable Channel,"This is a game of discovery, which makes it difficult to talk about without ""spoiling"" something, so I'll just tell you what it's not:1. It's not an action game (duh).2. It's not an infinite procedurally generated universe (and costs / glitches less too).3. It's not a story-based game (though the lore is real with this one).4. It's not particularly ""generous"" with its rewards. No confetti, no new tools, no cake. Plus, most prizes for solving puzzles are simply doors being opened and the satisfaction of a job well done.5. It's not a jukebox. Don't expect any music in this game.If none of these truths deter you, you just might love this game like I do."
76561197970281251,Recommended,210970,20925215,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,jmzero,"Excellent puzzles, great atmosphere, great game.To elaborate a bit: I like puzzles, but too often puzzles aren't ""fair"".  You solve them by bashing them, by trying a bunch of stuff or you happen into an answer - but you groan because you didn't actually do any interesting thinking, or the correct ""answer"" isn't better than others you've tried.  Out of hundreds of puzzles in Witness, there was only 2 or 3 that I didn't like.  Almost all were fair and many were a real solid level of difficulty.And a few were just amazing: difficult but fair, requiring a combination of lateral thinking, cleverness and deduction.  I really like puzzles where you can solve them through a series of small realizations, rather than just finding the ""whole answer"" all at once - and that was a core feature here.  There was some absolutely beautiful moments in this game.Overall: a puzzle game that belongs in a very short list with classics like Braid or Portal."
76561198011301188,Recommended,210970,20918422,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Screem,"The Witness is a beautiful game and probably the best puzzle game I've played since Portal/Portal 2.The only negative I have to say is that the openness of the game can sometimes put you in a situation where you ask yourself; ""Is this really the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial for this thing?"" - but this is only a minor complaint.I rate it ""cosy, beautiful and challenging"" / 10."
,Recommended,210970,20958021,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Soluna^,This game has entirely taken over my life.My office is littered with puzzle doodles and notes.I think about the island all day at work.I picture ways to go about solving puzzles all waking day.I dream about the island at night.10/10 would recommend walking around with no idea what's going on while listening a recording of an Astronaut talk about life.
76561197977862426,Recommended,210970,20962182,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Fuscus,"This is a game full of engaging, difficult puzzles and gorgeous art direction.It is also a game that is comes across as smugly content with its philosophizing, believing that it's much more profound than it is*, in a way that I found intensely irritating. It wasn't enough to sink my enjoyment, but it came close. It hints at mysteries and some sort of narrative, but in the end it's just a set of empty symbols to project onto rather than anything coherent. It's not what I had hoped for in those regards.Basically, the actual gameplay is satisfying enough for me to recommend it even though if it had a face it'd look exactly like Martin Shkreli.*It's possible that it just went whooshing over my head, but I don't think so."
,Recommended,210970,20963146,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,JZig,"One of the best puzzle games I've played personally, but to enjoy it you need to enjoy logic puzzles and close visual inspection. It doesn't hold your hand at all, and gets very difficult at the end."
,Recommended,210970,20963201,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Wideman,I haven't been able to pull myself away from this game. It's so beautiful and has so many challenging puzzles. I'd highly reccommend this for anyone who can see the excitement of getting stuck on a puzzle and figuring it out on your own by observing the world around you!
,Recommended,210970,20963775,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,PYROMANT|C,"The Witness is an absolutely beautifully crafted game, both from an aesthetic point of view and the novel craftsmanship of its puzzles. It’s amazing to see how such a simple idea, drawing a line from one point to another, can be given such mechanical complexity. Taking that one step further and including the very world itself as part of the mechanics is an inspired achievement, one that blew me away when I finally figured it out. However the repetitive nature of the puzzles, coupled with the lack of narrative to drive you forward through those puzzles, makes it hard to keep coming back after a while. The Witness is most certainly a testament to Jonathan Blow’s dedication to perfection in all things he sets out to create however it falls short of acquiring the “must play” status that his seminal title did. Overall I believe The Witness is certainly worth playing, just maybe not to its ultimate conclusion.Read my full review here:https://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2016/02/05/the-witness-the-world-is-but-a-puzzle-for-you-to-solve/"
76561198042980006,Recommended,210970,23110840,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Krombopoulos Michael,"The Witness is, in my opinion, one seriously well made game.This is a game that relies on you and your ability to solve problems where no solution is ever given to you, but instead must be achieved through inductive and deductive reasoning. From the start, the idea is simple: Draw a line from point A to point B. Every puzzle in this game follows this one mechanic, and that may turn some people off. But in a sense, Super Mario Brothers only had two whole mechanics: running and jumping, but it's what you do with those mechanics that makes for satisfying gameplay. And boy are these mechanics satisfying.The gorgeously and painstakingly detailed island is host to many distinct sections, each one dealing with new mechanics that get added on to the ""A to B"" style of the puzzles. Perhaps there are symbols on the board whose rules must be learned by the player, or perhaps the environment itself contains hints as to the solution. There is never quite as good a feeling as when you finally understand the rule of a challenging puzzle. It's a moment of ""Wow I can't believe I didn't think of that, it seems so obvious now!""In fact, as the game world is freely open to exploration, I sometimes stumbled upon puzzles that I simply didn't have the knowledge to solve. But where there is a difficult mechanic, there is an area of the island that has simpler puzzles for this mechanic that allow you to learn the rules for yourself. This type of gameplay feels alot like when you reach an area of an RPG where the enemies are much tougher than you, and then coming back when you have gotten stronger. But rather than leveling up a character, returning to tougher areas means coming back with new knoledge that you have acquired for yourself, and that is a very satisfying feeling.It wouldn't seem like much really, if the world wasn't beautifully crafted and a joy to wander through. Every area is distinct both in its' puzzle mechanics and its' visual flair. While there is no conventional story pulling you through the game, I found myself excited at the thought of finding a new perspective illusion located in the games world, from calm water reflecting rocks to form faces, to statues interacting with shadows in clever ways, to faces hidden in the outlines of the branches of trees. This world is perhaps the most preciously constructed world in gaming. Everywhere you look you see new illusions or beautiful landscapes dotting the island.Many people have complained, thinking that this game is based solely on these panels of puzzles and that this gameplay couldn't possibly hold their interest for long, and that is true, this game is certainly not for everyone in its' slow, deliberate pacing. But to say that this game has nothing else to offer besides puzzles on panels is patently false. I won't tell you what else there is to this game, as the beauty of it does come from discovering stuff on your own, but let me tell you that I was floored by the detail placed into every aspect of this island.From clever mechanics all evolving from one simple ""A to B"" style to the gorgeous game world, devoid of music and calming to journey through, The Witness is a fantastic experience, but only for those willing to figure out the path for themselves. This is a game that does not hold your hand in any way, and you as the player must be willing to think and learn for yourself. I very much appreciated this mature approach to game design, which is in stark contrast to many games with necessary tutorials due to the complexity of the controls. This game does away with complex controls, and instead decided on one main concept and creates a full experience around it."
,Recommended,210970,20814771,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tellus Eidolon,"Allow me to preface my review with a commentary directed at many of the highly rated negative reviews currently on the store page. It worries me greatly that so many people put so much stock in reviews that very obviously let their expectations drive the review. I hope that potential buyers read a generous number of reviews (both negative and positive) and gauge the contents. If your tastes match those of the reviewer, a subjective review will probably resonate with you. If not, try and view it from an objective standpoint. That being said...Let me put something bluntly, and in brief.If you are not the type who could lean back and listen to instrumental music and dream up worlds of your own, this game might not be for you.If you like clear stories being told for you and to your face, this game might not be for you.If you believe that a good game has explosive action, this game might not be for you.If you dislike sitting in silence and letting your thoughts flow free, this game might not be for you.The Witness is a cerebral game, as much about curiosity and self-reflection as it is about exploration and seeking clarity. It is not a successor to Myst. It is not trying to compete with The Talos Principle. I'd even go so far as to say that, despite some very obvious similarities, it tries to break free of Blow's previous work, Braid, and does not try to emulate the cryptic secrets of Fez.The game (I'm tempted to call it interactive art) deserves to be considered on its own merits before being compared to experiences that may seem similar to it. As does any other game. Indeed, the exploration of the game and the thick atmosphere of the world evokes thoughts of the desolate and empty worlds of Myst. Its single mechanic echoes the central element of time manipulation in Braid. The ""first person puzzle solver"" moniker can also be applied to The Talos Principle. But The Witness is different. Its core mechanic, the sliding puzzles shown many times over in the gameplay trailer, is not the game's primary draw. It is only the first of many layers, a conduit through which you engage in a dialogue with the world you explore, a sun-bathed island seemingly abandoned ages ago.As you take your first steps from an ominous dark room into the glaring sunlight of a quiet garden of strong colours, you are left naked with nothing but the wind in your trees as your companion. Even before passing the first gated puzzles into the open world ahead, you a greeted by choice. While one has an obvious immediate impliciation, the other does not. What is its repercussion? You don't know. The thought lingers, and the moment you are released onto the island you are made free to follow the trail to its conclusion. Or perhaps the harbour town you see in the distance as you find an overview. Or the doorway, tucked neatly behind a few bushes, unseen as you pass by the first time. This urge to explore and see every part of the island, the effects of choices made and the many vistas and vignettes, all come together to form yet another layer of the game.Before long, you will encounter tape recorders scattered about the island, containing quotes from notable figures of our own past. This is not some pretentious attempt at being philosophical or artificially raise the class of the game. The clips, as with every feature of the island, have been particularly chosen to make you think. About the puzzles. About the island. About how you, as the player, perceive what may have transpired and how you view the world and its mysteries - yet another layer of The Witness. This is when something becomes clear. Every rock, every tree, the dancing shadows, and running streams have all been placed with meticulous, deliberate precision. You will return to previous scenery, time and time again, and notice something new. Lessons learned in your travels will open your mind to impressions that may have never occurred to you otherwise.This exploration and cycle of increasing depth is an important part of The Witness' narrative. This game is not about the puzzles, however obvious they may seem. The puzzles are a means to an end. The puzzles, and the always cryptic revelations they lead to, allow you to draw your own conclusions. This is the beauty of the game, and why it stands out in comparisons.Players who delve single-mindedly into the puzzles, enforcing their own Metroidvania view into the many and complex puzzle rules, are likely to overlook the shifting perspectives and obviously deliberate constellations in play.Players expecting a Myst-style relevation from the precious but fragmented voice and video clips will leave wanting.Players expecting the frivolities of dialogue or humour to break the tedium of puzzles have entirely missed the point.This game is for the patient. The meticulous. The explorers. The ponderers. The listeners. The dreamers.In many ways, this game defies categorisation while integrating elements of many well-known games. Above all, however, it is most definitely a Jonathan Blow creation. If nothing else, this tells you three things: everything is deliberate, you are only limited by your own mind, and the story is yours - through and through."
,Recommended,210970,20901131,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,sny,"The Witness is a puzzle/exploration game with a special focus on perception and perspective. It starts out simple, easing you into the mechanics of the game, but before long you'll be juggling multiple puzzle mechanics that you've learned hours or days ago to try to unlock new areas or ""complete"" already discovered areas.During the process of playing the game, you're basically being taught a puzzle language and the game constantly tests you to see whether you've understood the rules correctly. With the exception of one specific challenge, there's always at least one logical solution, so if you feel like something's impossible to do, it's usually best to look elsewhere or revisit the area that teaches you the skills and mechanics involved in whatever you're having trouble with.Except for one challenge, which could be considered the final boss of the game (and is an absolute blast to complete), The Witness features no music, allowing you to concentrate on understanding the game world and learning the puzzle language, or just take in the breathtaking sights of the island.If you've enjoyed games like Myst or Fez, you'll be happy to hear that The Witness is their lovechild, only prettier, smarter and even more full of surprises. And if you get a kick out of moments of epiphany where you go ""A-ha! That must be how this works!"", you'll not be able to put this one down for quite a while."
,Recommended,210970,20880481,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,coreyonfire,"I put a ""yes"" on the ""Do you recommend this game?"" box, but it should come with a disclaimer. This game is not for everyone. It's not like Braid; you can't just jump into it and go. The Witness is a lot more like MYST or other older puzzle games, where it's entirely puzzle and no action. All of the puzzles are done on grids and they involve creating lines on these grids. There are rules however, and sometimes you have to get very, very creative. The environment interacts with the puzzles and you have to put the two together in a way that will not always make sense at first. A lot of people are saying that the puzzles are not rewarding due to no big ""ah ha!"" moments, but I find that this isn't entirely true. There aren't any 'big' moments where everything falls into place, but the game does provide an enjoyable slow burn that is fun to just spend an afternoon digging into. It's not a short game, by any means (I've played about 10 hours and only activated three out of seven lasers). The high price tag reflects the amount of time you will spend in The Witness.My only complaint is that, so far, the plot/narrative elements are vague, far apart, and unrewarding. There's clearly a lot going on on the island and I don't think I've missed much, but I get the feeling that lots of people will never even come across a single story element. Good thing that the puzzles themselves are plenty fun on their own."
,Recommended,210970,22667264,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,brisingre,"Much, much cooler than it seems like it's going to be, but it takes a while to get there. This game is long and hard. Most people who aren't enjoying it seem to have stopped well before the end, which is understandable. But, if you stick with it, this game gets much more interesting."
,Not Recommended,210970,20782044,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Blattdorf,"This game lives and dies by its puzzles. I'm sure it's a great game, but it all just feels... hollow, empty and dreary, despite the colourful presentation.Just because you liked The Talos Principle, it won't mean you will like this game. On the contrary, you might find The Witness somewhat dull in comparison.I'll give this game another spin way into the future, but for now I'll have to pass."
76561198078522648,Recommended,210970,20886937,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BagelMaster5000,"This game is only for people who are really into puzzle games. Though the scenery is nice, you can't experience it fully without completing the various puzzles scattered around. Btw you will probably never finish this game, believe me when I say that it is really hard."
,Recommended,210970,20799387,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Stephen,"Do you enjoy puzzles?Logic, mazes, even sudoku?Have you ever played/enjoyed Myst?If so, you'll probably love The Witness.The game is amazing.There are countless puzzles, and it's up to you to find them on the huge island, and to solve them.You will get stuck. You will stumble. You may need to get a pen and paper to write notes, and to try to work out puzzles.You may get to a point where you want to slam your head against the wall because you found a puzzle that is too hard for you to understand.That's ok. That's part of the game. You aren't expected to have all the answers right away.Go to a different part of the island, solve some other puzzles, and eventually you will be able to come back to the puzzle with a fresh perspective and understanding, and wonder ""Why was that so difficult before?""This is a game for puzzle lovers. That frustration is part of the enjoyment. Because the ""Aha!!"" moment is the ultimate reward.This game is full of those aha moments. The Island itself is fascinating, and wondrous to explore, discovering new bits of knowledge to add to the puzzle language.If you are impatient, easily angered, hate puzzles, or just can't stand being stuck.. Then this game isn't for you.The Witness is a puzzle journey. It's about solving puzzles, but it feels so much more than that. It's an experience."
,Recommended,210970,24951909,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,AlterraKira,"The witness is honestly one of my favourite games of all time. It has a beautiful art style, and the puzzles are fun, and provide a good challenge. Even after completing it 100% the island still provides a lot of mysteries and unanswered questions"
,Not Recommended,210970,21218757,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"This is one of those reviews where Steam could use a ""Maybe"" button...As a long-time fan of the Myst series, I was eager to play this game.  It is absolutely gorgeous and very imaginative with a uniquely beautiful art style.  However, while the puzzles are cleverly designed with some lateral thinking required, each and every one is a line maze puzzle - and there are over 600 of them.  I don't wish to knock the ingenuity of this title and for those who enjoy maze puzzles, it's a must-buy, but if you were hoping for a better variety of puzzle types instead of the same line-through-maze concept, this isn't one you'll likely enjoy.Unsure?  I recommend that you give it a try because, on Steam, you have two hours to decide if this is a game for you.  For me it wasn't, so was given a refund."
76561198128788127,Recommended,210970,29545554,Posted: 28 January,all,billydevoe,"Don't let this game fool you into thinking it's only a gaggle of placemat-puzzles. It's a vibrant, dazzlingly gorgeous game with an intricately detailed world!It can be very difficult - but you are given free reign of the island and can wander as you please. Stuck? Take a stroll through the cherry blossoms, or eye the beautiful crystal ocean. Go somewhere else, and explore enigmatic gardens or stately ruins.It's much more obscure than Myst (which had journals to explain all the vagueness). Nonetheless, The Witness gives you an extra sense of achievement, not only from solving its puzzles, but from developing your own theories as to what is really going on.There's no music, so you might wanna stick something on in the background if (like me) it helps you think!The lack of the more traditional gameplay elements adds to the atmosphere very well. There's no tutorial, no HUD, no hand-holding. Just a fully-immersive experience. Definitely play on highest graphical settings if your computer can handle it. It's so damn pretty!I honestly thought I would dislike this game... I'm so glad I gave it a chance!"
76561198004326733,Recommended,210970,23784456,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Phobian,"Whilst at times a little pretentious, this is an amazingly vibrant and challenging little puzzle game that also plays with questions of perception and the very idea of puzzle solving.Luckily it's still very enjoyable at a basic puzzle level. I would encourage you to play without reading up on the game too much as the very existence of some puzzles could be considered a spoiler, and the experience of learning things and applying them is very much at the core of the game. If you get stuck though, seeing a symbol you have never seen before it might be worth exploring the island some more and coming back later - most symbols are introduced via a bank of simple puzzles that let you experiment to find out the rules of said symbol."
,Recommended,210970,20963606,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,nutcrackr,"Although difficult, The Witness is worth playing to behold its exceptional trickery created largely thanks to the stellar world design. Each corner of the world has a new challenge and the training process is always flawless. The well-designed maze puzzles are going to retrain your brain and make you look at things from a different perspective. Not all players will find their way to the crippling selection of final puzzles, but many will discover a few of the devious and wondrous solutions. Just finding one is more than enough reason to play, and the delightful solutions may spur players to solve more because all the answers are there to discover. The most important rule to remember in The Witness is that it is not a race to discover its masterful workings. So take your time and learn something new. Learning is reward enough and there is no finer game to demonstrate its power.Read full review"
,Recommended,210970,25645613,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,SKELETOR           Farmskins.com,Great layout of the game and it did a great job of making the (beautiful) map interact with the game in more ways than just the obvious
,Recommended,210970,20873542,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RedPandamonium,"I usually don't write reviews for anything, but my god, this game is amazing. The world is absolutely beautiful, and there is so much to it. Some people may stray away because it is basically the same puzzle over an over again, but the creators somehow made each puzzle fresh, new, and even more complicated then the last. This game made me hate myself, this game made me hate the game, this game made me love myself, this game made me love this game.*Puzzle Spoiler*My favorite experince in this game was a certain series of puzzles. The game taches you as you go, so I had figured that I had figured out the point of the puzzle, outlining the rocks in the water, so I came to a single rock in the water. No matter how much I outlined it, it still didn't work. As it turns out you don't have to be looking directly at the puzzle to solve it. The rocks I was suppose to outline were to my right, and I had to look at just the right angle to see them. Once that puzzle was done I move to the last puzzle of the series, and using my newfound knowledge, I looked at the rocks in all different angles, but I still couldn't solve it. Finally, I figured it out. I had to look at the puzzle backwards, and outline the trees, not rocks. This was one of many experinces I've had the pleasure of having thanks this game.This game is worth every penny I spent on it."
76561197969417125,Not Recommended,210970,22557112,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,G00N3R,"I like first person puzzle games. Portal, Portal 2 and The Talos Principle were all great games, while Qube and The Ball were pretty good. The Witness, however, is a mixed bag. I'd have preferred to give it a neutral rating, but on balance my feelings are more negative than positive, hence the thumbs down.Anyway, you're a guy, or maybe a girl, I don't know, who is stuck on an island for some unknown reason, and you've got to solve some puzzles in order to do ... something. There is no story whatsoever, no explanation for who you are, or what you're trying to achieve. And without going into spoilers, the ending is a total anti-climax. Well, okay, as long as the puzzles are fun, that's the most important thing, right?The first several hours of my time in The Witness were extremely frustrating, because compared to those other games that I mentioned above, The Witness does a terrible job of explaining its mechanics and concepts to the player. I'm not complaining about difficulty. I don't mind being stuck on a puzzle for a while, as long as I've got an idea of what I'm supposed to be doing. There's a difference between understanding the rules of a puzzle, and actually finding the solution. The best puzzles are easy to understand, but challenging to solve.In Portal 2, the first time I stepped on the orange gel and ran face first into a wall, I immediately understood ""this stuff makes me run fast"". In The Talos Principle, when I see a laser beam shooting out of a wall, I immediately know ""I need to redirect the beam to activate something"". The Witness does have some puzzles like that, where you need to observe clues in the environment. The first time I saw a console partially obscured by the shadow of a tree's branches, I immediately knew ""draw a line that doesn't touch the shadow"". Some puzzles have objects blocking part of the grid, and its obvious that solving the puzzle depends on standing in the correct place to get a better view. And there are some puzzles that have multiple solutions, which unlock different paths in the world around you. That's kinda cool, and its easy to understand ""if I want to go over there instead, I need solve this puzzle a different way"".But the vast majority of The Witness' puzzles revolve around coloured dots and symbols. For example, when there are differently coloured dots, you draw a line to separate the colours. Okay, great. Now here's a triangle. And now there's a star. And here's a white thing with three lines. But what do those symbols mean? The game doesn't tell you. You just have to draw some lines on the grid in a random direction until something works, and then try to understand why it worked. Its not really a case of working it out with logic, but more a case of trying to guess ""what was the developer thinking here?"". And quite often I ""solved"" a puzzle without understanding what I actually did.Sometimes a little bit of hand holding can be a good thing. Its like if you give me two numbers and specify whether you want me to add, subtract, multiply or divide, I'll give you the correct answer because I understand the rules of maths. But if all you give me is the two numbers, there's a crucial piece of information missing, so what am I supposed to do?Some of the concepts have ""training"" puzzles, but because you can wander around the island in any direction, you will probably find the more difficult puzzles first. I must have encountered about a dozen tetris block puzzles, which confused the hell out of me, before I finally found the area with those training puzzles. Yeah, I understood the concept after that, but you're supposed to give the player the easy puzzles FIRST. Introduce a concept, then build more complex puzzles around it later.I eventually resorted to reading a community guide which explains the rules of each type of puzzle without giving specific solutions:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=614554253After that, I started to enjoy the game a little. Some of the late game puzzles are especially mind bending, combining multiple concepts into the same puzzle, or just laid out in a really complex way. And although every puzzle requires you to draw a line through a grid, there is plenty of variety to stop it becoming boring. But unfortunately it was too late to forget that initial frustration.Another thing that annoyed me is that some of the puzzle grids will deactivate if you fail to solve them correctly. This forces you to re-draw the line on the previous puzzle grid, to re-activate the one that you failed. Imagine being stuck on a puzzle, failing it dozens of times, and before you can attempt it again, having to re-do the previous puzzle over and over again (the previous puzzle doesn't change, so you just have to draw the exact same line again). The store page says that the game ""treats your time as precious"", but this is the exact opposite, a completely unnecessary waste of my time.The game doesn't have any major problems from a technical point of view. I didn't suffer any bugs or crashes, and I got a constant 60 FPS at max settings on my GTX 770. The art style is pretty I guess, but I've always cared more about story and mechanics. You can't rebind keys though. Okay, the only key other than movement is ""run"", which is bound to shift, but I prefer to use end to run in other first person games, so the position of my hand felt unnatural. There's no excuse for a PC game in 2016 to not allow key rebinding.My recommendation is to skip The Witness, and play something better instead."
,Not Recommended,210970,21084645,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,used2bcow,"3 hours into the game and I'm just not feeling it.  There is a sense of stagnantation to the game,  I think part of the problem may be due to the randomness of the puzzles scattered all over the island, There is no rationale or reason as to why these puzzles exist in the particular context. They just feel randomly scattered and makes no sense. Because of this, there is no real feel of progression.I am not really motivated in continuing further, which is partly due to the fact that I get nauseous after a short period of play time. The other would be the fact that I'm just not engaged by the promise of mystery and wonder of the island. At least not enough for me to brave the nausea. Some may find the appeal in solving the puzzles strewn across the island, but I'd probably have trouble keeping my lunch in much less finding solutions to the puzzles.note: it would probably help to have animation cues when certain puzzles are solved as to be able to determined what some of the puzzles achieved. I had an instance where, when after I solved a puzzle, I was wondering what had happened. A little back and forth and looking around (not good for the nausea), and I then only noticed a gate opened."
,Not Recommended,210970,28773089,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,p0rtalmaster,"What's in a game's title?  I'm not sure.  After finding the ending, I don't know why this game was called ""The Witness,"" and I don't think I ever even knew to begin with.  Perhaps this game is better called ""The Island"" or ""Pathfinder"" instead.So... what is this game anyway?  In one word:mazes.You will be solving maze puzzles, having to figure out the rules of the game as you go.  Not to worry, there are training areas on the island, so you aren't completely lost.  However, even when you know or have figured out how everything works, expect to be stumped.  Once you've solved the 523 puzzles in this game, you can look for secrets and easter eggs, including a special challenge area.You are a being who can freely roam around this diverse island of lands and unlock its secrets.  The art style seems to be focused more on color than anything, making this game a gorgeous one to look at.  Even some of the puzzles revolve around color.  The sound design is equally gorgeous, and some of the puzzles even rely on sound.  There's not much music, but this game does well without it.The ending:it's nothing original.  The game quits on you, just like Antichamber (then again, it has no proper UI (and that's not a problem!), so that's fine).  It also resets on you, just like one of the endings in The Talos Principle.The #1 downside to this game:the price.Sorry, but $40 is a bit too much unless you put in an actual story instead of some vaguery in the game's description and words from famous people.  I'd gladly pay $20 or $25 for this game.  That said, get it while it's on the biggest sale you can find (at least 35% off is my recommendation).A more subtle issue with this game: The""secret""ending is where they shoved all the credits into, which isnotwhere they should be, despite being formatted interestingly! The normal ending should have the credits too!  All we get are some random words from an uncited source (and on top of that there are a few quotes in the game that are not cited).I've heard some people say they've spend 40+ hours on it (don't ask me why, but the 135 ""secrets"" seems like a poor excuse for this game — hell, one of them takes up to a full hour!), but if you're smart enough, you should be able to conquer the game in 20 hours or less.I've officially decided that this game is overrated."
76561198067268391,Recommended,210970,31358627,Posted: 25 April,all,tempel,"this is by far and away the most interesting game i ever played.  i played braid and really enjoyed it.  this one has more replayability because for sure one will forget the solutions to every puzzle within a week, though you may remember the method.the game is all puzzles and labyrinths, which seems so simple.  mastering the rules and logic of the puzzles in the only skill one will have to learn to play.  it means a certain level of comfort playing the game, since there are no new skills for boss fights or mindless fetch quests.  the lack of instruction and feedback is a lot less than most games, but the availability of crowd-sourced hints and solutions makes the game only as challenging or frustrating as one wants it to be.i do feel there is ""more to get"" upon completion."
,Recommended,210970,32975271,Posted: 28 June,all,Omni,"ok so i saw some of this game on youtube a few months ago and completely forgot about it until one day it popped into my mind again. i searched on youtube for the old video, but couldn't find the game or anything about it until today when it popped into my recommended. to my excitement it was on sale for the summer, so i knew i had to buy it.notes before you read my review:-as of now, i only have 2 hours of play time-i play mostly fps games, but puzzle games like portal and portal 2 are some of my most beloved games of all timePros:-quick, basic tutorial. literally shows you where to click and where to end.-beautiful, colorful graphics (even on low settings), reminds me of the new Legend of Zelda game on the Switch-very relaxing-not restrained to one puzzle at a time, able to go between different areas, each with their own levels-challenging: i would consider myself average when it comes to problem solving and this game is actually pretty difficult-open island with different tasks, or just walk around and enjoy the viewCons:-some puzzles seem to be impossible, others i completed and i really dont know what i did right, it just worked-the sheer amount of accessible puzzles can be overwhelming at times, there isn't really a discernible order in which to complete them-travelling can be pretty slow until you find the boat (its not too bad, i just sometimes got impatient)-overall rating: 9/10-gameplay: 8/10, not for everyone, but i really enjoy it until i get stuck in an area. some sections seem repetitive though-graphics: 9/10, i love the art style, the game makers really put a lot of love and effort into it-backstory ??/10 i havent gotten far into the game, but there seems to be a really great story to go along with the puzzles, im intrigued and hopeful to see what it is*i will probably be posting a review after i finish the game, so i will include any changes to this one*"
,Recommended,210970,20807117,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rome1,"It's by far one of the most clever puzzle games I've ever played. The puzzles start out fairly simple, and you're left to your own devices to figure out each new rule and concept introduced with new puzzles. At times you'll need to pull out a pen and paper to solve your way through a particularly difficult set, but when you solve each series of problems with increasing difficulty, it only makes it more rewarding.The story is largely symbolic, and most of it is only hinted at through environmental cues, audio clips, and intentional placement of objects. The best way I can describe it without spoiling anything at all, is that the story is about an abstract concept. Since abstract concepts are hard to describe directly, the best way to describe them to someone is through bits and pieces of information that at first seem irrelevent. These small pieces of information may seem abstract in and of themselves, but they slowly come together, leading you closer and closer to an epiphony that was (hopefully) intended.At it's core, it's a puzzle game. Exploring the world reveals nothing more than clues into the story. The world is so detailed that every item feels deliberately placed, but sadly very little interaction with the world actually takes place."
,Not Recommended,210970,20795318,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Tats,"Big fan of puzzle games but unfortunately this one falls short. Many of the puzzles in this one are more about whatever the dev thought would make sense. Puzzle rules change on a whim and some are downright stupid (shadow based puzzles are particularly bad). If you want puzzles go play Talos Principle or Portal. If you want to remember how old adventure games with moronic solutions that only made sense to the developer, play this game."
,Recommended,210970,20886499,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Plaps,"This game is great.  Unlike a lot of other puzzle games, it isn't just a linear slog through an endless line of puzzles.  It's a lot like a metroidvania in that you need to explore and discover new things to progress, but the things you are discovering aren't powerups, they are knowledge about how the puzzles work.The atmosphere is great and the setting really lends itself to very relaxing exploration and puzzling.You should also know: these puzzles are hard.  If you aren't very good at puzzles usually, you probably will be very frustrated by this game.  There's a lot of logic in the puzzles you are probably going to have to take notes or sketch things out on paper at some point."
,Recommended,210970,28650197,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,towwl,"The Witness is a game where you wander around an island solving cryptic puzzles. It's really good and I love it.I bought this game completely blind and my immediate first impressions were how breathtakingly beautiful the world is. Stepping out into the open of the island for the first time was a chilling experience. It's easily understandable why Jon Blow took so goddamn long to create this game. The design behind the game works so well.*The actual puzzles wouldn't find themselves out of place in a free mobile puzzle game, but the island adds entire new dimensions to the solutions. The answers are integrated into the environment in a surprisingly varying number of ways. The deceivingly simple puzzles are kept fresh throughout. Sometimes, like a Metroidvania, a simple puzzle will be impossible to solve until you explore elsewhere and learn how to use the new mechanic, helping you further uncover the secrets of the world of The Witness.The game will never explicitly explain the mechanics of the puzzles to you. You are left to decipher the island on your own. I wish I could describe some of the ways you need to solve the puzzles in this game, but of course, that’d ruin the experience of finding it out for yourself and feeling like a genius. So just trust me. It’s an incredibly creative game.This is an easy choice my 2016 game of the year.Of course, this kind of game isn't for everybody, but if you have the slightest interest in the concept of 'wandering around an island solving cryptic puzzles' sounds interesting to you, Ihighlyrecommend The Witness."
76561198079513864,Recommended,210970,26139072,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Gokottah,the ONLY thing this is missing is a bomb♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack
76561197964092215,Not Recommended,210970,20926007,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Zaius,"Fun, but not worth the money. Buy if it's $10 or less."
,Not Recommended,210970,21219079,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,RATBEAR,"The game fails to strike the balance between being challenging enough to give a sense of accomplishment whilst being easy enough to not be tedious or frustrating.The puzzles are fairly simplistic whilst challenging, the key is to figure out the rules behind them (typically indicated by symbols) and there are areas across the map that serve to introduce these rules to the player. This is a great mechanic to motivate a player to explore.Unfortunately, I feel that the puzzles are ultimately not fun or particularly satisfying and due to their difficulty easily get tedious. It can't be compared to the fun and interactive physics puzzling of games like Portal 2.Story, well didn't play sufficiently yet to say, but you're basically just thrown flat into the game without any explanation whatsoever. Perhaps that's part of the mystery, I don't know, but it's certainly not gonna keep most players intrigued since the story element (at least for now) is largely absent.Graphics are pretty, but optimization is rather poor.Overall, an interesting game that's worth trying but NOT FOR ITS CURRENT PRICE ($35-40). That's  why I can't recommend this game. The presentation with the visuals and all is nice but the novelty wears off and at its core it's still a shallow indie game that priced like a triple-A title."
,Recommended,210970,20878571,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,brutalmoose,I wish I could play this for the first time again.
,Recommended,210970,25353580,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,eagleflo,"This is one of the greatest *games* I have ever played. It's a game you can truly get lost in, with a definitive meditational quality to it. Some of the puzzles are really hard, and you *will* get stuck. Luckily the game is extremely nonlinear: you can always move on to another puzzle and come back later with a fresh mind.This game teaches you how to solve puzzles without using spoken language, opting for symbols instead. Your inner grammarian will connect the dots little by little and by the end you can solve any puzzle using just logic and the new language you have acquired.The island this game takes place in is extremely beautiful and rewards exploration. The island is divided into smaller themed areas with great variety between them.Most of the negative reviews seem to stem from either misplaced expectations coming from Braid or the lack of story through dialogue. It is a solitary experience, which works very well in a puzzle game like this. The statues around the island tell their own kind of story, but if you just breeze past them you might miss it completely.Essential purchase for any puzzle game fans."
76561198000078066,Recommended,210970,20863010,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Apotheosic,"Before venturing into this game, I will warn you, as have many others by now, that this game has absolutely nothing to offer in terms of lore, story, characters, or any narrative elements to speak of.  This game is comprised solely of puzzles and explorations. That which it has, is done masterfully, but don't go in expecting it to be something it's not.The central core of the game is about learning. EVERYTHING in the game, every maze, every obstacle, even the environment is a constant and concerted effort to teach the player. The problem, at the start of the game, is that the player does not yet understand the language in which the game operates. So it is the task of the player to, essentially, learn how to learn. How to listen and how to read, to be open to new and challenging concepts, and how to apply them to the world around you. This is the central experience of the game, and it is done beautifully well. If you allow the game to teach you, and you put your mind to work at it, this is a game that can be, and very much should be, completed without outside help or guides, because of how important your sense of discovery and understanding is to the experience of the game.The landscapes of the island are gorgeous, and while the game does not have a soundtrack, the sounds of the natural world around you inspire a stronger atmosphere of introspection. The environments are varied and gorgeous, and the architecture is thoughtful and detailed. Every inch of the game screams with attention to detail, no space is wasted, nothing is without intent and purpose. Every aspect of the game works together to create a truly wondrous experience.Perhaps my only complaint about the game is that one or two smaller sections of puzzles felt like they progressed with a somewhat unfair / disappointing form of difficulty, that just felt cheap and unimaginative. However this was a very small and specific set of puzzles, and is not a complaint I had anywhere else.The ""main path"" of the game is about 20 hours long, for a game like this, I feel like it's a good length: enough to keep you engaged and challenged, but not so long it wears itself thin. In addition to the ""main path"" I've caught a lot of glimpses throughout my play of well-hidden additional content and hidden / optional puzzles, which, from other reviews I've read, could easily tack on another 20 hours for the particularly meticulous player.Overall, The Witness is easily one of the best puzzle games I have ever played, and certainly one of the most unique gaming experiences out there. I cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone who enjoys puzzles and thinking games."
,Recommended,210970,20876024,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Jester Thomas,"Sometimes brilliant things come out of restrictions to a form. You can see them in some of the classic early video games, in art, and in film. In the Witness they decided very early on to restrict their puzzle to the basic panels you see in previews for the game, but the brilliance is in the way they've taken the idea to its absolute peak. The puzzles in this game are inventive, challenging, and somehow manage to be varied. If you're at all interested in subtle game design, The Witness is rich in undertones and manages to both effortlessly and wordlessly guide the player to solve extremely difficult puzzles.This game differs from other classic adventure puzzle games in that it is almost entirely distilled gameplay. There is little narrative carrying you along, and although there are voiced pieces in the game, most of them are about the human mind rather than any story. For the most part, the game leaves you to pull your own meaning out of it.The Witness is not for everyone. If you love puzzles for the sake of puzzles, I don't think you'll find a game with more challenging and clever puzzles than this game. The island, in its isolation, ambience, and beauty, is a solitary retreat. You could equate the experience of this game to sitting down with a sudoku puzzle at the kitchen table on a rainy Sunday morning, a cup of coffee to your right and raindrops pitter-patting against the window."
,Recommended,210970,20884653,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lgn,"The Witness it's not a simple videogame. It's an actual piece of art, a journey who can really teach you something about life itself and how a simple matter of perception can change everything in the world around you.Do a favor to yourself and play this fantastic trip inside your brain.Thank you Blow for this masterpiece!●────"
76561198011522360,Recommended,210970,20883951,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,framk,"This is an absolutely beautiful game, both visually and in terms of content. If you're not a fan of puzzle games, I wouldn't recommend this game. If you are even a little bit, I wish you all the luck in the world with this game.Took me around 19 hours of solid mind-bending play to finish this game, and the difficulty ramped up about every half hour of my playthrough.The end game does not mess around at all, so please be warned, but the feeling of accomplishment when you finally finish this game cannot be put into words. Hopefully John Blow will take a little less time with his next project, but I am looking very much forward to playing whatever comes next."
,Recommended,210970,20923632,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Octavian,"I returned this game for a refund. I still recommend it, but with some reservations.'The Witness 'is beautiful and the puzzles are frustrating yet addicative and engaging. It's wonderfully crafted and the devs clearly put a lot of heart and sweat into it. I love that.For people who enjoy puzzle games, strongly consider this one. For myself, I can't say I value it at $40, but that's based on my own gaming tastes; I'm not big into puzzle games."
,Recommended,210970,20972872,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,omeiran,Nice game but we need update for fix the VR ASAP
76561197976733585,Recommended,210970,20864846,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tex,"I cannot overstate enuogh about how well-designed and creative this game is. The environment design alone is in a league of its own.Pros:- Challenging puzzles that are fair- Fantastic / Creative environment- Art style is very pleasingCons:- Not always clear what happens when you complete a puzzle. Some that should do something, don't.- 'Story' is very obtuse and a bit pretentious- Weak 'easy ending'. Way too involved to get the apparently actual ending.- Normal ending provided zero closure and wasn't satisfying at all.If you enjoyed The Talos Principle or Myst, you should enjoy this game. It's different than both of those (and better), but in the same line."
,Recommended,210970,20803072,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Wasabi Ice Cream,"A totally non-linear puzzle game that works almost like a Metroid game, where you'll walk past stuff that you can't gain access to. But, the only thing preventing you is knowledge of the puzzle mechanics, which you learn by seeing those mechanics implemented in smaller more simpler puzzles. If you get stumped by a puzzle, you can just walk away, and find another one. Like Jonathan Blow's other game Braid, there's a ton of philsophical undertones embedded in the story and in the world that slowly unravel as you continue to play and discover. The only reason you have to not play this game is if you are not a fan of puzzles. This game will wreck your brain!"
,Recommended,210970,20817692,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ZealotOnPC,"Initial Thoughts on The Witness:This game is amazing. I've only played for 6 hours so far and it has, quite literally, surpassed every expectation I had going in and, interestingly enough, scratched an itch for immersive puzzles that I didn't know I had. The game is beautiful, one of the most beautiful games I've played, but not in the sense of graphical prowsess but in the sense that it really feels as though someone laboured both time and love into sculpting this island (though, in having said that, graphically this game runs like a dream and looks the part (for specs and FPS, check bottom of preliminary review).This is one of those games where I, in good concious, can't spoil or talk about any of the puzzles or what occurs in the game for that would do a great disservice to the experience. All I can say is that if you like puzzles (and, yes, they are varried -- even if they all essentially are the same breed) and if you like immersive experiences, please play this game and please do not spoil it for yourself. This is an experience that needs to be your own. I can't wait to jump back in and see what else I learn.Thoughts on Performance:The game consistently runs well at 60fps (on the high setting) with a GTX970m, i7-4720HQ (2.6ghz) with 8gb RAM loaded from SSD at 1920x1080. Runs fluidly and smoothly and beautifully. A great PC game.Recommended for:Anyone who likes puzzlers. This is, at the very core, and exploratory puzzle game. I'm not sure if there is a legitimate narrative but that isn't what is gripping about this game. You create the narrative with your exploration and puzzle-solving. Do not buy this game if you wanted a game like MYST or a game that isn't fundamentally a puzzle game. The price tag is a bit steep for a puzzle game, yes, but it has been worth it for me so far. Wait for a sale if you are on the fence about the title but this has been one of my personal favourites for the past year."
76561197993399600,Recommended,210970,25215737,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PT_Mighty,"This is a great game, well worth the asking price -- there was more care and attention put into this than any recent AAA title that I can recall.The world is gorgeous and well put together as a cohesive whole. It rewards exploration with little bits of explicit or implied lore, as well as heaps of hidden puzzles and locations.The puzzles are well done for the most part and the difficulty hits just the right note. There were a couple places where I either felt like a total genius for deducing a really difficult puzzle mechanic or a moron for not being able to figure something out, only to have the game ""teach"" me about the puzzle mechanic half an hour later. Basically, it can be tough if you ""sequence break"", but quite manageable otherwise.That said, I do have a couple bits of minor criticism for The Witness:It isn't quite as mind bending as Braid was: the puzzle mechanism in that game (time manipulation) involved your entire perception, and the mechanic in this game simply isn't as immersive (although the environment is certainly more immersive).The end-game feels a bit tedious and on-rails as opposed to the rest of the game. It would have been nice to continue with the theme of exploration and discovery right up to the conclusion."
,Recommended,210970,20812978,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sam,"Firstly, this game isn't Portal. Going into this game with those expectations will leave you dissapointed.The Witness is a deeply satifying and somewhat challenging puzzle game set on a desolate island. The island looks stunning and I found myself on many occassions just waltzing around admiring the views.The puzzle range in difficulty from easy to extremly difficult, but your never left feeling like the game is cheating you as the answers are always there somewhere on the island, if you have the vision to see them.The only negative thing I will say about the game is the lack of audio. There is no music and the enviroment makes very little sound. The game could do with a subtle eerie score or nature sound such as chirping of birds or the blowing of the wind to help create more of an atmoshphere.This aside, it a great game and worth the purchase."
,Recommended,210970,26304180,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,jac1002,An okay puzzle game. It looks beautiful and most of the puzzles are good.But I don't like how many of the puzzles have solution hidden in the environment. and so solving these environmentally puzzles depends not on actually figuring out a solution but simple walking around trying to find a place to stand so the a solution can be properly aligned and seen.This does not feel mentally stimulating but more like busy work.All in All the good outweighs the bad.
76561197971532050,Recommended,210970,25541282,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Conditional Love,"A beautiful island of puzzles. That's all I would say if the puzzles were simply connecting a line from A to B, but it's not that simple and you need to figure out why. Do you know that feeling when you discover something is not working then you realise what you can do to solve the problem? The Witness delivers that feeling of intelligence in many different puzzles in many different variations like any good puzzle game. What makes The Witness one of the special puzzle games is that the puzzles meaningfully feel like they are a part of a grander scheme - because they are. The environment around the puzzles gives you clues on how  to solve each of the puzzles, and some are the puzzles are literally the environment itself. But most important, you are not collecting meaningless tokens, you are slowly unlocking the island itself. The Witness is a rare treat for puzzle gamers - we will have to wait many years before we get another game of this quality (nothing has been as good The Witness & Obduction in years).If you like puzzles then The Witness is a must buy. If you love exploring interesting new worlds, then I recommend you buy The Witness. And if you are impatient and don't like being confused then you should avoid The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,20888238,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Brosama the Llama,"I wanted to love The Witness - if it were half the game Braid was, I'd recommend it in a heart beat.Instead it's an absolutely gorgeous game with a bunch of sometimes interesting puzzles that slowly but surely wittles your down your ability to care.I've completed some 430 puzzles now, and I've given up - it's not worth the time to complete it to find out the meaning of it all, so I googled the ending. And then I got mad. Really, really mad. The ending is a waste, just as much as the psuedo-philosophical quotes scattered around everywhere - a greater game would have encouraged these ideas to it's player through it's gameplay, not it's voice overs.I still got 18 hours out of the game though, and the puzzles themselves are alright. I'll give this a really weak recommendation, but not for the current price. If you buy the Witness, know that it's only worth it for the puzzles and the graphics, there is nothing to the power of Braid here, and it's probably better enjoyed at $15 or less."
,Recommended,210970,20808355,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,TomVal,"My eyes are anything but good, But this game has its graphics done so well I can easily discern active game elements. They stand out so well I can spot them easily. The environment colors aren't too natural, but that's also great for my eyes. This game belongs to a small group of games I can play and enjoy without watching Youtube playthroughs first. My journey is at the beginning still, but hey, my friends from Myst universe and cavern, go get this game. I don't regret paying its full price."
76561198001428678,Recommended,210970,20881651,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DrEnzyme,"So after a couple of hours with The Witness, I can safely say two things: 1) Jonathan Blow is smarter than me 2) His game is possibly the most enjoyable first person puzzler since Myst. I would recommend it on one caveat: if you enjoy feeling stupid and have the patience to push through that feeling, then The Witness is for you. On the other hand, if looking at the puzzle section in the newspaper invites an unusually strong urge to murder people, maybe give this one a miss."
,Recommended,210970,20855510,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Court,"This is a game not for everyone… I repeat this game is not for everyone!It is a puzzle game, but don't expect it to be a linear story like Portal 2 or Talos Principle. What to expect is an atmospheric mind bending puzzle game on an beautifully designed island. The only story you will find is through the architecture, props and tape recorders (the tapes are quotes that are philosophical, astronomical, that sort of thing.) The story is open ended and not told in a normal manner.Hand holding is something this game does not do, it was designed in a way to respect the player for being observant. Gameplay and visuals teach the player on how to progress through certain puzzles. Puzzles will be many variants of the line and block puzzle you see in the screenshots, trailers and gameplay. Now there will be sets of puzzles in certain areas where you have to solve in a row, those are the ones that will teach the player how to use puzzles. There will be different mechanics thrown in when you have learned a puzzle. There are some very challenging puzzles in this game that are logically and thoughtfully designed with such a simple concept. If some puzzles are too hard the player can just go do other ones, you are free to walk the unbeaten path. This sort of freedom is fantastic!This is a really good game and I highly recommend this game if you really like puzzle games. As I said before it's a different game compared to Portal 2 and Talos Principle. It is a game that is not going to appeal to everyone either.Edit: Forgot to mention that the graphics options are limited to High, Medium and Low, vsync and full screen. No resolution or FOV options. You can edit these in the .ini files.http://www.wsgf.org/dr/witness/en"
76561198166844998,Recommended,210970,22476477,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Manue_Pebble,"One of the best games i've played in my whole life.Why should you buy this game ? A summary of main reasons :1 - It's beautiful, from the beginning till the end, the game is stunning, the landscape, the hidden puzzles, the water... It's amazing. Gamedesign and level design are so close to another, it suits perfectly.2 - You will be surprised by its mysteries. Once you think you've understood how it works, you can always discovers new things, and that's a huge point. Just look up the sky, through the forest, under trees, on the water, and be surprised !It makes you think about how you play a game.3 - Puzzles are well well thought ! The difficulty is well managed. Some zones serve tutorial purposes, whereas others are real challenge.Everything put together, it's a masterpiece, every single detail has a signification.I just love it !To those who say that the game is too expensive, read about how this game was made, and read my comment. It's quite unusual to have indies that expensive on steam. This one simply deserve it. It's a game of a lifetime, made by a small team."
,Recommended,210970,20894140,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,kingbird,"Not everyone's cup of tea, yet it is in my opinion greater than the sum of its parts.Getting the ""Endgame"" achievement is half the experience and should be a significant milestone for many. You can comfortably put this game and its myriad secrets to rest at that point. I reached this in ~20 hours with half a stack of post-it notes and my favourite image editor to draw over screenshots.Casual to moderate puzzle solvers should enjoy this first half of the game, the remainder of which is balls-to-the-wall insane.The $40 price tag will not be justifiable to many. Personally, however, it more than earned its keep.I would recommend giving this a shot anyway, and take advantage of the Steam Refunds feature if you're not getting any satisfaction after the 1 hour mark. In order to maximise the likelihood of enjoying this game, please relax. Know that if you are ever stuck, you can always set the game down and have a break, and have the solution spring to your mind the next time you sit down to tackle it, or journey to an unexplored part of the map and find another puzzle to crack.I really love this game.CONS:- Sometimes in a sequences of puzzles, when you make a mistake you are forced to solve the previous puzzle again.- Rarely, you are only given half a solution forcing you to brute force the remainder of the puzzle."
,Recommended,210970,20830159,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,PastaPillows,"Let me start by saying THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR EVERYONE. This puzzle game is quite different from the likes of Braid, FEZ, Portal or anything else you may have played. That said, it's still an amazing experience.While it *does* get very complicated late-game, The Witness takes a very simple concept (labyrinths that you normally must find your way through) and throws a bunch of different rulesets about them at you. They do this with a variety of symbols that at first, you won't know what at all they mean. That's where this game kinda becomes FEZ in a sense. In FEZ, you didn't know how to translate any of the cube text or the tetronimo lines until you found a specific room in the game that told you what you do translates to what the tetronimo lines say. The same goes for The Witness. You encounter symbols within these puzzle panels, only for them to be revealed what they mean to you by a row of puzzle panels that teach you how to use the symbol, and how involved each symbol can potentially get.The reasopn why this game is so different from other puzzle games that you may have played is because of a few factors. For one thing, the control scheme consists of 5 buttons. W, A, S, D, and Mouse 1. You don't get any physical power-ups like a double jump (not to mention, you can't jump in general). The only power up you get in this game is knowledge on how to solve another puzzle. This game will seem unrewarding if you're expecting to collect a certain amount of something every time you finish a puzzle. Instead what unlocks is more puzzles in place of whatever you think you might collect. This game is one giant puzzle and doesn't reward you until you complete it. If you go into this game knowing that, you will enjoy it as I have so far. Knowledge truly is power in this game.Another thing that's different is that this game isn't linear whatsoever. Once you complete the ""tutorial area"" right out of the start point, you're free to take on *any* puzzle you'd like. Of course, you won't know how to solve most of them until you find the ""tutorial panels"" introducing diffierent symbols, but that freedom is there. It's something I haven't really experienced in any other puzzle game I've played so far.If you're on the fence about this game, here are some questions that might help you:Do you like discovering puzzle mechanics on your own, with no hand-holding? (Similar to FEZ, but if you didn't play FEZ, then you should know that game doesn't explain anything *at all* to you, just like how The Witness doesn't either.)Do you enjoy that sense of ""aha!!"" moments when you've been studying a puzzle you've been struggling with for a while?Do you not mind getting stuck on a puzzle, and decide to leave to come back to it later?Do you like/not mind a lack of narrative in a puzzle game, and instead be somewhere shrouded in mystery that's (most likely) not explained? (I'm still working on completing this game, so I'm not sure if the island you're on ever gets explained in the end.)Do you not mind exploring in search of anything that could help your puzzle-solving abilities?Do you like to be surrounded by really ♥♥♥♥ing pretty visuals? (who doesn't??)If the answer to all of these questions is 'yes', definitely give this game a shot!P.S. DO NOT look up any puzzles. You only experience this game once, and it's definitely something wonderful to experience!!"
,Recommended,210970,20792306,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,†<CC>< Etteril,"I'm genuinely surprised and irritated at the number of reviewers who put <2 hours into the game and give it a negative review.  Personally I love the game, but I'm sure it's not for everyone.  It's a very in-depth, very long puzzle game.  If you're not someone who enjoys puzzles just for the challenge itself, please don't buy this game and take it out on the rating.  It's great for what it is.  It's not what it's not.  Great teaching pace, amazing visuals, and some exciting twists and revelations.  So far, I'm very happy I bought The Witness!"
76561198024678252,Recommended,210970,20801505,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Crusher99,"I finished the game. Not 100% but completed the endgame. 518 Panels solved +53 secrets. If I understand the black Pillars correctly there are probably over 50 secrets left. Probably also a few panels left but I solved everyone I found (except one, for which I need to study a good few hours more). But I have all the lasers.This game is about exploring an island and solving the panels. The panels exhibit various mechanics/rules. And when looking at a very complex panel you have no chance figuring the panel out. But there are easy panels of each mechanic distributed over the island, which offer you to understand the mechanic step by step. So when you come across a new mechanic you don't have the knowledge to solve for yet you got to come back later when you learned more.The game has at least 10 zones where a laser can be activated by most of the panels there. Many zones exhibit one mechanic that is deepened but often combined with other mechanics to produce more difficulty. In some zones you have to complete all puzzles to activate the laser in others you can solve either half of the puzzles. When you reached a certain number of lasers you can enter the endgame.The endgame is so difficult. There are no words that do justice on how ♥♥♥♥ing difficult it is. It felt like torture. And I only worked it out by trial and error. At this point you should have fully understood every mechanic and can apply it with all its tricks. But the puzzles in the endgame sometimes seem impossible to solve. So you just try and try until out of luck something works. And the endgame is a long zone with many puzzles and combined mechanics from the whole island. I am sure that not many players will complete the game. It is just insanity and you really got to have the will and patience for it. (if you are not good in logical and methodical thinking you are screwed)There is no story whatsoever in this game. There are recordings that can be played but only contain some pseudo intellectual jabbering that goes on your nerves. And the voice actors weren't very passionate about it. The game has very beautiful graphics and very good sound effects. But there is no soundtrack. So you can play your own relaxing music while playing the game and I strongly recommend to do so because otherwise you end up frustrated way too early. Would I recommend? Yes if anyone wants to perceive the experience of exploring mechanics and is ready to handle the difficulty and frustration that comes with it. Go for it."
,Not Recommended,210970,21204144,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Albin,"+ The game is stunningly beautiful+ The small yet dense world is fun to explore+ Puzzles are mostly skillfully crafted and fair- Some puzzles are challenging only because they cause nausea or are physically hard to see- Some puzzles are not colourblind friendly- Puzzles are devoid of reason and lack any meaningful context- The game description promises a narrative that is nonexisting- The open-world nature clashes with the puzzles occasionally, as in you may stumble upon puzzles that include mechanics that have yet to be thought in the game+/- Some well read monologues/quotes that seem meaningful but ultimately amounts to nothingOverall a strong intro that transitions into frustration as it goes along until the ultimate ""slap in the face"", the ending.""As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives."" - Henry David ThoreauDid you expect this quote to have anything to do with this review? Or maybe you thought it would have some deeper meaning that would reveal itself as you reached the end of this review? WRONG"
76561198035257597,Recommended,210970,20833102,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,FallenRain,"Wonderful game with puzzles that keep you playing for a long time. I was excited for the witness for a long time, and was not disappointed. I think I am addicted to the feeling when I correctly solve a puzzle and something happens because of it or some sort of progress furthers.Too bad my computer wasn't able to run in HIGH mode - who knew a puzzle game would require so much power? And after couple hours I was forced to stop playing because overwhelming sense of nausea was pushing the limit of my ability to keep it down - I have no trouble playing first person games usually, but this one is really bad :(."
,Recommended,210970,20836329,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Nephyst,The witness is a puzzle game. It is hard. It is beautiful. It is awe inspiring. It is frusterating. It is not a story telling experience. It is hundred little moments of clarity mixed between moments of confusion.If you are looking for a hard core puzzle game you will love this game. Everything in this game has a purpose and reason for being there. Every detail was painstakingly added for a reason. This is a very different game from anything else out there.If you are looking for a game with music and story and dislike solving problems you might want to stay away.
76561198015749913,Recommended,210970,20835280,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,mk_crazycyrax,"I really don't want to repeat anything anyone else has said but,  this is a phenomenal game if you put the time in and really give it a chance.  I bought it here on Steam and for PS4, my wife and I are both hooked on it.  I really don't see an issue with the $40 tag either seeing as how many ""AAA"" are $60+ and pale in comparison in terms of length and quality overall.(this also goes for any good puzzle game)  Once you get some time into the game and come across some of the more challenging puzzles you can't help but admire and respect the person or people that came up with these ideas and solutions.  Just an overall great game that makes you think and work for your progress.  Between this and Braid, I will gladly    buy any game Johnathan and team put out.Not the most informative review but everyone with a positive pretty much summed it up and said it better than I could."
,Recommended,210970,20847788,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Zolkowski,Only get this game if puzzle games appeal to you. There is a nice sense of adventure here that will be ruined the moment you start looking up guides. Doing so will only make figuring out things on your own harder.This is by far the most rewarding puzzle game I have ever played. Progression feels natural and even though there are hundreds and hundreds of puzzles it does not feel overwhelming.Enjoy at your own peril and accept you might not understand everything at first glance. Much patience required.
76561197962386617,Recommended,210970,20806324,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,"TAke a look, y'all:","I would recommend ignoring the dozens of negative reviews from users with less than 2 hours played who were angling for a Steam refund- they are universally bad takes from folks who didn't even scratch the surface of the game. The complaints that the game could be in 2D, or that the envrionment is pointless are ill-founded and kind of comical having played further. Same goes to the reviewers who complained that the walk speed is too slow or that you can't jump. Running is the *only* instruction the game actually provides to you, and complaining about jumping is completely beside the point of the game. Don't get me started on the person who said that the puzzles are ""badly placed""- the Metroidvania structure isn't that difficult to figure out. If you don't know what a symbol means, thats a hint to go elsewhere.What you'll get with The Witness is a clever spin on puzzle gaming where the game isn't necessarily about solving line mazes, but about learning the ever-expanding vocabulary that governs them. It feels very satisfying to learn these rules and apply them all by yourself, and its hard to ever truly feel stuck since you can easily take a break and change gears to try a different set of puzzles with a different set of rules.To those who complain that there isn't a big payoff at the end, or that there needs to be more story or some sort of motivation to continue playing: knowledge is its own reward."
,Recommended,210970,20890332,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,- - Queen Bee,"The Witness is beautiful, and challenging, and I think an interesting game to spend time in. The puzzle difficulty ranges from ""well, DUH"" to ""I'M GOING TO MURDER YOU FOR INFLICTING THIS ON ME"". I would recommend it if you like challenging puzzles and if you want to check out a beautifully crafted little world. At this point I've played just under 20 hours and the only reason I've stopped spending every waking moment at home doing line puzzles is because I feel guilty getting ahead of my buddy who bought it first.A friend and I played a lot of this at about the same time. I found it pretty interesting how almost every puzzle I found impossible, he had no trouble with it. Meanwhile he got stuck at one point for about an hour and asked me to get up to where he was so we could bang our heads on the puzzle together - I got it within seconds of getting there.So yes, it's almost certain there will be at least one set of puzzles that you Just Don't Get. If it's not making your blood pressure raise alarmingly, give it a while and you might crack it, otherwise I'd recommend looking up an answer and moving on to some other puzzles you actually enjoy looking at.Pros:Tons of puzzles.Lots of surprises.A gorgeous and colourful game world.Feeling like an absolute god when you figure out a problem you're having trouble with, or notice the Big Important Thing you needed to notice.Cons:Some puzzles WILL feel impossible.Some puzzles WILL just be massively annoying.Eventually wanting x10 speed to move around because seriously man I just want to get over there already jeez."
,Not Recommended,210970,20796923,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Marjar,"Only played an hour of it before I decided to refund. The main reason for not recommending it is mainly the cost. This is not a game worth $40. It feels too sterile and lifeless. Games like Myst or The Talos Principle have way more variety to their puzzles as well as having a really immersive, interactive world that is exciting to explore. This game just feels like a bunch of line puzzles randomly placed throughout a pretty island. It's way too restrictive with its sluggish walk speed, inability to jump, and overabundance of invisible walls and insurmountable waist-high fences.The puzzles themselves aren't really interesting either. Some of the puzzles aren't even puzzles. They're just memorization. One group of puzzles involves looking at trees at a certain angle and seeing what branch an apple is and replicating that on a monitor. There's no real thought to that at all. On top of that, sometimes failing a puzzle will force you to go back and resolve the previous puzzle to reunlock the puzzle you were just on. That's just unnecessary busy work.I will say though that you should take this review with a grain of salt as it is only based off of an hour of playing since I didn't want to surpass the 2 hour refund limit. Regardless, I just don't think this is worth the absurd price tag. Wait until it's at least half off."
,Recommended,210970,24327963,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cae,"I didn't trust the art-snob critics either, but it really is as good as they say it is."
,Not Recommended,210970,20951451,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,eyeslikefire,"With The Witness, I think the most interesting puzzle for me is how to get my $40 back from Jonathan Blow."
,Recommended,210970,20799827,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,silicas,"This game is hard, but it's very relaxing. The general ambiance is very peaceful, and I find that complimenting the game with some light orchestral music makes for the perfect experience. The key to enjoying this game is to view the panels not as a challenge, but as a lesson. They're not something to be conquered, they're something to be approached on their own terms and handled as one becomes ready.I don’t think that the development team is trying to show off how smart they all are, and how dumb everyone else is. The puzzles aren’t trying to beat you back and dissuade you, they’re enticing you with the opportunity to learn and to understand and to explore. Sometimes, they fail. Most of the time, they succeed.I think the decision to build the game without an engaging narrative is a bit of a double edged sword. On the one hand, I don't feel frustration from not being able to complete the puzzles fast enough to satisfy my narrative curiosity, which was a problem I sometimes had in Portal. I always wanted to hear what Glados had to say next, even more than I really cared about solving the puzzles, a conflict which often led to significant frustration. In The Witness, I don't have to worry about missing out on a captivating narrative, because as far as I can tell, there isn’t one.But, on the other hand, not having an engaging narrative means that this isn’t a game that I can sit and play for long periods of time, especially now that I’ve gotten far enough in that puzzles are taking more than 10 minutes to solve. Even with the music, I find my mind wandering and thinking of other things to do. I just try to take it one panel at a time and when I start getting bored I do something else. When I come back later, I’ve regained some energy and my curiosity and I can enjoy playing once more.Ultimately, I offer my cautious recommendation of this game. If you find that you don’t like it before your refund period expires, just go and get a refund. It won’t get any easier or significantly more engaging any time soon, and you’re better off finding something else that can hold your attention."
,Recommended,210970,20890457,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,WellMax81,"So far this game is teaching me that I'm both stupid and smart.I highly recommend this if you enjoy being challenged. It's gorgeous to look at and the lack of music, with just the ambiance makes this a game you can relax to.The witness doesn't hold your hand and that's a good thing. The complains about it being ""pretentious"" are unfounded. I'd much rather play a game that isn't aimed at the lowest denominator.I've got many more hours to play and I'm massively looking forward to jumping back onto the island."
76561198121758279,Recommended,210970,28648778,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Not An Otter,"PROS1) This game has a lot of puzzles which will blow your mind, if you are equipped to solve the puzzle in the first place.2)The puzzles are difficult but enjoyable once you get a grip on the theme of the game3)Within each area, the tutorial ramps very well. I usually could figure out the mechanics of each area before being pushed into the real ""meat"" of that areaCONS1) It's openworld, except the areas definitly ramp in difficulty and you need to complete each area roughly in the correct order, and that order is not intuitive. If you were going to look anything up for a slight hint at the game, look up the recomended area-order.2)The puzzles become a bit excessive after a while, but that's sort of the point of the game anyways. Each puzzle is different but it starts to feel repetative after a while.Comments:1)This game took me 20 hours to complete. I used a guide lightly through out the game (maybe 4-5 times?)2)Don't bother 100% this game. Just, don't. I looked into it...don't try.3)As many others hac expressed, this is a really hard game to recomend. Although I enjoyed my time, if I had the oportunity to play for the first time again, I probably wouldn't. I almost want to recomend buying it to just experience the concept and play through a few areas, but I also would really want you to finish it. If you REALLY like puzzles, or you want to experience a new twist on puzzles buy this game. If not, don't. I'm going to ""YES recomend"" this game because I did enjoy it, but I'm not far from downvoting it."
76561197996274858,Recommended,210970,26197549,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,tegwar00,"It's definitely not for everyone, but definitely consider it if you enjoy puzzle/logic games. I haven't finished it yet, but I'd put it in my Top 10 of all time."
,Recommended,210970,31924808,Posted: 23 May,all,Teapot,"I don't typically review games, but thought I'd make an exception for this one.This games is:* brilliantly beautiful* deviously challenging* intriguingCouldn't suggest it more if you enjoy logic puzzles and exploration games."
,Recommended,210970,29510023,Posted: 26 January,all,mrfishcake,"The satisfaction from solving a puzzle in the game is the reward for your perseverance; however, you pay for that perseverance in hours. You will spend several hours wandering around the island looking for some inspiration to a puzzle and the game promotes this. The colours, the sounds, and the sceneries are all designed in a way that tries to help you with finding the next solution before the point of frustration, the game tries to be your puzzle muse and calming influence.So with all that said you might believe that I played the game without any help and you would be wrong, I relied heavily on guides that gave me the rules for the different puzzle types and I am happy with that. If this is a game that has you interested but you are worried about the difficulty you should grab the game and embrace your inner cheat, the puzzle rule guides are a good compromise for those of us who are not too clever or just don't have the time."
,Recommended,210970,29556440,Posted: 28 January,all,Larkspur,"Oh this one is freaking me out more and more...At first I thought it was silly of me to feel paranoid when I started the game. Why am I here? What are all those noises? Will those things move if I turn my back to them? Should I avoid attracting attention to my presence here? I was on edge more because of my own inclination to expect being watched or hunted, than because of the setting. The Myst-like atmosphere felt too solitary and pretty to look at to ever realise any of my silly fears.By the time I had settled down and took each lesson the game gave me to heart, learning to utilize the simple tool given to me from the very start, it really threw a curveball. Now it has me paranoid about my very senses instead, expecting every little beautiful vantage point to be there for a purpose, and I'm starting to see puzzles in everything I look at.It might cost me my sanity in the process, but I'm in too deep now to pull away. For better or worse, I am witnessing more than I ever expected. I just hope nothing is witnessing me while I'm at it. One kind of paranoia at a time is enough, thanks.One hell of a trip. Like Antichamber and the Talos Principle painted together by Van Gogh."
,Recommended,210970,34541900,Posted: 27 August,all,Mr.Machinery,"The Witness isn't asking more from you than any other exercise of honest personal exploration, reading a lot of the reviews on here is somewhat disheartening, it gives off the impression that games are for juvenile people with attention problems.If there is a direction towards the expansion of the medium, then this game is possibly the closest we've got to true north. When you leave this game you are different, you have a kind of non-verbal internal dialogue going on, the kind often only associated with deep reflection. In a sea of mediocre games that aim to provide nothing but escapism and cheap thrills, The Witness is a serious development in the capability games have to approach the human condition."
,Recommended,210970,29507238,Posted: 26 January,all,PxlBuzzard,"This is one of the most perfectly designed games ever made. The controls are obvious, the visuals are gorgeous on their own and compliment the gameplay in unexpectedly clever ways. The audio is simple, grounding you in whichever environment you are in. And the puzzle progression is incredible. You cannot simple ""luck"" your way through a puzzle, you have to fully understand why you were able to solve a puzzle before moving to the next one. It is a deeply rewarding progression that allows you to unlock the world at your own pace."
76561197970742305,Recommended,210970,29542331,Posted: 28 January,all,Sole,Excellent puzzle/philosophical game. You need patience and the ability to except you can't instantly solve everything. The less you know about the game the better.
,Recommended,210970,29594222,Posted: 30 January,all,Neuromonada,"I have read reviews where people were saying that every piece of the world in The Witness was perfectly thought thorough and has a purpose. That you have to observe everything. Well... yesterday, by mistake, I found out what they meant and that experience made me write the review as I really wanted to recommend the game. Up to that moment yesterday I was sure The Witness is just boards with mazes. They are fun, of course, solving the hardest is REALLY rewarding, but boy, the reward you get when you discover what I have discovered  - it is this feeling I love in games, something happens and your jaw just drops down. And you are happy because you know developers wanted you to enjoy this exact moment.I am far from solving this mystery but... 10/10 would lose memory to experience this once again."
,Recommended,210970,31638677,Posted: 8 May,all,FaZe Vonnegut,"This game is very hard, and made me feel bad a few times, but I'm having a great time, and I reccomend downloading it, and returning it if you don't like it.  By hour 1.5 you will have experienced the basic loop of the game in it's entirety.I think the reason so many people have mixed opinions onThe Witnessis because they expect something from it other than very hard puzzles, and Thekla (the dev) have brutally compressed this game into only hard puzzles and nice views.  In my opinion, those puzzles are mostly really interesting, instructive, and the good kind of difficult, but you might not think so, and the difference between liking this game, and not liking this game is more about brain-shape than good-taste geniuses vs. bad taste dummies.Let me explain more about game design, and where I struggled so you know what you might be in for: In Braid, Thekla's lead developer's last game, you could hop around and murder rabbits while you chewed on each piece of the hard puzzles, while inThe Witnessyou can:> Look at the puzzle> Try to solve the puzzle> Look at the beautifully designed world while feeling intense anxiety about puzzles> List ends, solve the puzzle already dummy.It's easy to take the simplicity as pressure.  As somebody who played Zelda, I felt like the game expected me to solve the puzzles faster than it actually did, so the game became much more fun as I decided to just lean into the puzzles.  Another stumbling block, for me, was explicit fail states, which is to say,The Witnesswill tell you you did the puzzle wrong, and often punish you for it (this prevents you from mechanically brute-forcing puzzles, andThe Witnesswants to help you do hard things wit your brain instead of easy things wit your fingers) which hurts, it can feel like the game doesn't like you.  The trick is understanding that you are alone with the puzzles, and you have to try to be like a zen master, and really struggle for a while with some of them.  If the idea of that makes you sad, then you're not hardcore enough for this game, and you should probably only play minecraft...story modeyou tiny baby.I came to an existential crisis that everyone I have talked with about the game has come to: ""Why am I playing this game instead of killing myself, I just ♥♥♥♥ing sandblasted my brain with an impossible puzzle for fifteen minutes, and this puzzle looks harder, I feel bad in my chest, there's so many more puzzles and they all look very hard, ugh.""  because parts of this game are unpleasent to get through depending on how the pressure you feel to achieve lines up (ha) with your ability to solve very hard puzzles.The tonic for this problem is either to defeat the anxiety of ""I have to get to the next thing"" by leaning into the problem, switching tasks, or looking that♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a guide, if you must.  Be careful about looking that♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a guide, because that will quickly wreck the game for you if you do too much of it, but I definitely looked some of that♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a guide, feel good about all of it, and advocate your right to look that♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a guide.  The standard I'd reccomend is: ""Do I want to learn what this puzzle is trying to teach me"" and if you don't, then it will not make you happy to solve the puzzle.  If you feel like you need to move on to another puzzle, or never play the game again, move on to another puzzle, one way or another.  Skip things that you find boring, not things that you find difficult, and you'll feel good about the game.A note on accesibility: it's often remarked in negative reviews that vision, or hearing impaired can't play this game.  You can beat the game without doing those sections, which are the shortest, arguably most-skippable, denying you one achievement and the least interesting 5% of the game."
,Recommended,210970,26287333,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Annoying Dog,"The Witness is pretty straight forward. You just go in the world, explore, and progress by solving challenging and often-seeming impossible puzzles. It surely can get repetitive if you dont have the patience to stay in a puzzle for maybe 1 hour, but I can only recommend it for anyone looking something familiar to The Talos Principle. The artistic style of it and how cautious you have to be to notice things you didnt even imagine would exist is its own strong points. (Please rethink of buying it as it is not colourblind and deaf friendly, which, unfortunately, cannot help you progress in the game)."
76561197970879397,Recommended,210970,35208926,Posted: 25 September,all,Greven,A really fantastic game and possibly the best puzzler ever. Many of the puzzles are truly a work of a genius. And sometimes the player also feel like a genius :-)
76561198049217600,Recommended,210970,32738680,Posted: 24 June,all,Bear,"really amazing game. Boy did this game make me mad somethimes, but never without resolve. i was writing down some of teh puzzles on paper and taking them to work because i could not stop thinking about some of teh puzzles and comming back home to try it. and it works! i felt so smart until a got stuck 2 or 3 puzzles later. i advise everyone to play, even if its just for an hour or two."
76561198016140260,Recommended,210970,20977683,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,gis1093,"The Witness is an unexpected journey to forgotten lands of your brain. Since the Portal and Portal 2, I have never been so amazed by overall theme and emotion of the whole game. It feels really as a whole, and not as a decoration for some puzzles and author's ideas.Basically, the game explores one mechanic. But creating new rules, then bending them over to create new rules, combining those rules in different, unimaginable at first, ways - all of this creates an atmosphere, where you are proud of your solutions, even the simplest ones.The game is hard sometimes. I mean, it isn't scary hard, but I had a couple of dozens of puzzles, which stopped me for some significant time. The difficulty in the game increases gradually, which is a big plus for such games. You don't want to stop, because you understand that every minute you spend in the game, you solve something a bit harder, you brain works a bit better, so you are... a lot smarter?There is one thing, where the game even beats Portal games. The environment here holds your attention, which wasn't the part of the game feel in Portal. Trees and sand, rocks and ocean, windmill and autumn leaves, sometimes you just stop and watch the nature of this island. There is more in it, sometimes you can find a small puzzle or secret in an unexpected place, sometimes the environment plays a significant role in puzzle solution and... sometimes the island is the puzzle itself.And in the end, the atmosphere and puzzles don't interfere, but work together to give you the game experience of the year. If there will be another puzzle game of such level, I would call it extraordinary year.P.S. DLC please? Please?"
76561197970886599,Recommended,210970,21389459,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Snarke,"The witness is a divisive game to say the least. The people who like it, really like it. But those who go in expecting something this game is not, are almost certain to walk away disappointed. The following are just some general things about the game. I dare not call them ""facts"" since some things are still subjective, but I try.Whether you will like the Witness or nor depends largely on whether you consider any of the following to be pros or cons.1. A number of puzzles rely on color and sound, more so than you might be used to in other games. Colorblind or tone deaf players be warned.2. Similarly, there are a handful of puzzles with brightly flashing colors which may cause discomfort.3. The Witness is a puzzle game, far more than it is a puzzle-adventure game. It's not Myst. Solving puzzles doesn't give you a new piece of the story. It gives you more puzzles. Story is an afterthought at best.4. The witness has decent atmospheric sound design, but is devoid of almost any background music.5. Some sections you may do 10 or 20 puzzles in a row that are similar except for increasing complexity.6. This game has no tutorials, no hints. Everything is determined by the scientific method. You have to experiment with puzzles to understand how they work.7. When you solve a puzzle in the Witness, there is no fanfare, no sparkles, no gold star rating. For the most part, the only reward is unlocking the next puzzle.8. The Witness is open-world. You can very early in the game go nearly everywhere in the island. It is also likely to throw puzzles at you in the early game that you will need to step away from and come back to much later.9. You will always be drawing lines in this game. There are many different mechanics at work, which make for many unique puzzles, but the method of imputing the solution is always the same. Even switches and levers are line puzzles.10. This game can be really hard, obtuse, and often frustratingly mind-bending. Sometimes, very rarely, it might also be just a little cheap.- The bonus totally not objective sectionUnpopular opinion inbound, but I think I liked this more than The Talos Principle, to which it is compared quite a lot. I like the mental process of solving puzzles, but not really the act of having to show my work, which in Talos Principle might mean 5 to 10 minutes of carrying around boxes through force fields and trying to get a laser angle just right. I already know the answer. I don't want to have to do all the grunt work as well. I want to do a new puzzle.This game allowed me to do just that. Once a puzzle clicked, it took just a few seconds to draw it out, and move on to the next challenge. This wasn't always true. At times the pace set by the puzzles is broken by the languid pace of the world around you, which I suppose is fine, if you are taking the game at a slow pace. Near the end of the game, getting around the island between the few puzzles you might have remaining was also not that much fun anymore, and one or two puzzles were maybe just a bit too obnoxious in the way it regarded my time.Despite this, for the most part, I loved it. It this was one of the most inventive, original and gorgeous puzzle games I had played in a long time."
76561197967138500,Recommended,210970,20911702,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,log_2,"Beautiful game, interesting puzzles, probably my favourite game."
76561198026622604,Recommended,210970,20910831,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,sLowfake,"This game is absolutely amazing.This is a game about learning how puzzles and mechanics work (in the context of the game world), then realising you've been blind your entire life and now everything deserves a second look.A must play, one of the greats."
,Recommended,210970,20979989,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Miss_Lantern,"Отличный пазл. Да и в конце концов, в какой еще игре вы увидите Тарковского?"
76561198025095576,Recommended,210970,20872271,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,foobar,"Wow, just wow."
,Recommended,210970,20915708,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Makin,Buy this only if you don't care that the game has no story and is literally only about figuring out puzzle rules and solving them. Really worth it if you just want hard puzzles.
,Recommended,210970,20927510,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,V5R1X,"This game is one of the greatest puzzle games ever created!The game features no tutorials and no narrative. You're left to your own in a beautiful world to explore. The knowledge you pick up along the way will help you solve the puzzles that stands in your way.I am sure that completion of this game correlates with higher IQ.If you consider yourself an intelligent human being, this game is for you."
,Recommended,210970,20864093,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sarvatt,"Slide to unlock: the game is amazing. rare for games to grip me from start to finish especially something as abnormal as this but it did. TL;DR, amazeballs."
76561197970923812,Recommended,210970,20883193,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,hagai,"Smart and Beautiful, more than just maze puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,20862781,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Squid,"The less you know about this game going into it, the better.  The gradual journey of discovery and surprise the game takes you on is without question its biggest strength. The Witness is overwhelmingly fascinating, and it's easy to develop a sense of obsession seeking more and more answers toward it's mysteries.  You will be challenged, and extremely tempted to spoil things for yourself continually while playing the game.  Though if you do, you'll simply be executing actions through an instruction manual.  You'll remove yourself from the experience.  There will certainly be puzzles you will grow to loathe but it's then, that you should walk away to another area, clear your head and come back later.I feel writing this review is too premature, as even still at 40+ hours I know I have atleast another 40 more to go.  And I don't doubt I'll play through the game again fresh after that.  But I'll wrap this review up to say... if there's any game out there currently that you absolutely need to experience, it's this one."
,Recommended,210970,20862787,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Silver Lining,"Suffice to say that if you don't get an inherent sense of joy and accomplishment from solving complex puzzles, then this is not the game for you. The major driving force behind the game is puzzle solving and uncovering the mysteries of the world in an unconventional narrative.That said, for the puzzle-lovers among us, this is not just ANY old puzzle game, While the puzzles and the world around them seem disconnected at first, the game soon starts playing with your sense of reality and connects the two in clever ways. Puzzles become more metaphoric, and the game starts to communicate with you in its own language.This is not a android lock-screen walking simulator. This is something special."
,Recommended,210970,20959840,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,2pacalypse,"Are you an avid puzzle solver? If so, this game will likely interest you; however, keep in mind, this game will not hold your hand at all. Think of this game as what dark souls is in the hack and slash genre... except replace hack and slash with puzzles. This is an open world puzzle game, probably the only one of its kind. You will get stuck on puzzles in this game, and that's okay. You'll come across puzzles that you have no clue how to solve, at this point, it's time to turn around and explore the world further. Each type of puzzle in this game is like a language. Each area in the game will teach you one of these uninque languange through very easy to solve puzzles... however, quite often you will come across ""languages"" which you have not learned yet, back away and go to another area.From an outsiders perspective, the base medium of the puzzles is very simple, and would make one wonder why such a beautiful game would be made for such a simple concept. This is indeed one of the most ingenious things about the game. The medium of the puzzles is very simple, just as shooting holes in walls in portal, or swinging swords in dark souls with the press of just one button. The mechanics that are developed on top of this very simple medium is what makes the experience so unique. You will need to use the environment in your surroundings in order to solve these line puzzles, very often the line puzzles are solving by the interaction with the world; I will say no further as I refuse to spoil any of the puzzles.With that said, as you are eased into the many languages of puzzles, you will come across very, very tough puzzles. I play many puzzle games, and I would say I am very good at solving puzzles, there were countless times where I was stuck on puzzles that took me in the upwards of 15-20 minutes. Solving these puzzles is just as rewarding as defeating a very challenging boss in the souls series.On the graphics side, this game is absolutely beautiful, one of the most artistic games I've ever played, as you explore the many types of land you will come acorss the many languages of puzzles that I mentioned. Solving the puzzles is very rewarding and clearly the main point of the game, however seeing the beautiful world as you explore from one area to another will have you in awe of the scenary and vibrant colours of the world.The story of this game is told in a very subtle way, similar to how Braid told its story. To many, this game won't have a story, unless you look for it. The environments tell a tail, as do the few audio diaries that spew quotes of history throughout the world. This game respects the players enough to not shove a story down their throat. There is a story, if you want it, look for it (again, very much like dark souls... or Braid if you prefer).10/10 would recommend."
76561198047289821,Recommended,210970,21329723,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,epicNO9,"This game is simply amazing. With great puzzle design and an incredibly detailed island to explore, players are challenged to understand high-level concepts with VERY simple gameplay. So frequently in this game I was given puzzles I was certain were impossible, but through moments of insight, I solved them and was left in awe. While this game is not for everyone, I think it can be a spectacular experience for many if you let it. This game also has massive amounts of content. Even though I have 100%'ed the game, I still feel as if there is more to this game that I am just missing."
,Recommended,210970,20836584,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,niklas,"This game is so meticulously crafted that i have no idea why it took less than 10 years to develop.I solved a bit over 400 puzzles now. They are hard but never unfairly so - you never have to guess, and if you wander around the world, you will certainly learn how to solve that kind of puzzle. This game teaches you how to solve very complicated and abstract problems without a single word. Playing this game feels like a master class in game design.There are puzzles i have not been able to solve yet, some of them might take a few hours or days to solve. But you can just wander to a different part of the island and solve the puzzles there, you can even finish the game that way. Solving every puzzle in this game will be very hard and take a very long time.I am extremely glad i never looked up a solution on the internet, i am sure this would totally ruin the game."
,Recommended,210970,20861075,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Adorufu Hitoraa,"An amazing puzzle game, as many has said before, this isn't just about solving the puzzle, you need to know how it works, the workings of every element and also the will to not give up. Don't get me wrong, it's fine to give up, you need to give up sometimes and explore elsewhere in order to find the workings of the elements. But in order to do so, you will have to put your mind to work."
,Recommended,210970,20883787,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,"yes, this is tim","I lost track of the number of times I quietly sneered at my monitor and muttered something to the effect of ""I cannotbelieveJonathan Blow just made me do that."""
76561198089780384,Recommended,210970,21605305,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Banner,"This is a game that triggers my mind to think about everything encountered in the world, Searching for signs, for patterns, for solutions all around me. I would rate this game really high because it used just one single concept to create such vast veriaty. Another up point is the learning curve and difficulty level of the game. It is so modetate that there were only two times I needed to take out my pen and paper to record down what is in my mind. Everything is well taught before the real challenge comes by. The downside of the game is the ""too-predictatble-pattern"". Everything you encounter will fall under certain pattern. The pattern became predicateble when you know all the tricks of our great game desinger's mind. Ohhhhh, let's not forget about all the architectural decoration in the game. It seemed that this cerater of the island squeezed a lot of brain juice for this game, so he had to leave all his design intention somewhere in the map. That is interesting and fulfilling."
76561198008448899,Recommended,210970,24340279,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Graham Cracker,I like pretty much everything in this game. The Witness has been praised for it's environment and that praise is well deserved. Architecture and the different biomes work very well together and create this beautiful island. The environmental puzzles work geniously with the landscape. The puzzles on screens are awesome and very challenging and I like how the game teaches with only the puzzles. I also like the freedom to go try other puzzles if one gets stuck on some particular puzzle. The two endings I got were pretty and fullfilling. Overall I think this game has great atmosphere and really good gameplay.
76561197966599814,Recommended,210970,20782237,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MG,"An excercise in frustrationThere are key elements to first person puzzle games that The Witness simply does not have.As Portal and The Talos Principle if you add a story and/or humor to a puzzle game you make it seem less hard. While the player has fun laughing at Glados or is pondering the philosophical implications of The Talos principle, the brain gets a chance to relax. To gain perspective.This helps stop the frustration chain.In The Witness there is no music, no story, no context, barelly any tutorials. . Even when there is sound, the effects are minimal and create no mood.So what is left? Graphics, which are nice, puzzles and criptic clues for said puzzles. The simple fact i found in the first two hours of play is that if you take out humor, and other distractions such as Elohim or Glados all you have to think about is your own frustration with some puzzle. Because of that even when i solved the puzzle i didn't feel smart. I felt stupid for taking so long.Also even in the first two hours of play i encounterd two very simple puzzles made hard in an artificial manner: maze puzzles, and regular puzzles translated in the enviroment.  Again i din't feel smart at all. I just felt frustration.This game could have been amazing with some relaxing music to help with player frustration and just a bit more story. The way it is, i can't recomend it.*5 hours later*It a masterpiece.After the first two hours i was sure Jonathan Blow produced a 7 year dud. After another 3 i was ready to un-install and throw my computer towards the closest living thing in the hope i would finally be committed for my genocidal tendencies while playing video games. And then something happens after 7 hours. You start seeing things. I could swear i started hearing music in the game. There is no music in the game. I am now obsessed with the games' puzzles.  I must be losing my mind. But i can't stop. I want to learn more, see more, understand more.This is the Dark Souls of puzzle games."
,Recommended,210970,29938077,Posted: 15 February,all,Kefen,"(TL;DR: no music, great visuals, TONS of varied puzzles and hidden stuff to find, with an optional plot that you will or will not get into. If you're in it for the puzzles, you should be okay.)A beautiful, huge island to explore at length, and a MASSIVE amount of puzzles to solve on the way. That's the way it starts. The game system is easy to understand, the puzzles themselves start easy enough until you get further into the island and realize how devious they get.Let's be clear: The Witness requires a lot of walking around, and to that effect, the beautiful visuals and scattered hidden soundclips help. I read a review mentioning brute-forcing puzzles with unknown mechanics in frustration. They're doing it wrong. Every puzzle type has its own dedicated area, and this is the beauty of the game: The Witnessteaches you things, and it does so very naturally. You'll come across a new area and find a new puzzle type, a very simple one. Then a slightly tougher one. And so on until you get to the difficult one that will ensure you figured out how that specific type of puzzle works. And when you have, many other areas will open to you. It's anintenselygratifying feeling to get in a puzzle game.Granted, some puzzle types are harder to figure out than others, some areas have their own logic based on the environment. This is what's keeping things interesting. You can also largely bypass some of the toughest puzzles and still complete the game.Now, the overall theme and special ending may or may not do it for you. The contemplative tone faintly reminded me of the Talos Principle in a way. Your mileage may vary. At any rate you'll get to hear a few historical quotes, and might get to watch a couple instructive, philosophical (and entirely optional) videos. Note that if you get far enough in the game, the plot actually seems to make slightly more sense, but don't hold your breath.Last detail: with the exception of one zone with audio puzzles, and a couple other specific spots with video or music, there is no soundtrack, only ambient sounds. The good thing is that it allows you to blast whatever genre of music from your own collection while you play. I found a 'Chill' playlist on Spotify to that effect and got a great experience out of it!"
76561198023884900,Recommended,210970,29704046,Posted: 4 February,all,o_O,"The Witness is a polarising game.It's just a lot of simple line puzzles.Lots of things are unexplained.There's no real story.There are some elements you might find pretentious.But if your enjoyment of what it gives you exceeds your annoyance at what it doesn't, it can offer a truly unique and special experience.There are really two elements here - some logic puzzles for you to solve, and an island for you to explore. The puzzles are cool, if you like puzzles. The island is beautiful and fun to discover, if you like exploring (but, as mentioned, don't expect narrative pay-off). Neither of these elements are anything special on their own.The real magic of this game is in how it weaves the two together. It's difficult to describe without spoiling things, but I'll give it a try. You get to a puzzle panel. You try and solve it for a few minutes, but it doesn't make much sense to you. The tricks you learned earlier in the game don't seem to work.Then you notice that you're in a beautiful garden. You just admire it for a while. You notice something slightly odd about the patterns of the flowers. They look almost look like the symbol on the panel. Suddenly it clicks. You solve the panel. The next is almost the same, but you just can't work it out. You start searching for flowers...If this all sounds boring to you, The Witness probably isn't the game for you. But if it's just a little intriguing, you might be like me, in which case you'll play it obsessively over several days and have an experience unless any game you've played before."
,Recommended,210970,20863550,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,fraxyl,A fine puzzling puzzle game.
,Recommended,210970,22597003,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,snakebyte,"I love this game. If you enjoy logical deduction and puzzle solving, you will love it too. If you're expecting an elaborate story you will be greatly disappointed. It is not Portal, but the puzzles are very creative, the scenery is gorgeous, and there are so many hidden secrets to find. The only way the game rewards you is that feeling you get when you discover something new or finally figure out a difficult puzzle."
76561198070044538,Recommended,210970,20829757,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Samumu,"Awesome game. It is a bit slow at first, but give it time and it will grow on you."
76561198022564971,Recommended,210970,20837959,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TheMightyYeti,"Ok, let me start this review by saying that I ALMOST did not buy this game because of a bunch of negative reviews here on steam.  People were scaring me and they were making me feel this was a very inaccessable ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2d mobile game wrapped on in a pretty 3d world.  I ALMOST took these bad reviews word for it and then I realized that just about ALL of them have under 2 hours of playtime.ANYONE WHO GIVES THIS GAME A BAD REVIEW AFTER PLAYING FOR ONLY A FEW HOURS WERE SIMPLY TOO DUMB TO GET ANYWHERE SIGNIFICANT AND THEY SCRATCHED THE SURFACE OF ONE OF THE MOST WELL THOUGHT OUT PUZZLE GAMES OF ALL TIME.This game is amazing.  Seriously, I am not going to spoil much for you here but there is a LOT to do in this game.  I have been going at this walkthrough and spoiler free so far and it is testing my brain more than braid, portal or anything ever has before.  There is so much to consider when solving these puzzles and finding them.  LOOK AROUND.  I bet you missed dozens of puzzles in plain sight but didnt realize.Progression in this game is crazy.  It must have taken a gigantic brain to map all this out.  serious organizational props to mr.Blow.  This is like the metroid of puzzlers.  You dont unlock upgrades but you do learn things in new areas.  as lame as it sounds, knowledge is the upgrade that you get as you run around this crazy gigantic island.Something crazy happened today after I figured out all the hedgemaze puzzles in the castle and There is absolutley progress to be made and an end game on this crazy mystery island.   I have my notebook handy and I have been writing down the games laws as I figure them out.  Just when you think you understands the laws of a certain puzzle dynamic, another one gets added and it kind of ♥♥♥♥s with you because you were sure things only work one way, but they dont.  jotting all this stuff down and drawing lines in a noe book heplls a bunchy bunch.Is this game hard to access?  Yup, sure is.  biggest learning curve I have ever encountered.  It is like if someone handed you a ton of puzzles and just walked away. no hand holding at all.    If your brain cannot think outside the box or if you really do not like testing your mental patience, DO NOT GET THIS GAME.  but if you want to witness one of the most intricate, well thought out puzzle games ever and you are up for a challenge, go for it!amazing game 10/10"
76561197970504289,Recommended,210970,20965393,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,WinstonSmith,This game is a masterpiece.
76561197970083635,Recommended,210970,24749462,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SciBoy,"If you like solving logic puzzles, and I'm not talking like in an adventure game, I mean like in puzzle magazines and such, then you'll love this. I just wish they hadn't been so infuriatingly pretentious about the whole experience. The first soundbite you get is a quote from Albert Einstein, for Pete's sake! I mean, it's not one of the most worn out ones, but it just goes to show you where the creator (Jonathan Blow, I guess) thinks good philosophy comes from.This game is a lot like Talos Principle, which I would recommend you start with before going to this one. Mainly because the puzzles in Talos Principle are a lot more reliant on the medium (first person perspective) than The Witness. This game could really have been made in any format on any platform.That being said, the world built is very pretty and I personally like this kind of puzzle solving. The free roaming nature of the island sometimes mean you have to leave a particularly hard puzzle for a while until you've gathered enough information to solve it elsewhere. There is almost no hand-holding in the game, you have to figure out what to do by yourself. This is by design, however, so again, if you're the kind that is unable to leave a puzzle unsolved, you might not enjoy this. :)Some puzzle sequences are badly constructed. Two easy puzzles followed by one that is 50 times more complicated followed by one that is simple again. But I guess that's down to play-testing, something that Indie-games can't afford as much of, I guess (or is that wrong? sometimes I feel that AAA-companies seem less likely to playtest enough than Indie-game developers).Jonathan Blow may be smart, but I fear that maybe he has surrounded himself with one or two too-many yes-men. He probably should try playing ""Magic Circle"". Instead of the ""Inspirational quotes"" strewn about the island, maybe he should have written some kind of story for the game that we could take part of, or a bunch of little stories. These quotes just make me tired, listening to them drone on and on."
76561198048178250,Recommended,210970,30303667,Posted: 3 March,all,Solid Khan,"At the moment this is $12 on Humble Bundle. I'm a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I thought when I spent $20 on this game some time ago, that the price was still too steep for the gameplay I was experiencing, therefore I refunded it. Now I'm gonna receive this game again at a cheaper price with a bunch of other games too. If you're a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me and don't wanna pay $20 or $40 bucks for this. Check out Humble Bundle. (not an endorsement) (kinda is though)"
,Recommended,210970,32859900,Posted: 27 June,all,Hapex,"I bought it for the look, and was frustrated by the puzzles.  I'm probably going to cheese it just to have a nice walk to be honest.  I've not got unlimited time to spend drawing lines.  Lesson learnt.  Get it if you like puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,25216874,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,StevenSeagal,"Think of The Witness as less of a traditional game you might find on steam, as an artistic gameplay showcase. It may seem simple on the surface of just click and drag puzzles to solve, but the way they are presented and taught are absolute genius. The game's art is phenomenal and an absolute necessity for the puzzle solving involved. Playing through this with intentionally no help really made me appreciate all the design decisions around the various puzzles and themes they have scattered throughout. The Witness is slow, repetitive, and you don't get much (if any) of a story out of it, but it's probably one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Some might scoff at the price tag, but I think it's worth every penny.Story time. I had been banging my head against some puzzle with almost no way to solve it that was immediately apparent. Yet, when the envionrment interacted with me just right (shadow, or direct sunlight, or obscuring my line of sight) the solution was right in front of me the whole time. Cracking the puzzles and getting to that ""ah ha!"" step of learning is what The Witness is all about. It's not action-oriented, it's not hipster indie artsy-for-its-own-sake, but it's raw and simple genius."
76561197971370114,Recommended,210970,20810570,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DarkEnergon,"You have to stick around... keep playing. There's more here than what's apparent at first. The puzzles are fun and challenging, the environment is gorgeous and full of mystery, and the way everything unfolds is truly unique and very effective. I love games where you genuinely feel like you've figured something out or unlocked something that was hidden. I'll say the same thing that's been said before...  don't use a guide. Just don't. Everything will become apparent after you've played for a little bit. It's hard to say ""if you've played ____, you'll like this game"" because there's really nothing like it. The closest thing I can say is it's a little bit Myst and a little bit Portal and a little bit Rubick's Cube. Everything mixes together nicely with some incredible graphics to boot. I'm playing on a mid-high end PC and it looks incredible. The high frame rate on PC really makes the world come alive in a way that it doesn't on the PS4. I'm having a great time with the game and I've become addicted to it. Supposedly there's around 80 hours of gameplay... I'm only 17 in, I can't imagine what else I have ahead of me. Highly recommended."
76561198023121380,Recommended,210970,20811557,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,AngusOReilly,"Some look at this game and see a collection of nearly identical puzzles.  I won't lie to you, you interact with puzzles in mainly one way in this game.  But the logic of the puzzles is so varied and challenging, and the environmental impact on the puzzles is very distinct and keeps a somewhat simple idea really fresh for hours on end.   Most games have a primary way of interacting with the game (in shooters, you shoot, etc.), and The Witness is no different.  But the way in which the game distorts these puzzles, uses them to challenge what you already understand, and incorporates a beautiful environment makes The Witness a memorable and very enjoyable experience.  The world is vast, with lots of places to explore and secrets/easter eggs to find when you want to take a break from the basic puzzle.  The Witness does follow the recent trend of not giving the player much (if any) story directly, instead relying upon the environment and some hidden pieces to build the story of the world.  This approach may not resonate with everyone, but I feel that it fits the story being told.  I'd highly reccomend this game to anyone who like puzzles or wants to think a bit when playing their next video game.  9.5/10"
76561198060743903,Recommended,210970,20811515,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Magnitude,"I rarely review or rate games on Steam however I feel compelled to for this game, which is the best game I've played in a very long time.I enjoy puzzle games and remember playing Myst on my first PC as well as the Monkey Island games, The 7th Guest and the like. Games that required a notebook for keeping up with clues and trying to solve large puzzles. This is that kind of game. I unlocked the end game after 439+42 puzzles, and there are still more I'm discovering and working to complete. Those who are saying that it is the same puzzle over and over have not delved far enough to see what is amazing about the game. The puzzles are layered and layered, the starting ones are simple, the end ones are a nightmare, and I was learning and adjusting my thinking all the way to the end.If you are expecting an easy game or something to hold your hand you'd be out of luck here. If you are looking for a serious challenge that gives you a sense of accomplishment, you'll find this is the best game out there for that."
,Recommended,210970,20995331,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ajunk,Best puzzle game I've ever played? Hard to qualify a claim like that but playing this game certainly makes you wonder.
76561198010674085,Recommended,210970,20810860,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,370H55V,"Was wary after reading some of these negative reviews, but after playing I don't know what they're talking about. It's a puzzle game and it has puzzles. If you like puzzles then buy it. If you don't like puzzles then don't buy it. If you want a story then play a game with a story. This game does have theming as well that I haven't had a chance to see much of yet, but there is more than just puzzles if you look for it. The puzzles are fun and varied and I enjoyed the way you have to figure out the rules for the puzzles yourself. The scenery looks amazing as well, especially the water."
,Recommended,210970,20983774,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dulahey,Great so far!
,Not Recommended,210970,28964868,Posted: 2 January,all,Artemis,"As someone who loves puzzle games, I find this difficult to recommend.  Not because the puzzles aren't good: they're very challenging and I like how they evolve.  It's that I feel the game is misleading.  It comes with all the trappings of a traditional 3D game with a world for exploration and a story-arc: but there's nothing there.  You wander around an empty artificial world full of puzzles with people frozen in place like statues: why are you here?  are you being tested?  Are those statues or once-living people?  None of these questions are even addressed, much less answered.Now, I'm probably being unfair, as it seems to me the lack of explanation is the intended theme: the game appears to be about the scientific process and coming to understand a world that doesn't come with a manual or tutorial, and I appreciate that.  However, I'm not sure that works as a game.  The puzzles feel separated from the environment, leaving your jaunts through forests feeling pointless.  Without narrative reward for solving puzzles, you don't feel a real drive to move forward, because all you have to look forward to after the puzzle is another puzzle, and another, and another, until the game abruptly ends.If you're a puzzle fan, you may not care about all that though.  Don't get me wrong: the puzzles themselves are interesting, expect to approach learning them like a scientist: you create hypothesis, experiment, and repeat until you start to understand it's rules.  They're very well designed and challenging logic puzzles.  My only complaint with them is that towards the end they seem to run out of ideas on how to make more challenging puzzles, so they just make them flash, scroll, spin, and rotate in order to make it harder to see what you're doing.  That isn't really more challenging, it's just more tedious.  However, if they took out the game-environment and made an mobile game app about solving the line puzzles, I'd probably love it.tl;dr: Don't expect any sort of narrative or exploration or really anything outside of line-puzzles.  Only buy if you're a big fan of logic puzzles and probably wait until it's on sale, since the price is rather steep."
76561198168613058,Not Recommended,210970,21241225,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mikrofyr,"Initially good. Nice look and interesting puzzles.After 1-2 hours you realize that the game is just repeating itself and all excitement is lost. There are a couple of nice twists to the puzzles but it's mostly the same stuff over and over again. I really like puzzle games, but this game is way too boring even for me.List of bad properties:- Insanely repetitive- No story- No music/vague atmosphere- No jumping, high count of invisible walls- No fast travel"
,Recommended,210970,20871190,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,wgren,"If you like puzzle games, and beautiful stylish high budget ones like Portal or The Talos Principle, this is the game for you. Just like the time mechanics in Braid were layered with more and more aspects and a-ha moments, the seemingly simple ""draw a line puzzle"" keeps being built upon, requiring noticing hints in the world, lateral thinking, and remembering puzzles done earlier. There is no music, just beautiful ambient sounds, which I think is a good choice. While the music in Talos Principle is great, eventually I got tired of it. Graphics are similarly sparse, going for bright, pastel colors and smooth plain surfaces instead of high resolution textures. Think functional archtecture or zen gardens.If I could think of anything to criticise, it would be nice with more achievments for boasting rights and to get a greater sense of progress, it currently only has two achievements, which I suspect are ""completed the game"" and ""found every secret and did every damn puzzle in the game"". But maybe that is another aspect of the minimal, zen like design, teaching you to shed youself of the trappings of modern gaming and appreciate the beautify of the essence."
,Recommended,210970,21223089,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sir Spicious,"Probably one of the most engaging and interesting, both visually and gameplay-wise puzzle games I've played in my entire life. This game has given me some amazing feelings of accomplishment, and is probably gonna be the first game I'd recommend if anyone asked me for a good puzzle or exploration game.The world is beautiful, the game teaches you how to play in an innovative and minimalistic (, and very enjoyable) way, and the sound design is very satisfying.Easily a 10/10 game if anything that smells like puzzles or exploration could ever appeal to you."
76561198006886812,Recommended,210970,20861866,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,QuaziPance,"I'm loving this game. This is clearly a masterpiece made by someone who put themselves completely into a project and knew exactly what they were doing. Every rock, cloud, puzzle, movement, etc. is placed exactly where it should be. If you can't find something clever to smile at in this game then you are hopelessly lost."
,Recommended,210970,20845121,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,@ryanfaceryan,This game is pretty great. The puzzles are sometimes quite tricky and 'sleeping on it' literally can help you solve some.The new engine they built somehow blends 'soft and sharp' in such a way that combined with the attention they've paid to the art make it... unlike anything I've ever seen. It's truely a very pretty game.Can't say I've ever seen anything that is visually like it. I hope they make enough money off this game so they can make their next masterpiece!
,Recommended,210970,20882180,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Apelsin,Interesting concept and beautiful graphics.
76561198037202010,Recommended,210970,20884661,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Pr0tagonist,I wish steam had a little more then yes or no to recomindations cuse my recomendations is sort of and I'm haveing trouble if I want it be yes or no. Also fyi I have compleated everything in the game with no walthrough. The only thing I didn't do was get all the collectables cuse I really have no interest in doing that.Basicly the magic of this game is that it is a puzzle game with an exstreamly smooth difficulty curve. Towords the end your are solving puzzles that are exstreamly challenging and you probly didn't notice when this game suddenly got hard. This is supper impressive and requires remarkable game designe wich this game has in spades. And it's dubbly impressive that the game teaches all of it's many complex ruls through gameplay making the tutoriouls the most intertaing sections cuse you truely feel like you are getting better and smarter. To get an idea of how the puzzle sections work think portal if glados wasn't telling you what to do (I don's say myst cuse the story/puzzle mix those games have is non-exestent here like portal those two things are keept in seprate boxes in the witness).what was trully amazing is that even though the island small in size and by the end of it I knew where everything was and what was the quickest path to get there every time I passed through and area I had been before I would notice something new.So if you haven't decided yes I'm going to buy this game based on what I said above I don't think this game's for you cuse plot and world is where this game compleatly falls apart in my opionon and to call it pretentous is being too kind.Basicly the world feels lifeless beacuse there is no music and verry little animation. For the vast majority of the game the only real hints as to what this island is are audio files with quoats from famous pepole about religon/ science and when you get basicly to the end and it's a little (I stress a little) clearer as to the actual plot.But even after that the story feels chep and hollow. The writter of the game seems to be trying to make a profound statment about how games can be more then entertainment and can be enlightening/meaningful (I agree) but when there dosn't appear any original thoughts of the developers own in the story it just made me feel like the hollow story was extra hollow.I've come to expect from a game that wants me to spend 30+ hours in it's world I want that world to ether be a world I want to be in or a world that is teaching me something. I feel like the developer despritly wanted to teach me something but lacked the currage or cofidence to tell me something that wasn't directly taken from well respected philosiphers or the like and if I was interested in that I'd just go to the source. If the argument was that I wouldn't hear these quoats or thoughts otherwise I find that insulting and would rather my games not insult me.As to the complaints that the game is $40 those complaints are pritty stupid. The game is masterfuly crafted with lots of original content. Sure it's no the same level of content as say skirym or something like that but something this original takes extra effort and there was probbly a lot correctly on the cutting room floor as the delopers were feeling outside the normal gernra norms. I feel like if the game story and or overaching levels came together better in the end like a myst or something like that I'd say $40 is a steal but as it is I think it may be a little over priced but if you see this for $30 you'll get your $'s worth so $40 day one is fine by me.Final not the 2nd achevent without spoiling anything was the most stressful/fun thing I've had to do in a video game in years so for me my time with the game was enjoyable but objectivly the game is overly lopsided.
,Recommended,210970,20886087,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,QuestaDay,"It's not perfect, but what it does right, it does VERY right. Certainly the Witness is the best puzzle exploration game since Myst.The environment and art style, for example, are beautiful, colorful, and uplifing. In fact I even think this game has singlehandedly cured my Seasonal Affective Disorder and am curious how video games like The Witness could help people as therapy to deal with depression and other mental disorders.In any case I wholeheartedly appreciate the many ways the landscape bleeds and meshes into the very puzzles themselves.I've played this game for hours and hours and have certainly gotten my moneys worth and I haven't even scrateched the surface of beating the game yet.Looking forward to more great games from this developer"
76561198029211752,Not Recommended,210970,27982669,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bolathia,"This puzzle game has some entertaining puzzles to solve. However, you will very quickly realize that it only has one type of puzzle. It has nothing but walking around and solving a different take on the same puzzle several dozen times. Along with its lack of different puzzles, it lacks music for most of the game, and it doesn't have any real payoff for solving the puzzles except to continue.If you like puzzles, I recommend only buying it on sale and listing to a book or podcast while you play."
,Recommended,210970,20855607,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,FuriousCoder,"The Witness is a puzzle game, yes, but it is also about learning, discovery, philosophy, religion, understanding yourself and the world. This is both a game, and art, and if you are a person who enjoys repeated ""Ah Ha!"" moments, this is the game for you. Rich in depth and beauty, any ""ending"" of the game merely unlocks new areas that remain to be discovered. Completing the ""main area"" took about half the time as every other thing I subsequently discovered, and I still am awed by the beauty and intricate details that I continue to find scattered purposefully around this island.You will not like this game if your idea of fun is blowing stuff up, shooting zombies or nazis, racing quickly, trash talking, achievement hoarding, a talky-story (although there is excellent spoken dialog), or instant rewards for solving the tiniest challenge. This is a thinking game, a game about enlightnment and what it means to understand, fully, pretty much anything.Some complained that $40 was too expensive. I feel it is too cheap, because the takeaways are probably equivalent to college courses on mathematics, logic, science, philosophy, and comparative religion, rolled into a highly entertaining experience."
,Recommended,210970,20776741,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ultro,"What a beautiful game! Puzzle interface design is top notch. No music.It is a clever game that makes you think you are clever too, and maybe you indeed are :)  Very difficult, expect to take notes on real paper, make screenshots, think for dozens of minutes about some puzzles (and there is hundreds of them), but it is also very rewarding experience, when your mind clicks :)Environment at times is so beautiful that it beats many AAA titles by a mile, despite rather minimalistic yet colorful graphics.Whitness is the Dark Souls of puzzle games, let’s hope next game will be Bloodborne of puzzles genre."
,Recommended,210970,20776874,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,RyokeenX,"At about 2.5 hours in and a couple frustrating (in the best possible way) moments later I had to stop to write a review. Somehow this game is only ""Mostly Positive"" and it seems the people who are not pleased have some sort of surround sound bug (legitimate complaint) or simply played for an hour, maybe two and never reached a complex puzzle, never asked a single question, ""What is that?"" ""Why am I here?"" ""How do I get there to do that?"" There's no spoon feeding here. You must work your way through and you must want to do so.The game is absolutely beautiful, and there are many subtle sounds and visual ques along the way which add to the whole vibe the game seems to be working toward. I have already taken several screen shots and I expect to take many many more by the end of the game. It's simply stunning.So unless you're not a puzzle gamer, or you've got legit concerns about your surround sound headphones... this game is fully worth the full price.10/10 Best single player game I've played in a while!"
,Recommended,210970,20880850,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,sfear,"The puzzles are all based on the same simple mechanic, but what Blow has done with it is amazing. Hats off."
,Recommended,210970,20787361,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,tears,"After 3.5hrs I KNOW this is a good game. I have a book next to me filling up with sketches of puzzles, translations of shapes that I couldn't do in my head... and I want more."
76561198066788499,Recommended,210970,20790778,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,sergioengineer,"This games puzzles are generally harder than the talos principle and that can get you somewhat frustrated if you don't like that kind of increasing difficulty.Each area has a variation of the same 2D puzzle and they will present you that variation over and over increasing the difficulty. That also makes you feel like the game is repeating the same puzzle.I've played 5h so far and enjoyed the game.I was expecting something more in the adventure puzzle line, but this one has been quite fun, but I would recommend you to watch a gameplay video first before buying. It's not because you like puzzle games that you are going to like this one.I'd say that if you enjoyed playing ""hook"" and ""lyne"" games, then you will probably like this one."
,Recommended,210970,20779066,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Peanut Arbuckle,"Im only a few hours in and I haven't got the logic figured out just yet. Just when you think you know how things work, the game throws you for a loop. Visually pleasing... I would have liked a subtle soundtrack to flow with the game, but that's a minor thing and it's probably best in a game like this to not have music play only to drive the player nuts... the puzzles will do that. This is a great game if you want a peaceful gaming experience while work through some logic puzzles. Recommended."
,Recommended,210970,20979713,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,"good work solvin that puzzle, for a reward here's a nerd talking like he's real smart but not actually saying anything beyond phil 101that puzzle was pretty dope tho"
,Recommended,210970,22588869,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,AK-47 Penguin,"When you finish The Witness, you are not the same person as before you started the game.SPOILERS AHEADThe entire game is not just a puzzle game. It is a metaphor to life: puzzles are not just found in the game. They are found all over the island, and all around us in real life. If we put our minds to something, there is no puzzle tha we can't solve.From finding theentire underground cave systemto leisurely solving puzzles, this game is a complete and udder masterpiece."
,Recommended,210970,22851220,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sweater God,"One of my favorite games of all time. The Witness does an amazing job of teaching the player the mechanics with no verbal or written communication. It really feels like Jonathan Blow respects your intellegence as a player. I don't think this game is for everyone, but if it clicks with you, it's a very engaging experience."
,Not Recommended,210970,28963726,Posted: 2 January,all,Qizzok,"I got The Witness after reading mixed reviews and I can now see why. I'm a huge fan of puzzles and open world exploration, and the ideas in this game are masterfully clever - but I don't think it's a good game.I never got tired of the core gameplay - the variety of puzzles available surprised me, actually, and it requires a lot of lateral thinking to get through them. However, I found myself on several occasions unable to progress because I hadn't noticed a very slight detail, even though nothing I was doing was wrong. You don't need to complete every puzzle to win, but it's still frustrating.My main complaint is with the ending. After a final round of puzzles that test everything you know up to that point, the game ends with two timed puzzles that are randomly created. Everything else in the game you can look up a solution if you just want to experience the next part of the game, so gating the ending to only those able to figure out a solution - and it's timed - feels petty to me. It didn't make the puzzles harder, it didn't challenge me differently, it just keeps the ending away from anyone who can't solve it. That, to me, is hugely arrogant game design.Then, after you watch the end cutscene, it puts you back at the beginning of the game. I now have the choice of playing from the beginning of the game with all progress cleared, or going back to one hour before I won. Not saving right before the end, in a game I assume partially made to comment on the player's obsession with completion, was just a little insulting.I enjoyed playing but I won't play again. It's maybe a $7-$10 game. Not worth it unless there's a really good sale."
,Recommended,210970,20778474,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Hawf,"In only the first few hours of the game I've already been caught by how ingenious some of the little tricks in this game are.Visually pleasing and mentally challenging, this more than lives up to Braid.A+"
76561197980971062,Not Recommended,210970,28208653,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Big Boss Nass,"I was really excited for this game when I first heard about it since I love puzzle games like Myst, The Room series, etc. But 40 dollars is too much for this game, way too much. This game tricks you with all of its pretty colors and mysterious imagery, you think you are going to be interacting with cool things in the environment like you do in The Room and Myst, but no... It is ♥♥♥♥ing mazes. All ♥♥♥♥ing mazes. This whole game is mazes. Sure they do a few creative things with the mazes but after a while they get so ♥♥♥♥ing boring. It ends up being really hard maze puzzle after really hard maze puzzle after really hard maze puzzle... rinse and ♥♥♥♥ing repeat. It really kills the game, the bordom and repetition.It was so disappointing. When you find yourself looking up solutions to the puzzles, not because they are too hard, but because they are ♥♥♥♥ing boring and time consuming, then your puzzles have ♥♥♥♥ing failed. The best thing about this game is the (Spoiler) environmental puzzles. The first time you find one, it just blows your mind! That is where the game really starts to shine, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing about it is that once you get all the environmental puzzles it does absolutely nothing. It is so disappointing.This game borders on the pretentious. It is more a work of art than a game, and I think that is what kills it. There is no satisfying ending or closure of any kind. Sure there is a eureka moment when you realize what The Witness is about, but the problem is that that happens halfway through the game. The rest of the game after that point is just pointless. The game treats it's puzzles like they themselves are the reward for solving them. Which would be fine, if the ♥♥♥♥ing puzzles were interesting instead of just ♥♥♥♥ing mazes! I am an artist, and I went to art school, I understand what this game saying. The problem is is that it is just boring.This game ended up making me depressed, and not like a good kind of depressed like games like The Last of Us pull off. The Witness just makes you feel depressed, that this mysterious, colorful, and breathtaking world didn't live up to your expectations, that the second half of the game is pointless, the endings offer no closure whatsoever. And there is something else that I just can't quite put my finger on as to why this game made me feel bad. I just can't explain it. I guess it was just the disapointment. I was hyped for this game, and I thought it was going to be something it wasn't.In the end this game feels more like you are in a contemporary art gallery than a world with a story that wants to be told. It is very subjective in it's interpretations. It is a mystery without an answer and it shows you that what matters is not finding out the answers, what matters is searching for those answers. I personally love these kinds of concepts. They are not normally explored in media like video games, and now I understand why that is. Boredom. The Witness isn't about what happens at the end, it is about how you get there, but like I said prior, that would be fine if how you get there wasn't through hundreds of boring maze puzzles."
,Not Recommended,210970,30962995,Posted: 5 April,all,Hankofficer,"The puzzle itself is fine, but as a game it is disappointing. Besides beautiful landscape, there is no story and music. You cannot enjoy the game if you're not a hardcore puzzle solver."
,Recommended,210970,20800030,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Neayr,"The Witness is a great puzzle game. It's the first game in a long time that I've actually wanted to take notes for while I play (screenshots + annotations maybe?).  The puzzles start out simple and just keep gaining more layers.  Playing the game feels like being on your own personal ""Lost"" Island.  It has a bit of a myst feel to it as well.  Overall, I'd highly recommend this game if you enjoy puzzle games!"
,Recommended,210970,20802761,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,WakiMiko,"Absolutely amazing game.Yes it's all line puzzles but they never get boring. Every area introduces a new mechanic and/or symbol. Then puzzles start to combine several of them, making it harder and harder.Think of the puzzles as a way to interact with the environment. Where other games might have a simple switch or a button, this one has a panel featuring a puzzle."
,Recommended,210970,20799989,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,renderpaz,A refreshing challenge. Uniquely beautiful and bespoke feeling throughout.Large simple -looking- puzzles are possible to play socially. My wife often joins in on more challenging puzzles.
76561198008899703,Recommended,210970,28620780,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Luckless Legend,One word: Genius!
76561198095049611,Recommended,210970,33241461,Posted: 4 July,all,Wolf Winchester,"This is such a good looking and fun game! I love puzzle games and this is one of the best puzzle games I've ever played, and it is by far the best looking! The game doesn't push you in one way, it lets you explore the world at your own pace and do puzzles in whatever order you want to.  There is also these recorders around the map you can find with some pretty intense quotes in them by people from all eras, and one of them is voiced by I believe to be the same person who voiced Ellie (Ashley Johnson) because it sounds exactly like her.  But anyways if you love puzzles and great looking games BUY THIS GAME!If you ever read negative comments about this game it's most likely about them not being good at solving puzzles and getting salty over the fact that they don't show you how to do every puzzle!  But why would you buy this game in the first place if you didn't want a challenge?  If you get stuck on a puzzle leave it and come back to it later, or look it up online.I've had a lot of fun so far exploring the map and solving puzzles when I see them.  LET IT BE KNOWN!! This game isn't for everyone, if you want a super awesome rich story line with a great plot, you will not get this from this game, it is more of a create your own story in this game because there isn't any talking besides the tape recorders.  And if you give up easily on hard tasks or you're easily angered when you're struggling I cannot recommend this game to you, because the game does get quiet difficult in some of the puzzles.But if you are up for the challenge buy this game, you won't regret it.10/10 Game- Made me write the longest review I'll ever write."
,Recommended,210970,28545377,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Trevie,"This game is challenging, not just in that it is filled with difficult puzzles, but also in that it explores very subtle and complex thematic ideas about video games through its gameplay. If you are willing to listen closely to the things that are going on in the game (and this is pretty hard, because it almost never outright says them), then you are in for a mind-expanding experience."
76561198045650841,Recommended,210970,29922698,Posted: 14 February,all,awheywood,"The Witness is a triumph of games as art, though I think it could have been a more cohesive and compelling piece if it had truly had no language whatsoever; the message of the game is conveyed so thoroughly by the gameplay that, to me, the supplemental quotes felt superfluous and too on the nose, artifacts of older, more comfortable art forms.  Even so, for me, The Witness succeeded in its apparent mission of inspiring awe.Gameplay-wise, if you enjoy drawing lines on grids that fulfill certain rules, and figuring out what those rules are without explanation, The Witness is delicious.  The environmental puzzles are only okay, but the spatial reasoning rules produce some really lovely epiphanies.  And there are deeper mysteries to the game that reminded me of that scene in Westworld where Ed Harris finds a map on the inside of some poor guy's scalp--just an utterly bizarre and unexpected layer of puzzles underlying the apparent game.There are some ways in which The Witness could be less remote and inscrutable.  After I activated all the lasers, I spent hours wandering around the island looking for another one, because I thought there'd be some dramatic indication that I'd activated the final one; if there was, I didn't see it.  Accessing the post-game content requires some very careful observation, though in its defense it follows rules the game laid out earlier.  But these are minor blemishes in an otherwise fantastic (and at times profound) experience."
,Recommended,210970,26129687,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,{SK} Quadragoon,"I thought I was the dumbest person in the world when I finally solved the puzzle - the solution was so simple, all along! Then, later on, there was another puzzle, the rules of which were different. I solved it immediately and felt like a genius. Combining the rules of those puzzles I constructed a solution to a third puzzle. My doing so opened a locked door. The door led me to an underground cavern lit by torches and full of mysteries waiting to be examined.It's beautiful. It's complicated. It's difficult, but sometimes - inexplicably - not.It's The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,31307810,Posted: 22 April,all,Jolly_Jukebox,"The puzzles are hard enough, but easy to do  to keep you interested. The secrets and storyline is amazing. And the art style is just mesmorizing. I strongly recomend this game."
76561198128945961,Recommended,210970,35162979,Posted: 23 September,all,BlazinZeppelin,"An excellent game for those who are completionists and puzzle gamers. There is so much in this game and I've done about 70% (maybe even less) of everything in it, even though I completed the main story. The setting is really good looking, and the puzzles are varied, challenging, and very interactive. It is not easy though, so if you are the type who never wants to cheat and use walkthroughs, then you are going to have your work cut out for you. The only complaint I have is the story, since there basically isn't one except for several audio recordings that are about nothing and try to be deep and meaningful. If you don't care about story though, this is a great game that is worth the high price tag if you're a fan of the genre, otherwise wait for it to go on sale like I did."
76561198018973200,Recommended,210970,31425598,Posted: 28 April,all,CheeseNecker,"Up there you go around every hour and a half, time after time after time. You wake up usually in the mornings. And just the way that the track of your orbits go, you wake up over the Mid-East, over North Africa. As you eat breakfast you look out the window as you're going past and there's the Mediterranean area, and Greece, and Rome, and North Africa, and the Sinai, the whole area. And you realize that in one glance that what you're seeing is what was the whole history of man for years - the cradle of civilization. And you think of all that history that you can imagine, looking at that scene.And you go around down across North Africa and out over the Indian Ocean, and look up at that great subcontinent of India pointed down toward you as you go past it. And Ceylon off to the side, Burma, Southeast Asia, out over the Philippines, and up across that monstrous Pacific Ocean, vast body of water - you've never realized how big that is before.And you finally come up across the coast of California and look for those friendly things: Los Angeles, and Phoenix, and on across El Paso and there's Houston, there's home, and you look and sure enough there's the Astrodome. And you identify with that, you know - it's an attachment.And down across New Orleans and then looking down to the south and there's the whole peninsula of Florida laid out. And all the hundreds of hours you spent flying across that route, down in the atmosphere, all that is friendly again. And you go out across the Atlantic Ocean and back across Africa.And you do it again and again and again.And that identity - that you identify with Houston, and then you identify with Los Angeles, and Phoenix and New orleans and everything. And the next thing you recognize in yourself, is you're identifying with North Africa. You look forward to that, you anticipate it. And there it is. That whole process begins to shift of what it is you identify with. When you go around it in an hour and a half you begin to recognize that your identity is with that whole thing. And that makes a change.You look down there and you can't imagine how many borders and boundaries you crossed again and again and again. And you don't even see 'em. At that wake-up scene - the MID-EAST - you know there are hundreds of people killing each other over some imaginary line that you can't see. From where you see it, the thing is a whole, and it's so beautiful. And you wish you could take one from each side in hand and say, ""Look at it from this perspective. Look at that. What's important?""And so a little later on, your friend, again those same neighbors, another astronaut, the person next to you goes out to the Moon. And now he looks back and he sees the Earth not as something big, where he can see the beautiful details, but he sees the Earth as a small thing out there. And now that contrast between that bright blue and white Christmas tree ornament and that black sky, that infinite universe, really comes through. The size of it, the significance of it - it becomes both things, it becomes so small and so fragile, and such a precious little spot in that universe, that you can block it out with your thumb, and you realize that on that small spot, that little blue and white thing is everything that means anything to you. All of history and music and poetry and art and war and death and birth and love, tears, joy, games, all of it is on that little spot out there that you can cover with your thumb.And you realize that that perspective . . . that you've changed, that there's something new there. That relationship is no longer what it was. And then you look back on the time when you were outside on that EVA and those few moments that you had the time because the camera malfunctioned, that you had the time to think about what was happening. And you recall staring out there at the spectacle that went before your eyes. Because now you're no longer inside something with a window looking out at a picture, but now you're out there and what you've got around your head is a goldfish bowl and there are no limits here. There are no frames, there are no boundaries. You're really out there, over it, floating, going 25,000 mph, ripping through space, a vacuum, and there's not a sound. There's a silence the depth of which you've never experienced before, and that silence contrasts so markedly with the scenery, with what you're seeing, and the speed with which you know you're going. That contrast, the mix of those two things, really comes through.And you think about what you're experiencing and why. Do you deserve this? This fantastic experience? Have you earned this in some way? Are you separated out to be touched by God to have some special experience here that other men cannot have? You know the answer to that is No. There's nothing that you've done that deserves that, that earned that. It's not a special thing for you. You know very well at that moment, and it comes through to you so powerfully, that you're the sensing element for man.You look down and see the surface of that globe that you've lived on all this time and you know all those people down there. They are like you, they are you, and somehow you represent them when you are up there - a sensing element, that point out on the end, and that's a humbling feeling. It's a feeling that says you have a responsibility. It's not for yourself.The eye that doesn't see does not do justice to the body. That's why it's there, that's why you're out there. And somehow you recognize that you're a piece of this total life. You're out on that forefront and you have to bring that back, somehow. And that becomes a rather special responsibility. It tells you something about your relationship with this thing we call life. And so that's a change, that's something new.And when you come back, there's a difference in that world now, there's a difference in that relationship between you and that planet, and you and all those other forms of life on that planet, because you've had that kind of experience. It's a difference, and it's so precious. And all through this I've used the word you because it's not me, it's not Dave Scott, it's not♥♥♥♥♥♥Gordon, Pete Conrad, John Glenn, it's you, it's us, it's we, it's life. It's had that experience. And it's not just my problem to integrate, it's not my challenge to integrate, my joy to integrate - it's yours, it's everybody's."
76561197970676917,Recommended,210970,33434469,Posted: 10 July,all,kallanreed,"Draw a line... in a maze... separating the colors... connecting some dots... but keep two of these together... now all at the same time... don't forget to look around you.I'm still not finished, but it's amazing how well The Witness holds your attention with variations on a very simple puzzle. The world is beautiful, the puzzles start out simple but get deliciously mind bending. It's hard. It's rewarding. If you like puzzles, buy this and be amazed at the clever puzzle design."
76561198046818886,Recommended,210970,34407226,Posted: 21 August,all,Cat Cat Mountain Lord (Premium),"A great game with tons to discover, beautiful and makes you pay attention to the layout.However you reach a point of diminishing returns close to game end, that discourages some of the most fun puzzle hunting."
,Not Recommended,210970,20782059,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Premium meme thief,"Pretty boredom simulator 2016, seriously don't bother with this game.It's a waste of money, I was expecting a lot better for the price tag, not snake/line puzzle solving EVERY SINGLE TIME.There is no depth or story to this game. Not sure who thought it was a good idea to make a puzzle game that will eventually require a notebook and pen. That is so annoying.There is no reward for completing puzzles and it's not intuitive at all.Pros:I like the art styleCons:Puzzles are almost always the same with very minor differencesBasically no storyline apart from some people talking about basic philosophyNo reason to keep playing, as this game doesn't reward youThe game is that boring, I am uninstalling after barely 2hours of play.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DON'T PLAY THIS GAME, EVEN IF IT'S FREE."
,Recommended,210970,21024430,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jespertheend,"Not for everyone, but I definitely liked it. One of the best games I've played ever."
76561198144160141,Recommended,210970,25472939,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Slartiblootfast,"...Wow.  Imagine that a stage magician wanted to second guess you into thinking about Jacques Derrida, Buddhism, first world dysmorphia, and how sculpture connects to architecture.Now consider that it's a computer game that's designed to leave you asking answerless questions.  (At least I think it is, durrr)The problem for potential buyers of The Witness is that you won't know if you like it for at least five hours into the game, so the refund issue comes up there.  The puzzles are excellent, they're also very hard.Also the game is slightly designed to troll your brain.  At times recently, when I've been strolling through the trees and taking in nature, I've thought, ""hmmm yep this reminds me of that Witness game.""On the whole, The Witness.YES.Buy it if you can afford it.If you can't afford it, don't.Otherwise buy it.Unless your ethics preclude its purchase.The Witness.Yep."
,Recommended,210970,20976102,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Foldeyez^,Beautiful and challenging game. One of the best puzzlers of all time. I would rate this game at a solid 5/7.
,Recommended,210970,21165984,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,DSR | Taka #BackOnSaturday,"The Witness is an open world puzzle game. Weird combination, huh?That concept actually works rather well. You work on a puzzle for a while, can't figure it out, and instead just move on to another part of the island. This solves the everlasting puzzle game problem of not even wanting to start it up if you're stuck.The (many!) puzzles are singular screens which have you drawing a line across a grid. A very basic concept. And with that very basic concept The Witness does absolutely everything it possibly could. It will introduce lots of new rules, need you to take the surroundings of the puzzle into account and even have you taking notes in real life.""Then why are people complaining that the puzzles are too similar?"" you ask. Well, that kind of line puzzle is all there is. The Witness really needs to be praised for how much it does with the limitations it set itself but it never answers the question why it limited itself so much in the first place.The island is huge and even 5 or 6 hours into the game you will still find yourself running into new places you haven't seen before. And not because you just unlocked them, it just actually has that much content.Content made out of puzzles that is, this game really is for the absolute puzzle game buff who wants nothing else out of it.It also likes having some big fps drops and on some graphics cards it gets occasional random crashes but it's biggest downside remains its price! I don't feel like paying 37€ for a collection of puzzles and a pretty island (did i mention this is one of the prettiest games i've seen in a long time?) to walk around on is worth it.I do however recommend buying it if you're really into puzzle games AND you can get it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,210970,21171550,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Devil#2,"This game requires a bit of compartmentalization. As a TL;DR for anyone reading, if you're into the kind of challenging logic puzzles the game offers, this game is well worth the money. But that's really theonlyreason to buy it.GameplayLet's start with the good. The puzzles in this game are all based on an extremely simple idea: get a line from point A to point B. However, the game sprinkles in so many different rules and requirements the player has to meet along the way that some of the puzzles can be extremely difficult. It starts with simple maze puzzles, but expands with icons that reflect shapes that need to fit into sections the player makes, to color-coded icons that need to be grouped or divided in various ways, all the way to affecting the color of the icons using glass partitions and colored lighting. The number of iterations on the same concept is actually very impressive. I particularly like the puzzles that require the player to physically position themselves to gain the proper perspective on the board to see the solution.The open-world nature of the island can lead to some frustration, though. The player can come across puzzles that require some fore-knowledge that they haven't gained yet. My advice to anyone looking to pick this up is to never be afraid of walking away from a puzzle you don't understand. Go exploring, and you'll eventually come across the tutorial panels for the information you're missing.The puzzle portion of the game is the reason you should buy this game. Check out some youtube videos that show what the puzzles are, and if they interest you, the game is worth buying. If there's any problem with them, it's that there is an overwhelming number of them.Graphics/AestheticsThis game is gorgeous. There are likely some that aren't into the aesthetic of the game and want photorealistic graphics, but this game doesn't have that. If you're not that type of person, the extraordinarily colorful and varied landscape is actually very refreshing. I didn't run into any situations where the game ran slowly for me, but that no doubt depends on the machine you're on. Some of the environments also play into the puzzles, as mentioned above, and that's really the most creative part about the game. Going around exploring the island and discovering all that's hidden away is a nice way to give the player a chance to breathe in between puzzles.If there's one complaint, it's that the environment suggests a bigger story with the island. The game has a Myst vibe to it that makes you feel like you're seeing a lot of real history and that people have been there before, but the game never really delivers on that. This actually makes the whole island feel much more artificial.Art/Message/Story(Spoilers)The Witness is pretentious. There's really no way to justify the ""artistic"" element in the game. On this strange island that has so much detail in it, the player starts to think there might be a greater message, a bigger story that happened in the past, and they're doing all the puzzles to figure that out. There seem to be experiments, archaeological digs, and statues of people that...might have been alive at some point? It seems like such a mystery, and it's fun to explore the environment and wonder what the answer could be.Instead what the developers decided to do was record people reading famous quotes by famous people and scatter them as collectibles throughout the island. Yeah, the first one you find is kind of interesting, but after a couple more, you realize what the ""artistic"" message is supposed to be and that the developer couldn't convey that message themselves. They had to cobble together a selection of supposedly profound sayings from other people and create this Frankenstein's monster and call it ""art"". It doesn't take many of these tape recorders for the player to say, ""Yes, science is the only true religion, I get it. Couldn't you have come up with an actually creative way of conveying this sentiment via gameplay or visual story telling?""And around that time you'll likely find the theater room. This is a small area off the beaten path that includes a projector tied into a puzzle panel. The player can find secret codes behind locked doors to enter into this machine for secret surprises. These turn out to be complete videos of some of the people the tape recorders have been quoting saying more of the same stuff you've probably been listening to this entire game, along with some cinematic clips that seem profound. Look, that guy is carrying that candle, and it's all one continuous take, how artistic!And this is a major problem with the game. I find it less enjoyable to solve difficult problems to unlock new areas if all I'm going to get is more puzzles and preachy quotes the developers substitute for artistic merit. I like the puzzles and the visuals, but this grates on my nerves.And worse still, there is one thing that the game does that I would have loved to see developed more. While playing the game, you'll eventually see a puzzle in the environment. I first saw it as a reflection on the water, the distict circle with the line that has a beveled end. I thought it was weird, and was amazed when I found I could actually trace a line down it just like all the puzzles I'd been doing up to that point. I was even rewarded with a big booming noise when I completed it. Suddenly, I began to see those puzzles scattered all throughout the island, usually requiring I find the right perspective. Walking into a forest, I saw another puzzle start to form in the tree's canopy. I could even find some in the clouds when I was standing on the right hill-top.This element of the game was facinating and clever, and I find this to be where the greatest potential for artistic merit in the game lies. The player spends so much time solving these puzzles that they start to see the patterns in the world at large. First on a building, then in the trees and the water and the sky. Isn't this a good way to make an artistic message about recognizing the same patterns from the smallest elements in reality to the great expanses of the universe and finding some form of spirituality in the surprising order of chaos? This isn't a new idea, but the way the game never forces you to spot these large environmental puzzles, yet almost guarantees the player finds at least one could have been such an interesting way to convey that message.But these puzzles don't really do anything. To my knowledge, finding the dozens of them that exist maybe gives you an achievement. Unfortunately there are so many of them that hunting them all down is way more than I'm willing to do. Such a waste of a good idea.SummarySo the game is fatally flawed, but if you approach it with the right expectations, you can still have a lot of fun with it. The puzzles are good and challenging, and the game does a decent job of giving you the tools you need to solve them, albeit in a way that sometimes requires you to walk away from puzzles until you get the information you need. This aspect of the game is theonly reason to buy it, however. The game really wants to be artistic, but it's terribly misguided in its execution. Do not buy this game for a story, as you won't get any here."
76561197998734468,Recommended,210970,21508478,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,The Consul,"THis is a difficult game to review. It is a puzzle game, but it is not only a puzzle game. There is more to it than endless rows of line tracing panels. The moment I realised that...well all I can say is that was a great moment and it made me reinvest in it on a whole new level. Also, did I mention that the game is gorgeous? It is.So the question is, do I recomend this game? My short answer is 'Yes!'. However, to answer the question if you should buy this game I have three follow up questions:-Do you like puzzle games and brain teasers?-Are you the kind of gamer that look behind every rock, every tree for that last collectable?-Do you enjoy a well made walking similator?If the answer is yes to one or more of these questions, you owe it to yourself to try this game. It  is great!Once you feel that you are done with the game and ready to stop playing, have a look at the spoiler filled game session Giant Bomb had with Jonathan Blow. It is fantastic and actually made me go back to the game with renewed interest! However play the game first, it is more fun that way."
,Recommended,210970,21598006,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Rico Rodriguez Potato Slayer III,"This is a really good game.First off. The setting is beautiful. There isn't anything about this game that isn't artsy or pretty to look at. When you enter darker rooms, it feels like you're there. When you go out into the sun and gaze out upon the mountains and trees, everything is just stunning. This game is beautiful.There is absolutely no ambient music. Only the noises of the enviorment you're in. And I have to say that the developers did an excellent job at making sounds effects, every step sounded like what I was stepping on/in. If I was walking on concrete, it sounded like I was stepping on concrete. And the same for all of the other materials in the game. It was really well made as far as little details go.As for gameplay I would have to give The Wittness a 8/10. The game is a puzzle game that is open world and relies on you exploring the beautiful landscapes to find out where to go. Now, that being said there are several areas you should go to before others otherwise a lot of the puzzles the game puts you through won't make sense at first. I had this issue multiple times and I had no clue where or what I was supossed to be doing. This was frustrating at best as I had to go look up what I was supossed to do for a specific puzzle because I didn't know what the hell I was supossed to do. But I like that about this game. There is absolutely no tutorial and the game does not hold your hand at all. It is extremely challenging and forces the player to think about the puzzle they are trying to complete. There were clues hidden throughout the enviornment which made me look about to try and find something to try and help me complete the puzzle. It is a very clever idea and the concepts for a lot of these puzzles are some that I have never seen in a game before. The ""you have to look for clues"" aspect of the game also led to several different secrets in the game which IMO is really cool.All that being said this game isn't easy at all. The game starts out relatively easy, however that's about it as far as easy goes. The game is extremely difficult and challenging. I wasn't able to play the game for more than about an hour per session because my brain would melt and be in a puddle on the floor. But when I was in a good mood and ready for a challenge the enviornments were very relaxing, and being that the only sounds in the game are the ones you and your surroundings make just exemplified that even more.I would definitely recommend this game to those who are ready for a challenge and don't want their hand to be held or be stuck in a super linear puzzle solving experience. Excellent work."
,Recommended,210970,21146415,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,z7xfla,"The Witness is a very immersive game that would best be described as a puzzle adventure.  In this game, you're walking around exploring a colorful island while solving lots of puzzles.  The basic premise of these puzzles is to draw a line from one end of a maze to the other, and there are usually many paths to take in these mazes.  However, as you progress through the game, you'll discover more and more rules that you'll need to understand in order to help you figure out the correct path to take when solving these puzzles.  Sometimes these ""rules"" come in the form of clues in the surrounding environment that you need to pick up on, or they could come in the form of certain symbols displayed on the mazes themselves.  Throughout the game, you'll often come across mazes with symbols on them that you don't recognize.  You know how games like Metroid and The Legend of Zelda have power-ups that help you reach certain areas that you couldn't before?  In The Witness, you have no actual inventory, but your knowledge of how to solve puzzles with a certain type of symbol on them fills the same role as these power-ups.  Even though you may not know what to do with one of these symbols at a point in the game, there will undoubtedly be an area somewhere else on the island that will teach you how to solve puzzles with that type of symbol.  With your newfound knowledge, you will then be able to solve more puzzles and access more areas on the island.One of the most impressive things about the game is how it manages to present all of this without any textual or auditory explanations.  This only makes it all the more immersive; you are left to your own devices to figure everything out for yourself through trial and error.  This system works perfectly, and it's nowhere near as tedious as it sounds because the areas that are meant to teach you how to solve certain puzzles start with the simplest versions of those puzzles and gradually become more complex, helping you grasp the intended concept.  I found the learning curve in this game to be perfect; many of the puzzles were challenging and had me thinking hard, but I would always figure it out eventually, and I would feel a great sense of accomplishment upon doing so.  No puzzle ever had me thinking so hard that I would become frustrated and quit.  Even though there are many different sections around the island, you don't need to finish all of them to complete the main game - though it's very much encouraged that you do finish every section, for reasons I probably shouldn't spoil.Also, if you ever grow tired of solving the puzzles, the island is breathtakingly goregous and it can often be entertaining just to wander around and explore.  The game's various environments are full of color, and although the graphics may at times seem rather polygonal and forced into certain shapes, I guarantee you that this is for a reason.  You may figure this reason out early on in the game, or it may take you a while, but regardless I probably shouldn't give it away.  While searching around the island, you might also stumble across miniscule audio players from which you'll hear philosophical quotes.  At first, these quotes seem like they have nothing to do with the game, but upon careful interpretation you'll find they're at least vaguely related to the puzzles you're solving, which adds all the more to the game's creative value.I hear a lot of people have been pirating this game, most likely because it's something unique and they don't know what to expect from it.  While I'm normally not one to complain about piracy, I believe The Witness is truly a masterpiece of a game, so if you want to see more games like this, then please - throw down some cash and support the developer.  They deserve it."
76561198044895898,Recommended,210970,21551193,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bean202,"I never write reviews but this game was really special to me.I won't be talking about the message of the game as it didn't talk to me that much. It is an interesting allegory but also a very simple one.What I want to talk about is how perfectly crafted this game is. The game design and graphics are simply amazing. I loved roaming around on the island, looking for the next series of puzzle and wished the game would never end.The difficulty was perfect for me and I really enjoyed the roller coaster aspect of it. Traditional puzzle games tend to get harder as you progress. This one goes back and forth which is key to make sure the player doesn't get frustrated. I was sometime stuck on a puzzle for 30 minutes and the last thing I wanted was to be stuck on the following one for another 30 minutes. In the witness, you have plenty of opportunity to take your breath and this aspect is what sucked me back in the game every time.A must have!"
,Recommended,210970,31195154,Posted: 17 April,all,Baka.,"I'm still not done with the game.  I might not be done for a long time.  This game is beautiful -  It trains you mind to see patterns, and then the whole world opens up to you.  I can't say much more or it will spoil the beauty of the game -  A game that takes its time teaching the player without words what it is about, so that then they may truly start progressing in the game."
,Recommended,210970,34269466,Posted: 15 August,all,Squeekstir™,"This game is simply: wow! The art stlye is fantastic, the puzzles are fun, and overall I truely enjoy it. But, I will be honest, its an aquired taste. I personally love puzzle games, especially in a 3D world. So I obviously loved this game. I'm also a fan of games such as Slime Rancher and Subnautica. All of them being colorful open world games. I'd recomend to those who love puzzles and the art style."
76561198000012067,Recommended,210970,34303635,Posted: 17 August,all,elderbury,"This isn't just a game, it's a masterpiece.No trailer or gameplay video can explain it, because the genius of the game isn't a story, or gameplay, it's the feeling it gives the player when playing, you can't communicate that.Unique puzzles, unrivalled in design and polished to perfection.I don't think I can pick out a flaw.Sure, there will be parts some people don't like, but everything in here is intentional, there are no mistakes.The game took 8 years to make by a very talented development team.There is no game that is like this, and there will never be a sequel.I wish I could wipe my memories and play through it again, as it's not the same the 2nd time through, when you know how everything works.What I can say is that it's not for everyone.It's for people that like solving puzzles, that don't mind getting stuck on a problem and having to come back to it hours or days later when you've had time to think, giving up for now and walking to a different part of the island.There's no handholding, and do yourself a favour, and don't look at walkthroughs, the beauty of this is about the ""ah hah!"" epiphany moments, trial and error, testing and learning, scientific method to a puzzle you've never encountered before,with no instructions or, well any text whatsoever in the game.You'll become an expert, be tested to your cognitive limits with harder and harder puzzles and a crazy time trial.Then you'll be done with the game, and you'll never encounter this format of puzzle again, and maybe never play a game that has this much thought put in to it either."
,Recommended,210970,34262826,Posted: 15 August,all,shteev,"You're probably going to have to like 2d logic problems to get into this one, but if you do, the island is a really lovely place to explore while you're doing them."
,Recommended,210970,34267348,Posted: 15 August,all,Silicis,"First, for all of the people saying there is no story or no reason to solve the puzzles, well, they are not looking hard enough.  This game is great.  It isn't for everyone, but if you think this game is just ""line puzzles"" then your missing the point.  The game will make you think.  Then it will make you look at things in different angles.  Then, if you are listening and really searching, it is going to try to make you ask questions about your self."
,Recommended,210970,34263302,Posted: 15 August,all,scolebrain,"incredibly smart, interesting, relaxingly frustrating, intriguing puzzle game that will blow your mind right open in a video game mechanic plot twist that you might not even notice."
76561198049183091,Recommended,210970,29422442,Posted: 22 January,all,CanisLupus4285,"A brilliantly intriguing puzzle game. It's not short so the price isn't steep. I will review further, but the more you read about the game, the less you'll enjoy it as even the smallest spoiler can affect the experience - there is a lot of joy in figuring the puzzles out for yourself. Don't expect a strong story though - not finished yet but it definitely seems to be one of those ""hinting at something but not actually telling you anything and whoops the game is over"" kind of stories. Play this for the puzzles only.All puzzles are variations on the same type of puzzle - start at one point, and draw a line to the end point, but following certain rules. However, when I say ""variations"", I mean a lot of variation - there are several different areas which each have entirely different mechanics, so there's a lot of variety.The first type of puzzle generally involves a panel with symbols on it - you have to follow the rules for the symbols to be able to make the correct path. As you get further through, different rules get mixed together and you have to keep your mind on several things at once, which can be very interesting. Stop reading now if this has intrigued you, as what I'm going into now is way more fun to find out about for yourself.Some puzzles, still involving the panels, instead require you to make observations of the surroundings, which are then used to draw the correct path. These are, to me, the more interesting panel-based puzzles, as they require thought of the surroundings and looking around the (frankly gorgeous) environment.Here be spoilers.There is another type of puzzle which is for finding secrets rather than completing the game, and this is the type which I would heartily recommend you find out for yourself so stop reading if you are interested.As you look around the world, you may notice that, in some locations, the environment itself may form some pattern where there is a large dot, a line and an ending, much like in the puzzles - you can use these to draw paths much like in the main puzzles. These are incredibly interesting as they require a lot of thought as to how to place yourself, especially as you begin to spot what might be one but can't quite figure out how to join it. This is what really sells the game to me - the island is so cohesive through this and everything is important. So much detail and work went into this mechanic alone, and I love it."
,Recommended,210970,34349925,Posted: 19 August,all,Hammer. Bros. #UCG,"Is this a puzzle game? No.Is this a puzzle book game? Yes.If you're interested in puzzles as me, you've probably seen a puzzle book. Just a book filled with puzzles and nothing else. This game? Think of it as a puzzle book adventure mode. But with lots of beautiful sceneries where you can't help but take screenshots.And much more."
,Recommended,210970,20790344,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SeeJay,"Are you curious? Can you be patient? If both are yes, go buy this game.If not, you could skip this game, but I promise this game is worth the effort. Just know what you're getting yourself into.I can already tell that The Witness is easily one of the best games I've ever played in my lifetime.I'm roughly 5 hours in and I can't get enough. I'll fully flesh out this review at some point, but I thought it important to put my initial impressions up as soon as possible. Without meaning to offend, it seems clear that most of the negative reviews I've skimmed through, simply don't get it.StoryThe Witness is not about being told a 'story', at least not in a traditional sense. It is a contemplative, meandering conversation between designer and player. It's about uncovering a story yourself, through hours of patience and curiosity. There are so many mysteries to uncover: what is this island, who were its inhabitants, what the heck is with all of these puzzles? I've only barely scratched the surface, and I am more than intrigued. I'm excited for more, and without being spoon fed the answers.PuzzlesSaying that the maze puzzle mechanics are repetitive is like complaining that an FPS is repetitive because it makes you fire guns, or driving games are repetitive because you drive cars. The maze puzzles work BECAUSE they are the backbone of all of the puzzle solving. They give your brain a filter through which to receive all of the information that you collect by completing other puzzles or simply exploring the environment. It would be impossible for the puzzles to have the depth that they do if it weren't for the maze structure.The puzzles are beyond fantastic, a masterclass in puzzle design. They are always varied, always making you question assumptions, and always building upon the accumulated lessons that you've acquired. It's your brain that levels up, not your character. Truly brilliant stuff! Yes, they are crazy fun; yes, at times they are pretty frustrating; and yes, you probably should get out the old pen and paper once in awhile. They are more than worth it.This game challenges not only you as a player, but the entire medium of gaming itself. Come at it from a place of patience, curiosity, and a dash of discipline, and you will experience on of the most rewarding experiences gaming has to offer."
,Recommended,210970,20883174,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lonerschmo,I shot a laser.  10/10
76561198116541741,Not Recommended,210970,29796585,Posted: 8 February,all,CDArena,"I have a hard time rating this one, so I'll try to list the pros and cons.Pros: Lots of puzzles - two basic types - the obvious ones found on tablets, and then the ones found in the sky, on the ground, etc. Interesting terrain - you'll slowly gain access to all of the island as you unlock certain doors. You learn some simple rules for figuring out different puzzle types, and build on them to figure out more complex puzzles. Some of the puzzles are really complex - thankfully there is always Google.Cons; Lots of puzzles - repetitive even and even with the obsidian pillars scattered around, you'll waste a lot of time finding some of the ""environment"" puzzles - and they aren't even needed to ""win"".  That interesting terrain gets boring when you have to trace and retrace your path over and over. (The SHIFT key to run fast is your friend) Also, I hated certain puzzle types that when you fail cause you to go back a puzzle and resolve it before you can attempt it again. (Most of the types allow you to attempt over and over without any penalty)  I didn't notice it anywhere, but without special setup/knowledge some of the puzzles are hard for people with visual or hearing problems. Oh - and those complex puzzles? I don't know how we are supposed to keep all these rules straight in our head - there isn't any in-game notebook or guide or notebook to reference. Some of the puzzles are just so baffling that I spent much of my time looking in Google to understand the puzzle, and then some more of the time just looking for the outright answer because solutions that seem good didn't work.The storyline - I didn't get it at all while playing it - it wasn't until I got to ""The End"" that I went online and learned there is even more puzzle aggravation before you can learn the ""true"" story of why you are on this island. After my game play experience, I came away from The Witness confused and discouraged from trying again - I'm sure there are a few ""failed"" lessons in there that will make it to the Games Developer Conference one day.The authors wanted a regular price of $40, which I can understand for all the work they put into this; I'm glad I read the reviews first though, and waited for the price to drop on sale before buying it. The long wait for a lower price I paid for it was quite frankly worth it, considering the sheer aggravation of this game. Comparing this game to other, simpler games (in terms of graphics and quantity of puzzles), I thought the other games were far better buys. If you want enjoyable puzzles, look elsewhere - The Witness will probably seem like a Walking Game with puzzles to you. If you enjoy beating your head against rocks and spending weeks, months even figuring out stuff on your own then by all means go for it - you'll get your money's worth.Ultimately I have to give this a thumbs down - I didn't feel like the hours I spent on this were worth the few minutes of satisfaction earned solving puzzles. To give you my frame of reference, I have about 450+ games of all types on floppy/CD/DVD and Steam - so that's where I'm coming from; while the graphics are good, the design psychology is not so good - players need to get sufficient rewards in the right places; I've played games that made me attempt something over and over again and really the only thing I wish I could do is gift this ""used"" game to someone for free."
,Recommended,210970,21341246,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Darlan,"Beautiful in its visuals, interactive design, and thematic underpinnings, I've never played a more interesting game, even if I have played plenty that are more fun. The subtle, wordless tutorializing combined with meditative quotations and audio recordings  seem to me like an attempt to communicate a (somewhat lofty and pretentious, but probably not incorrect) argument from that designer that people can do so much more than they are to better themselves through study and meditation, and with the right approach, all things, even philosophy, products of creativity, and our very consciousness, can and will be eventually be *fully* understood with sufficient study and intelligence. I did indeed find myself tackling puzzles that I would have never even attempted in a game made with less craftsmanship and sense of wonder; it’s really neat to see the core interactive game bits so directly play into (what I assume) are the novelistic thematic underpinnings of the whole thing. The game's beauty and amazing capacity to just keep on delivering those wonderful ""A-ha!"" moments keeps you going and pushing yourself just a little bit more. *Fantastic* game.…I totally cheated on the sound puzzles though; I couldn’t carry a tune in a bucket. Screw those."
,Recommended,210970,21493321,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Simonish,"This is what the puzzle genre is about, not the endless list of bejewled clones.The puzzles are brutal and I was pretty frustated for the first hour while I was learning the basics but, it's satisfying as hell when you do solve them.Puzzles are SO clever in their design, and just when you think you have the hang of it all, it beats you down. This is no casual game, but if you want a good challenge with no hand-holding gameplay, get it now.I enjoyed the hell out of this; amazing puzzles, great visuals and well optimised."
,Recommended,210970,21621248,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,crumbb,"A facinating game. I haven't completed it yet and I don't have any idea what the meta-narrative might be, but this game is extremely clever. The payoff for completing the puzzles is an increase in your own knowledge of the rules and the opportunity to explore more of the extrodinarily crafted world. If finding out that, by looking at a tree from the right perspective, it transforms into a sculputure of a person engaged in changing the environment doesn't appeal to you, this might not be the game for you. For me, finding these places where the things you have been seeing for hours transform themselves just because your perspective has changed, provides a rush of euphoria and ""Wow!"" moments. The island in The Witness is the most meticulously designed game world I have ever seen. Everything is important. The trees, grass, clouds, flowers, shadows, ruined buildings; all have been specificly built and placed. My fingers are crossed that someone will add Oculus support to The Witness because there is no game world I would be more excited to experience from the inside."
,Recommended,210970,20820821,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,diekrg,"After a couple hours the apparently simple and repetitive ""panel"" game mechanic becomes your language, your natural way of effectively communicating with your surroundings.The solutions to most puzzles do not come from logic, though it sure can help, but from acute awarness of your environment. The different puzzles types are quite original and often unexpected, and the game doesn´t seem to exhaust the interesting combinations they can yield.Even after reaching the game´s ending, you can´t help but feel you have only scratched the surface of this puzzle-ridden island... you know there is still much left to discover.The design of the island, the somehow consistent aesthetic and the lack of music really sink in, creating an extremely immersive atmosphere of solitude -the good kind- and exploration."
,Recommended,210970,21491904,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,castellan,"Started playing The Witness at around 9pm... it's 6:30am and I've done 1/3 of the puzzles. This game grabbed me instantly and hasn't let go - the puzzle progression is buttery smooth, the logic is consistent, and the meta puzzles are astoundingly layered.This is a Myst style puzzle world, perfected."
76561198041372389,Recommended,210970,29412615,Posted: 21 January,all,Ashilikia,"I cannot praise The Witness enough.  If you enjoyed Anti-chamber, I recommend it. If you played Braid and enjoyed the uncertainty in the story, I recommend it. This game slowly guides you on a path of discovery, both to solve increasingly intricate puzzles and to discover more about the game world.My only complaint is that there is no soundtrack for me to listen to and remember the amazing journey I was taken on while playing this game."
76561198067851126,Not Recommended,210970,34359157,Posted: 19 August,all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I usualy love puzzle games but so far, this one is garbage. There is no good thought or mental computation involved in the puzzles. The only thought is ""figure out the gimmick for this set of puzzles"". It will be something like line up an environmental formation or shine light on the puzzle in the right way etc. but every time, once you learn the gimmick, you see the entrire ""path"" or essentially the answer. Then you repeat that ad nauseum for the set of puzzles until its time to move onto the next set with a different gimmick. It isn't challenging or engaging, it is repetative and boring.I will update if I decide to play anymore and change my mind but I am not holding out much hope.Now let the downvoting hate flow."
,Recommended,210970,21186225,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ur awesome,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys solving extraordinarily challenging puzzles in worlds that are equally mysterious. Playing this game is a meditative experience, and you need to have patience and enjoy intellectual challenge to really get the most out of it.To those who say this game ""doesn't have a plot""... I say the story is what you make of it. Blow left plenty of ""clues"" that let the imagination run wild with theories. I can't help but wonder about the nature of the island and its previous inhabitants, or this strange contraption that the puzzles are connected to.To me, the experience of playing this game is a lot like Fez or Antichamber. If you loved those games, I'm certain that you'll enjoy this one."
,Recommended,210970,24192175,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BioDrake,"Just finished the game, and I must say, I have been greatly entertained from start to finish. A wonderful amount  and variation of puzzles, beautiful places to explore, and wonderful little secrets all over :3 To me the game is very beatiful, relaxing and welcoming, with a colourful artstyle (despite my computer hardly being able to handle any of it, though that is a problem with my computer and not the game >.<). The only things that have annoyed me are the fact that the menu cannot be controled with your mouse, and that the puzzles can be somewhat fiddly when using a mouse (I haven't tried with a controller, but it seems to be a choise, at least for the puzzle part).Amazing game, Completely forgot sleep when I started playing it ^^;;"
,Recommended,210970,20813598,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Cast Iron Krampus,"Judging from the other reviews, this game is like Vegemite. Either you get it and you love it, or you don't and you hate it. The reward for completing a puzzle is almost always access to another puzzle, so, to be perfectly clear, if you tend to get angry at inanimate objects or have a short attention span, or just don't see the appeal of 2d maze puzzles no matter their depth, you should avoid this game.If you like puzzles, though, you've come to the right game. Blow & co. are puzzle-making maniacs and have created a game that teaches you how to solve every puzzle on the island with a carefully balanced, well-paced difficulty curve. The game oozes with polish, has a well-put-together world, looks fantastic, feels sublime, and has plenty of depth and gameplay to offer.The game has crackling sound in a few places on my machine (earliest in the game in the building with the pots that have Voronoi patterns painted on them.) I didn't feel that it took away from my experience much, but if you have a non-standard sound card you might also have extremely occasional problems with the sound. I have a Xonar DX PCI-E sound card that's never given me trouble with any other game, and it's disappointing that it doesn't work perfectly for this game when the rest of the game is so polished.Another disappointment, for me at least, is the game's use of lightmaps. I feel that lightmapped games tend to limit the number of moving parts of the world at the expense of gameplay, whether it's Mass Effect, Remember Me, or The Order: 1886, and I think The Witness could have had some really excellent mechanical puzzles beyond what it has if the lighting were more dynamic. I remember between 2004-2008 or so starting with Doom 3 there was a lot of hubbub about making everything dynamically lit and destructible, and there's a lot of gameplay potential that the developers give up the moment they decide to use lightmaps for a game.Overall, this is my Game of the Year So Far for 2016, and it was a real pleasure to play it. I hope someone at Thekla, Inc. will see fit to give this game a Linux port at some point. Even though there aren't as many gamers on Linux and OS X as there are on Windows, this seems like the type of game that most Linux users would really enjoy, and that many Windows users would not, as the other Steam reviews clearly show. I look forward to seeing what this studio comes up with next."
,Recommended,210970,20813653,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,JakariNiteAngel,"This game has has blown my mind.I started this game trying to force my way into understanding the puzzles and knowing that each puzzle has a solution and eventually I would figure it out. But as I progressed the puzzles became harder and had more solutions to each one until finally frustrated I made myself take a step back and then realized I was approaching them wrong the whole time.This game makes you learn a new perspective in figuring out how to solve things. The environment and other things may influence how you solve the puzzles. I think this is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played. The Talos Principle, Portal and Myst are great games but this game is a new type of puzzle. I encourage you to try it before judging it. You may get frustrated at first but you will hopefully learn to take a step back and open your eyes to beautiful world and puzzles before you."
,Recommended,210970,20816335,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Scy,"I recommend The Witness if you like strictly puzzle games.So a lot of reviews compare this to Myst: it's not. There's an island, and that's where the similarities end. That's fine, because if I wanted to play Myst I would play Myst. Unfortunately those reviews set me up with the impression that I would be playing a puzzle-driven narrative -like- Myst; again, it's not.The narrative in The Witness is extremely vague, if there even is any. I'm several hours in and I can say with confidence the story isn't why I'm continuing to play. The puzzles are. There are a lot of puzzles; hundreds, maybe thousands? The premise of these puzzles are interactive maze-displays that grow progressively harder as you adventure through a visually compelling island. Sometimes you'll ""get"" the maze solution in a couple of moments, but more often than not you'll walk around, think, walk around some more, and wonder aloud before you have your ""eureka!"" moment.If you want to spend ~$40 USD on an adventure game then don't buy this. This isn't an adventure game, although I will admit it -might- turn into a more solid adventure after one progresses far enough; however, that point comes well beyond the first few hours. If you want to spend ~$40 USD on a puzzle game then this is going to be worth your money because there's a lot here  - a lot of puzzles. If you buy The Witness I promise you will have myriad hours of puzzles in your future.Closing thoughts: I wish this game had a soundtrack. I like the clever environmental cues for some puzzle segments. I like the overly-saturated world. I wish the collectable, uh, tape recordings were more common."
,Recommended,210970,20809963,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SithSniffles,"Wow! Talk about taking one concept, on core conceit, and running with it until you are forced to master it (and maybe go a little mad). I'll be seeing patterns for weeks!"
76561198003514822,Recommended,210970,20810587,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,|51st|.Pte.SeniLiX,"You like Myst?You like Talos?You like Portal?Buy it!Those saying it's just about drawing lines on a panel. Shame on you for not having played the game, to get to the real content!Puzzles are using concepts such as light, shadows, colors, sound, water etc.Far more than ""just"" drawing lines on a panel.Everything in a beautiful setting with a large world to freely explore."
,Recommended,210970,20812745,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,AtkinsSJ,"Brilliant puzzle game. You just have to know that it is indeed little logic puzzles on screens dotted around an island. If that's what you're expecting, it's wonderful. If you're expecting something else you might be disappointed, but it's very clearly about doing logic puzzles on an island, so I'm not sure why people were expecting something else?It's entirely about figuring things out yourself, which isn't to say it's frustrating or obtuse. Only ONE puzzle has annoyed me so far, and I'm 10 hours in. I'll probably solve it later and feel really silly. You'll come back to previous areas and solve puzzles you hadn't even noticed were there before. It's a series of 'Aha!' moments. And it's very pretty."
,Recommended,210970,20817318,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,c0d3r.4ndy,"I was worried following the development of this as to how a full game was going to be genuinely enjoyable whilst consisting of solely line drawing puzzles. I was even more concerned how it was going stack up against the brilliant Braid.I shouldn't have doubted Mr Blow for a second who has once again proven himself incredibly capable both of creating fiendishly difficult puzzles but also of excellent game design by having really well crafted ""tutorial"" sections that ease you in with the fundamentals without ever having to outright tell you anything but also by having an open-world approach so that should you find yourself completely stuck you can wander off to another puzzle and try again later. The ways the same basic puzzle has been expanded upon and altered for different sections are so imaginative and really rewarding to crack. Also, the whole thing is absolutely gorgeous and the sound design is also excellent.You absolutely need to be prepared to use your brain (and quite possibly a pen and paper to help in some cases) but if you do enjoy a mental challenge then this is an excellent game to pick up."
,Recommended,210970,20902542,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Flying Globox,"This is an incredible game!If you are still hesitating on whether to buy this game or not based on the mixed comments, I totally encourage you to have a try on this game! (steam has a decent refund mechanism, right?) And I shall explain my experience below what my expereices are -- I hesitated a long while before try this game due to the negative reviews but now I enjoy this game a lot.Frankly speaking, I don't expect too much from this game when I first bought it due to those negative comments, and my first 1~2 hours game playing is also not satisfying.But I'm totally wrong! Because all I was expecting a 3D Machinarium which I collect items in the scenario or a 3D platformmer Braid where I need smart movement to solve the puzzles.The game is nothing like I was expected above, its a totally brand new deep interactive *puzzle* game (instead of an advanture game), where you need to solve the puzzle based on your careful inspections about the environment and based on your inference about how the surroundings may lead to a solutions to the puzzle.As the game is a deep-puzzle game, it is hard, but never frustrating -- as long as you want to challenge yourself on these puzzles and you enjoy infering possible relationships between your surroundings and the puzzle on the board. If you enjoy this kind of challenge, you can gain incredible pleasure out of it!Yes, this time, IGN is not wrong. The witness is a masterpiece and I strongly recommended it.masterpiece 10/10"
,Recommended,210970,20815714,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Gizzmicbob,You really feel stupid when you are stuck on a line puzzle for hours.Great if you don't mind repetitive/hard puzzles (if you try complete it 100% then you'll be stuck for ages on some puzzles):10/10 - Would get stuck on a line puzzle for one hundred more hours.
,Recommended,210970,20821528,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Yiasmat,"(10/10) - MasterpieceThis game completly blew my mind. It satisfied me in every aspect that it ever could:The world is well designed, intreaging and available right from the start. Every moment the explorer in me wanted to wander off and see what´s around the next corner while memorizing every puzzle or location i wanted to come back to.Speaking of puzzles, they are perfect. The start of the game is simple enough to get you used to the simple premise of drawing a line from one point to another. But soon enough, more elements come into play with which you will spend more time thinking than actually drawing.What really fascinated me was the tutorial/learning curve tho. No element of the puzzles gets explained to you, instead you have to figure out what they do by yourself. Finding a puzzle early on with something you don´t yet understand really pushes you into exploring the world further. You immediatly understand that you aren´t yet able to solve that puzzle and shold move on to find an easier one with the same elements so you could learn about it. That is partially because the game does a really good job of seperating real puzzles from teaching experiences. On the latter, elements will light up red after finishing the puzzle wrong so you can see why it didn´t work, understand the rules of it, and later tackle more difficult puzzles with it, that won´t be so kind and give you any hint on what you did wrong.This simple but brilliant mechanic also shuts off a lot of the world at the start. More difficult areas usually have a little puzzle at the start, that contains at least some of the elements to make sure you understood the basic mechanics before moving into the area.That said, the design of the puzzles like this would already be amazing, but where the game completly blew my mind, was on the clever design of EVERYTHING. Some puzzles can´t be solved without clever thinking, observing the environment and/or thinking outside the box. No puzzle game has ever done it this brilliantly. When a puzzle has no element at all yet requires you to somehow draw the correct line, you really start thinking, and once it clicks, that feeling will keep you going for a long time.At the end i think i should also mention the amount of secrets inside the world. The perfect amount of detail really shows you what hidden objects are supposed to look like. A valuable lesson for other games i think.In the end i can only reccomend you to play this game. It easily jumped into the top charts of my most favourite games of all time, which recent games usually struggle to do. I had fun playing it and will probably never forget the amazing experience of a game so well made like thisone..."
,Recommended,210970,20815694,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,peanutbutter,"Fair to say I did not have any expectations for this game, therefore no way for me to be disappointed. This game is similar to Myst in that it is a puzzle-solver title, but that is where the similarities stop. Don't buy this expecting to have the same experience, as some people have stated that they had going in, and you will find satisfaction if you enjoy this genre.That being said, this is a title that that does not hold your hand at all, has no hint buttons, and no bloody quick time events! If you find enjoyment in being challenged, this is a title you will want to add to your collection."
,Recommended,210970,20872184,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Broder Tuck,"Amazing puzzler, though be prepared for the high difficulty"
76561197998761722,Recommended,210970,20840945,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Alway,"The best puzzle game ever created. It holds its cards close to its chest, but dig deep enough and you will find awesome things. It's also a longer game than it lets on, particularly if you go for 100%; nearly 30 hours in and there's still plenty to do. The only thing it lacks are caffeine pills for when you come in to work after staying up until 4AM playing it."
,Recommended,210970,20974247,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,31,10/10
76561198053981790,Recommended,210970,21486003,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zeldub,"This Game is both beutiful and challenging. I love the idea that you have to figure out how to play the puzzles/game as you go along with no 'real' tutorial. I have only gotten to the final few puzzles, but this game was woth the money I spent and then some. And I don't know if its just me, but I love those ""hidden"" puzzles alot."
76561198010910273,Recommended,210970,22506274,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Die Hard On VHS,"I love this game. I was expecting a lot from Jonathan Blow, after the masterpiece that was Braid, and it exceeded all my expectations. It's a very tough game, but very rewarding. There's a huge amount of secrets to uncover, some of which will blow your mind. Experiencing this game for the first time, knowing as little about it as possible, is a truly unique experience."
,Recommended,210970,22657548,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Raveniir,"The Witness makes you feel like a better person. There isn't a more satisfying feeling in gaming then finally coming up with the solution to a puzzle that you've been staring dumbfounded at for longer than you'd be comfortable admitting.This game truly tests you. The puzzles aren't easy, they are deceptively simple but surprisingly complex at times.The only real problem with this game could be that there isn't much in the way of replayability. If you can forget the solutions to every puzzle, then you can enjoy the game multiple times. Fortunately, there is a ton of content in this game so that makes up for only being able to run through it once.The Witness really is something special that I would highly, highly recommend."
,Recommended,210970,22656388,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AlexWrench,"A deeply engaging puzzle game about perception, exploration, and experimentation. The Witness is not the kind of puzzle game you'd play if you like puzzle games; rather, it's the kind of puzzle you might give to someone who likes puzzles. It has the definitive style and tactility of one of those die-cast metal things you'd get at the learning store at the mall, and the same rich symbolism and intellectual charm of an ARG or illustrated puzzle book with a cash prize that nobody ever claimed. On top of that, The Witness is also one of the most beautiful and painstakingly designed locations I've ever inhabited, full of painterly trees and buildings designed by a real-life architect.Well worth the asking price, and well worth not spoiling even if it means never completing it. They just don't make games like The Witness as often as they should."
,Recommended,210970,22969249,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Doomsdayman,"Incredible game. The puzzles are well thoughts out and nicely build up from the begining blatantly obvious ones to the frustratingly challenging finale puzzles.The enviroment is georgiously designed, with incredible attention to detail. If you pay close attention to it you will be rewarded every time by something unexpected.Speaking of unexpected this game is brilliant at continually surprising you. Even when you've 'beaten' the game there are dozen of suprises still waiting to delight you.I only today stumbled across the hidden ending. Even after the shock of finding it, the game startled me again with the realization of what this game really provides.. If you stick with it, this game lets you experience the world through someone else's eyes in a way only a game can. That is something truly special.That alone is worth buying The Witness for."
76561198034508661,Recommended,210970,22559391,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,molotov21forever,"This game is a work of art. Some people misunderstand a piece of art and quickly dismiss it. Many people who bought this game came with certain expectations. What they expected didn't end up happening. Instead of over-the-top action sequences or a transparent narrative, this game is quiet, contemplative, and tough. Some people prefer books that have a simple conclusion that tells you exactly how the characters felt and what happened to them. These people get angry at authors who don't spell out exactly what things are supposed to mean. Other readers enjoy interpreting things for themselves. I believe the word for that trait isimagination. This game is deeply meditative, and I give my interpretation of the meaning below. Warning: it contains some vague spoilers about the game.You start in a sheltered area, learning the basics of how things, how to get ahead, how to progress. It isn't too long before you gain independence and can go anywhere and do anything you want. But you quickly learn that all these new areas are locked until you apply yourself to more learning. Your final goal is not immediately obvious, but major moments of solving puzzles unlocks more and light directs your path upward. You can take the time to hear scientists, philosophers, psychologists, and religious icons if you choose. Their words can shape your experience and make it more meaningful than simplying moving from point A to point B. Instead of endlessly working and never feeling fulfilled, you can realize that there's no rush. No timer to hurry you. No other inhabitants on the island to force their expectations on you or pressure you to complete anything. You can stop to look at the clouds, hear the birds, enjoy the beautiful island you are on. And even in these natural formations, you see patterns that can be meaningful. You have the realization that solving puzzles just seemed like the thing you had to do, but really there was no person telling you to complete them. You start to find your own reasons for completing them. A sense of accomplishment. A sense of adventure. Curiosity to see what it all means and how it ends. And in the end, progressing to the edges of what is possible to learn and accomplish, you finish your journey and look back on all that you've done. Did it matter at all? Was it meaningful, or just a waste?....And that is the beauty of this game. It makes you realize that life works the same way. Humanity has always sought how to interpret our surroundings and progress toward lofty goals. For some, religion gave perspective. For others, the pursuit of scientific discovery was enough of a goal. Others still didn't see any point to it at all, and felt cheated when they looked back on what they did. This game, if you are willing to listen, is asking you, ""What is your perspective on life? What is your reason for going through life, solving the daily puzzles in your way?""10/10 Made me rethink my perspective on life"
,Recommended,210970,20867856,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Razeam,"Buy it if you enjoy puzzles… many, many hours worth of puzzles!"
76561197974614823,Recommended,210970,20797572,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,mOoEyThEcOw,"I've been waiting for this game for a few years now. And it was great! Pretty much everything I expected.The Witness is an enjoyable challenge. People seem to think this game is short. It's not. It's one very simple mechanic used to great effect in a abundence of different ways, and then combined togeather. I'm a programmer, hence I'm very good at logic puzzles (a majority, but not all, the puzzles are logic puzzles), that said is still took me 12 hours to finish (but not complete, which will probably take a few more hours) the game, and I got stuck quite a few times (if you're stuck then explore elsewhere; the game is quite non-linear). I found the mental gymnastics the puzzles force you to do quite enjoyable, while I didn't need it a pen and paper will probably be useful for some people.The other great aspect of this game is it's environment. Graphics and sound are excellent, absolutely beautiful. There are also tons of interesting details scattered around. But the environment really shines with how perfectly tied into the puzzles it is: the thematic organization and grouping of environment with puzzles is really amazing. The movement system is good, you won't get stuck in the environment. The great graphics do cause some framerate drops for me here and there, but it usuaully fixes it self after a few seconds (likely due to loading assets from disk when traversing areas).There are some downsides. First I didn't comprehend the story (if there is one), if it's there, it's abstract. I enjoy that to an extent (e.g. the Talos Principle) but this moves from abstract to incomprehensible, interesting, but I didn't figure it out (if I was even meant to). Second, some UI issues namely that the capability is there: changing graphics features or checking progress, but the interface is obtuse (text file, look in load game menu, respectively). Niether of these disappointed my expectations from an indie game focusing on gameplay and graphics.I absolutely recommend this game if you like beautiful puzzle games."
,Recommended,210970,21672531,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,JPR,"I could tell you how good The Witness is, about the things that make it so special and unique compared to any other game out there. I could tell you about the things that The Witness is about and all the secrets that are sleeping beneath its deceivingly simple and innocent surface. I could tell you that The Witness may be one of the most awe inducing puzzle games ever created.But I won't.Because The Witness is not about believing what you are told by others, but it is about figuring it out for yourself."
,Recommended,210970,20817040,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,a real ghost horse,I've not had such an explosively mysterious and discovery-filled experience playing a game since I first booted up Myst as a child. My notebook looks like A Beautiful Mind but with line puzzles.
,Recommended,210970,20829864,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Motif,"I rarely buy games at launch, but since I loved Braid I had to buy this one. The puzzles are challenging but, when everything finally clicks, so satisfying. I love that the game doesn't have any tutorials or direction, but is made in a way that you never feel like you're lost.Even though the game is open world, it's organized much like how Braid was. Each ""area"" of the world has a puzzle theme that gets more and more complex as you progress through that area. The difference here is you don't really have to do the areas in a specific order.I hear a lot of people saying there's impossible puzzles, or it's impossibly difficult. I'd say they're probably playing ""wrong."" If you can't figure something out, don't be afraid to leave the puzzle and come back to it later.Interestingly, this makes for a great group game I've found. Even though it's technically singleplayer, my friends have had a blast adventuring and working out the puzzles together. It's a lot more fun thinking everything through as a team I'd say!If you liked Braid, you'll love this game. If you aren't a fan of solving puzzles, hated Braid, or get frustrated easily, then you'll probably hate The Witness. This is easily one of my favorite recent games!"
76561197965361589,Recommended,210970,22464410,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Psymon²,Exploring the world is calming and peaceful.Each new type of puzzle is like learning a new language.Noticing the very subtle clues in the environment is highly rewarding.Do your best to resist the urge to look up hints or solutions.There's hidden audio and video logs but they come across as pretentious rather than smart.
,Recommended,210970,21008142,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gaydorado,Well worth the price tag.
,Recommended,210970,21035195,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kaffeebohnson,"I was worried if a game about nothing but line puzzles could keep me engaged.But against all odds, The Witness managed it - and then some. The world as well as the puzzles are beautifully designed with deliberation in every detail. You can really feel the 7 years of work put into creating this game."
,Recommended,210970,20857038,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Nakor91,"Enjoying it so much that I'm continuing to play even through it makes me want to vomit 10/10 not sure what better praise I can give a game than that, sersiouly though the motion sickness is real..."
,Recommended,210970,20808817,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SaltyCucumber,"Love how the author of the game plays with your brain.Just when you pat yourself on the shoulder for being so smart on that last puzzle and your hand is reaching for the cookie jar - you instantly get ""forked"" and hit in the head with that same cookie jar. Because now the previous logic doesn't work anymore and using the same algorithm ain't going to cut it.The fun part is that the solution is right there, but your brain is in denial right now and can't see it, until you actually try to think ""outside the box"" and when you do - Ahaaaaa! Got it! <== best feeling right here, instant endorphin rush and you get high af.10/10 would braingasm again and again... and again oooooo *eye rolls*"
,Recommended,210970,20830321,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ResidentEvil92,"First thing is first.  The Witness is easily worth $40, even $60.  People who dismiss this game after just the first 30 minutes are missing out on what I think is one of the best games of all time.  The game is a slow burn.  It will take some time to really fall in love with it.The Witness is a game from Mr. Blow, the genius behind Braid.  He spent around 7 years working on this game and it clearly shows.  The game is incredibly polished, with beautiful watercolor graphics and literally no glitches.  The sound design is eerie and very minimalist but contains very immersive sound effects, like water and walking through different terrains.  Overall, it's really, really well made.The gameplay consists of solving line puzzles on a grid.  The game starts easy and gets more and more complicated.  The design is absolutely brilliant.  Basically, this game does NOT hold your hand AT ALL.  You are forced to figure everything out on your own.  This makes it very challenging, but also extremely rewarding and satisfying.  I want to again stress that this game does not ever...ever help you or hold your hand.  You must observe and think critically to understand the puzzles.  This is a breath of fresh air in the current gaming market.  To put it bluntly, The Witness respects your intelligence as a gamer, unlike so many games.The ""story"" is not really a story, but rather a reflection of human endeavor.  The puzzles in The Witness are analogous to human progress and discovery.  Humans have come a long way since cave man days.  Slowly, through observation and patience, we came to better understand our environment and eventually understand the physical laws of nature that govern everything around us.  There are many highly interesting scientific/artistic audio logs and even a surprising video I found from James Burke in the game.  Each audiolog, when pieced together, tells a subtle, but brilliant ""story.""In conclusion, I love this game.  I honestly can't think of any flaws.  10/10"
,Recommended,210970,31302612,Posted: 22 April,all,🔴 duNN',"8,5/10Very good puzzle game. Hope you like draw lines.Don't be mislead. It's mostly 2D puzzles in a 3D world."
76561197969465776,Recommended,210970,20796929,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SiPEs,"This game a treat. From the start you can tell it gets inspiration from Myst, and yet is a truely unique experience. Simple yet deep, this game is well crafted. Initially seeing all the puzzles from videos, I was worried that it might get boring but this ended up being far from the truth. It's quite clever what this game does with the puzzles and I find myself always getting excited to reach the next one. But don't let that deceive you, the level of difficulty seems to be scaling quite a bit already and i'm only 6 hours in.On a side note: I could care less if it doesn't have music, i feel like it just adds to the experience. Its funny how people are like.. this game sucks, no music. Thumbs down! You gotta be open minded and patient with this game.Well worth the price."
,Recommended,210970,20801194,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,fuzzy-logic,Best puzzle game ever! Story seems like it may exist but is entirely environmental. World is pretty and fun to explore which also helps solve puzzles so it is a great loop to do.
,Recommended,210970,20804460,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,YellowReggae,"Journey of my first hour, from inside my head:- Thank god this runs on my gtx760 almost perfectly, no refunds needed!- These puzzles are cool- The learning mechanisms are great!- Doggo?- ♥♥♥♥ this is hard- What's down here?- WOAH, that was unexpected and coolEarly opinion - this game delivers. The puzzles are great with a brilliant learning curve. Graphics (and art specifically) are brilliant. I'm already thinking about things in a way I didn't an hour ago...and there's 40 hours of this. I am psyched."
,Recommended,210970,20794188,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Alex,"The best game about drawing lines I've ever played.Makes you feel stupid, and then smart, and then stupid again."
76561197975600421,Recommended,210970,20842958,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MMMiles!,"An absolute gem. There's a ""gotcha"" every 60 seconds.Beautiful world to adventure in, a true exploration game in the classic sense - look everywhere! I was not expecting to buy this until I heard a review that explained how deep and elaborate the puzzle system is. Each puzzle seems daunting immediately, and then the brilliant and minimalist design pops out at you right away. After 3 hours, I have around 100 puzzles down, and you can see the rabbit hole they are leading you done.Very impressive. Superbly delivered product and a stunningly beautiful environment. Rare to get both in the same game.Buy it, the world needs more video games like this."
,Recommended,210970,20773178,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dknighter,"TLDR - Outstanding puzzle game, little graphics options and only stereo sound.I don't think the other reviews understand the point of the game. This is by far one of the best puzzle games I have ever played! The puzzles can be extremely difficult at times with no instructions or guidance which is fantastic and exactly how a puzzle game should be. Not sure how long the games lasts but I can't see myself finishing anytime soon, a lot of puzzles I had to give up on because they were just too hard :P.There is little story however there are audio tapes scattered around the island for you to discover but I'm finding it hard to understand their meaning, maybe I'm too dumb or it will piece itself together at the end, I'm yet to find out.I assume this is a console port since the only graphics options are low, medium, high and vsync which isn't really that bad since the games runs brilliantly, I'm hitting 400+fps on high with a high end rig.The sound only works in stereo mode for headsets which is a shame but should hopefully get fixed soon."
76561198048312377,Recommended,210970,33902184,Posted: 30 July,all,TwitchTV_Vantazzy,"The WitnessWell, there isn't much to talk about this game actually, because the game doesn't really tell  you a story from the start or tell you anything. You just plunge in and figure it out yourself. Looking at it's title: The Witness, what does it mean? Right? And when you look around, you will notice things. With the explorational nature, you venture through and discover things you could not have imagined them yourself.The visuals are absolutely stunning, feels a little bit cartoonish, reminding you of ""The Long Dark"" or ""Firewatch"", two awesome games with that same graphical impact. Lot's of colors, themes, architectural buildings and landscapes. Same with the sounds, very atmospherical.This is a game you need to experience. The entire game is unique, no assets used from other games, everything is from the ground up original and unique in it's form, color and complexity. The price 36,99 might be a little bit too much, because the concept stays how it is: a puzzle game, no action, no death, no sick animations. I would say 29,99 or at it's lowest 24,99 are the best prices for this game.You can find ""collectables"" in the form of a datastick where people start talking about something. You only have to look very close for them.There is a WOW factor and a WTF factor in this game and I am not the one going to spoil you that fun. You find it yourself! :D However, when you do find it, it will extend your unique experience 10x more...""New"" puzzles have a bunch of tutorial puzzles for you to understand how things work in that area of puzzle solving. Using your surroundings and sometimes you even see a puzzle in your surroundings itself without having it on a tiny monitor, that was really refreshing, takes the air off the constant repeating puzzlescreens.Solving a puzzle opens doorways to another section or creates a shortcut so you don't have to travel all the way around it. Although travelling isn't really the issue here in this game, besides the shortcuts, you got boats as well.If you play this game, keep playing it till the end of it. I am a variety streamer, so I lost a lot of pointers from before and that made the game almost unplayable for me. I played about 70 percent of it, untill I HAD to stop with it.The puzzles became so complex and to me unlogical to comprehand that I decided to stop playing it. Like it is almost free roaming, the chance you miss the tutorial part is extremely big, that you get stuck at certain puzzles, that you need to leave them as they are, untill you have found that tutorial part somewhere on the island.Not worthy to stream it,  I don't want to feel like a little kid that needs the helping hand of it's daddy when I get stuck. (if you know how I mean with this) - (hint: chat, people, youtube, pretentious) - I did stream it and on one part, I do regret it. I did not ragequit because of the game, this game is awesome. No I ragequitted because of the people in chat. The pretentiousness was dripping harder then my streamcurrency... That cracked me, I uninstalled the game and not looking back.Like, if you want to puzzle with me, that is fine and helping me is fine too, but don't use like youtube videos in finding the sollution and come back at me and pretent you did it yourself. Like when I asked him the logic behind that sollution, he could not give me the answer.No learning curve for me at that moment and that spoils it for me. You need to understand the logic behind the puzzle, because there are more screens coming and they will be even more difficult.It can happen that I will return to this game, but for the time being, that is a NOPE!CONCLUSION:This game is awesome, stretched from one side of the island to the other side, every part feels like a different location, the isolated feels are genuine, the puzzles are challenging, sometimes unforgiving, the genuisness of it all makes this game every penny worthwhile. And there is this untold mystery you want to solve.The puzzle concept is repetitive, the line-ups of it's different aspects towards it tries to give it a refreshing look, but the basics are still present: Draw a line from one side to the other using all sorts of different rules.I recommend this game in the first place, because it is an experience you need to have experienced. I also do not recommend this game if the price stays this high, because the probability is high that you won't finish this game (or at least not on your own)"
,Recommended,210970,20795592,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ShinjiRarenai,"This is definitely a puzzle game - moreso thanPortalor other first-person puzzle games like that. It feels a lot more likeMyst. You are dropped in a world and have to figure out puzzles without any context whatsoever. It makes the puzzles a lot more challenging - but when you  understand how the puzzles work, it is a lot more rewarding.The puzzles increase in difficulty - one puzzle is ""teaching"" you how to solve the next. Getting the right answer to a puzzle isn't the point - it's figuring out how the puzzles ""work"" so you can apply that to the next one. You aren't going to be able to solve the puzzles by guess-and-check. You will spend time thinking about a puzzle, figuring out how/why the solution is the way it is, and -  once you ""get"" it - you will blow through a whole series of puzzles at a time (and feel really smart for doing so.)I haven't gotten to the point of frustration yet - so far I've ""got"" all of the puzzles that I've come across so far, or realized that they were based on a mechanic that I wasn't ""taught"" yet.Colorblind players might have issues with this game - some of the puzzles appear to use colors to hint how to solve them."
,Recommended,210970,20857675,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,lonelyspacepanda,"The Witness is a stunning and stunningly fatiguing puzzle game that captures both the moments of madness and bliss its creator must’ve felt over its seven years of development. And all that madness and bliss? Well, you’ll experience a fair amount too if you play it.Jonathan Blow, creator of The Witness, in an interview with The Guardian, said he wants to make games for people who read Gravity’s Rainbow. Not everyone who games reads books, and I imagine even fewer read Pynchon. Much like The Witness, Blow’s statement is obtuse and vague but still understandable: He wants to make a game that not everyone will understand, enjoy, or fully comprehend the first time through. In this sense, he achieved what he intended: a frustrating, beautiful and alienating puzzle game. In love with this idea, it seems he never stopped to consider how the player on the other end of the experience will feel about it all.On a surface level, The Witness resembles the open-world of Myst, puzzle mechanics that gradually build on each other like in Braid (his previous game) and rudimentary grid-based puzzles you’d find in the newspaper. One assumes there must be more to the game than this. In many ways there is, but not always in the ways you want or expect. The ways in which you discover and solve puzzles continues to surprise even after ten hours of play. With over 700 puzzles, it’s entirely possible that Blow is displaying every conceivable puzzle type possible with the rules at play. Discovering and playing with those rules is what makes The Witness so enjoyable and often so painfully tedious.Unlike Portal and other recent successful puzzle games, The Witness puts a focus on making the player define the rules of the world. Even a tutorial isn’t defined in this game. Instead, you solve a series of simple puzzles, discover nothing changed, and decide “Well, I guess that’s a tutorial!” The Witness is a game about thinking outside the box without ever knowing how big that box might be. Not only is this process deep and ingeniously clever, but it holistically feeds into what the game is trying to convey to the player about life and nature.If this is all The Witness contained, it’s be a masterpiece. Unfortunately, discovering the rules of the world is only half the experience. You also have to apply them. A puzzle game is only as good as its rule sets. A good rule set can make a puzzle game endlessly fun; I’ve played Picross for years and will continue to do so. But spending even a couple hours with some of the rule sets in The Witness makes me never want to play the game again.A good puzzle should be about figuring out what rules are needed and how they are applied, but so much of The Witness’ frustration comes from the game obscuring readability for challenge. Imagine playing Tetris with the screen half-black or Uncharted with the screen spinning. It would be unacceptable. The Witness is so far removed from other games that it can almost get away with these tricks at times but they are still cheap tricks: lazy ways of adding challenge to a puzzle that would be easy to solve otherwise.Additionally, half the puzzles are trial-and-error and not in the sense of “Does this rule apply here or that one?” but rather “I know what rules apply, I just don’t know the exact path through so I need to try again and again until I find it.” Where The Witness’ best moments made me feel satisfied by being observant and thoughtful, these puzzles made me feel like my time was wasted. I never felt clever or happy solving them, as they require an amount of brute force and patience that makes for a miserable puzzle-solving experience.There are awful things about The Witness. The game becomes so awful at the end that I decided to stop playing it and watch videos of the ending instead. I think Blow is a very intelligent designer but I also think he is a very stubborn one. He insists on making a complicated world that is not meant to be easily understood (or understandable at all, in some aspects); rather than a game world that is designed to accommodate the player. I don’t mean to imply the game needs tutorials or guiding the player -- it’s in these aspects that Blow’s stubbornness pays off -- but the puzzles should have been designed with player experience in mind. If they were tested on players, then Blow must be fully aware that his puzzles force nausea, discomfort, eye strain and just aren’t fun at all at times, especially in the game’s final section.The Witness is a puzzle game that tests the player’s resolve more often than their intellect. Even though Dark Souls is one of my favorite games, what The Witness asks of me in terms of visual discomfort, fatigue, and repetition is not worth the experience of playing it all. But it is worth playing. It’s a contradiction I’m aware, but the beauty of The Witness’ world, exploration, and message to the player is inspiring. It’s world is one of the greatest things ever achieved in games and when it’s good, it’s incredible. But more often than not, I found myself bored and tired by many of the game’s poor rule sets and combinations of them.There is a madness and obsession that permeates across The Witness. It manifests itself in the unfathomably beautiful and complex visual design and layout of the game. But, unfortunately, it also manifests itself in the puzzles that have a blatant disregard toward player experience. So in love with this vision, it seems Blow never considered how others may view it. The Witness is a game about the joy of discovery and observation, but so often its puzzles go directly against this theme.The Witness might aspire to be Gravity’s Rainbow, but it’s not. It can’t be. It’s not a book. It’s a game. And if it were more aware of this aspect, it would be a better one for it."
,Recommended,210970,21279137,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Daxar,"First and foremost: This is a puzzle game.I don't mean that in the obvious sense. I mean in the sense where it is the closest game possible (besides possibly the brilliant but flawed game ""Pandora's Box"" made by Microsoft) to a jigsaw puzzle. As such, each fragment of the game you complete - each panel, which you can see in the trailer - is meant to take a small portion of your time to complete, and be challenging in and of itself. If you know the solution, you can solve it within a couple seconds maximum and then immediately start on the next ""piece."" If you cannot solve it, place it down and pick up another. I see a lot of people complaining about lack of reward for completing each panel; your reward is the information you've gained mentally and your greater grasp as to how the puzzles work. If you do not get a sense of euphoria from understanding puzzles and completing them (or if you are failing to gain understanding of the puzzles as you play), this is not your game to begin with.This game also heavily rewards observant people. There is a particular puzzle in the game that I solved within minutes, because I quickly realized more information was needed, and sought out such information, finding it almost instantly. I watched someone else who took hours on the puzzle because they failed to recognize where they were missing information. No puzzle in the game has a solution that is obtuse or arbitrary; all the information you need to solve every puzzle in the game is given to you in creative ways; you just need to recognize it. 98% of the time, it is immediately around you, staring you point-blank in the face.Comparisons are hard to draw. I see plenty of reviewers likening this game to Myst or The Talos Principle. Neither of these are good comparisons at all. Myst had obtuse puzzles that were not explained fully with little depth. In The Witness, each puzzle is obvious and doesn't require vague clues from elsewhere. You are required, however, to fully understand the puzzle itself. Knowing how to solve it is not enough; there are many puzzles within the game with several possible solutions, and you are required to figure out them all. As such, each puzzle has incredible depth and complexity, which cannot be said of adventure games like Myst.Each puzzle also does more than form a small part of a whole; you are required to understand and learn what works within the puzzles and what doesn't. Once you understand the puzzle itself (which in my case, sometimes required graph paper, Legos, or both), solving it was trivial and took seconds. The same cannot be said of The Talos Principle, where each puzzle had a few variables which, with trial and error, could be used to create a solution, and even with the solution in mind could take several minutes.The Witness is not a game for everyone, and both positive and negative reviewers need to understand this (In fact, a negative reviewer explained in such depth what he disliked about the game that I realized this was 100% my kind of game and bought it immediately). If you are a curious player who pays attention to detail in every game you play, and who enjoys brilliantly-crafted mental challenges just for the sake of the challenge, this may well be the puzzle game you've been waiting for. If you suffer from impatience while attempting jigsaw puzzles, or often charge through games without peeking around every nook and cranny first, watch someone else play the first few minutes of The Witness to get a better feel. This may just not be for you."
,Not Recommended,210970,29812216,Posted: 9 February,all,Maria Cotillons,"Sure, it's pretty, but I couldn't stand a single puzzle anymore. Overrated, overhyped, big disappointment for me.I pushed to the end for the visuals. Welp."
76561198153604769,Recommended,210970,33909381,Posted: 30 July,all,Sonic Crippled von Snap Ninja,"A fantastic game. Layers upon layers of puzzles, beautiful gameplay, and a captivating aesthetic.  Worth every cent."
,Not Recommended,210970,21038474,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,cwillu,No ability to rebind keys.
76561198323788176,Not Recommended,210970,30950879,Posted: 4 April,all,Player1,"The game looks great, but has both a technical and a community defect.I use an uncommon keyboard layout and the game only allows you to choose a few different pre-set key configurations. On my keyboard layout all of them have the movement keys all over the keyboard, so it's not even playable.Worse though, is what I saw when I googled ""the witness change keybinds"". A player complained (harshly) about the lack of key configuration options. The forum admin responded in a passive agressive way and moved the thread to ""dumb internet comments"". This is not an acceptable way to treat your customers, even if you think their critique of your game is unfair. After seeing this, I can't in good conscience recommend the game to anyone."
,Recommended,210970,20805016,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,hysteria4u,"The game is beautiful and mysterious. The puzzles can get quite challenging which I love because not many video games try to ever be difficult. Sad to see the poor reviews but this time I think the critics are right on this one.. this is a simple good puzzle game that is also great to look at.I recommend this game if you actually know what you're going to get. If you do, then yes you will have fun."
76561198009045941,Not Recommended,210970,28130491,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mozart,"I purchased this game because I LOVED Braid, so I was expecting something as fun and simple yet subtle and atmospheric as Braid was. After 8 hours of play the verdict is: it seems I am not going to get it. No charming music, no story, no fun, just beatiful lifeless island and puzzles, puzzles, puzzles. I generally like intellectual effort, but in The Withess puzzle solving feels too much like boring meaningless work that I have plenty in my real life))) Too often I can't figure out what's required of me or how it works so I am just guessing and do trial-and-error, and I guess this difficulty would still be ok, if there were an in-game reward for solving, e.g. some plotline that develops along the chain of puzzles, but there is nothing at all like that so far. Maybe I don't love abstract puzzles enough to love this product....PS. BTW I read or heard somewhere that the environment hints you the solution- nope, have notwitnessedthat in the whole 8 hrs)))"
76561197995416801,Not Recommended,210970,21038285,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,podzorama,I'm sorry what??Why am I on this island? Who am I and what am I supposed to be doing? Where does solving all these puzzles get me? I mean I can see that the actual island is an enigma/puzzle but so what? Anyone care to give me the story here rather than a solve the puzzle walkthrough?Actually don't bother. I don't give a monkeys.I broke through the pain barrier after 350 puzzles and realised there was only 150 left. Oh joy.Soulless frustrating and ultimately very unrewarding.Glad its finally over and I can uninstall.
,Recommended,210970,29573943,Posted: 29 January,all,Okker,A really beautiful mind blowing game!
76561197994018516,Recommended,210970,29367566,Posted: 19 January,all,MonkeyMonkey12,Awesome game!  Beautiful and relaxing
,Recommended,210970,29132455,Posted: 8 January,all,NightHawk8P,"This game is fantastic, and I would highly recommend it.  The puzzle design is amazing.  It's the same ""kind"" of puzzle in that you're always drawing lines from one point to another, but the different ways this game makes you think, the puzzle design, and how often this gets switched up made this an incredibly enjoyable experience from start to finish.The only thing two things I would say detracts from the game are that you can come across puzzles you don't know how to solve yet, and the difficulty can spike randomly.  This is definitely in my top 5 for puzzle games though.Check this game out!"
,Recommended,210970,27258751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,P-Dude,One of the most beautifully designed games of all time.
,Recommended,210970,29074663,Posted: 6 January,all,Nothing.,I have played this for about 6 hours and I have 4 pages worth of patterns and codes written down. This is exactly what I want from a puzzle game. It's a beautiful game too
,Recommended,210970,29097671,Posted: 7 January,all,Chordus,"If you enjoy puzzles for the sake of puzzles, you will absolutely love this game.  Though the premise of all of the puzzles are the same (go from point A to point B on a grid), the variations on this theme are quite extensive- though there are hundreds of the puzzles throughout the island, you won't tire of repetition.This being said, if you need a story, or any goal to motivate you, I would recommend staying away from the game.  There is no story to be found; just disconnected, pretensious, 'philosophical' ramblings.  The game would have been better if these had been left out completely, but since it can all be skipped, it's not really detrimental to the game.The main puzzles of this game are all possible through logic alone- I would highly recommend avoiding any walkthroughs, as being given the answers greatly cheapens the experiance of figuring it out for yourself.  That being said, the black monolith puzzles vary from ""obvious"" to ""there is absolutely no way you will figure this out on your own.""  Once you complete the main game, don't feel too bad about breaking out a walkthrough to find all of those really obscure patterns in the world...  or just skip that section entirely.In summary, I highly recommend this game to puzzle enthusiasts, but not anybody else.  Know your own tastes, and don't try to force this game on yourself if this isn't your thing."
,Recommended,210970,26858907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ye11ow,"Easily the best puzzle game of all time, and my personal favorite game. This game was made by a genius."
76561198001151065,Recommended,210970,28245231,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Panda Cheeks,"This game dwells somewhere in between the fun and creativity of Portal and the challenge and philosophy of The Talos Principle all while utilizing its own simple puzzle design that it applies in incredibly intuitive and mind-blowing ways. There will be a moment - yes, a single moment - where you actualize the enormity of the game, and this moment will be different from player to player. It's well worth your money, and well worth the time spent. Not only will this game impart on you hours of enjoyment, but various moments of pondering and critical thinking. 10/10"
76561198059745040,Recommended,210970,30529588,Posted: 15 March,all,$$$$MakinMoney$$$$$,"10/10 - I LOVE THIS GAME!So challenging, so abstract, so beautiful, so creative, it really spoke to me in a big way. Cant praise it enough, it is a difficult test but I would say none of the puzzles are out of peoples reach if they are creative enough and dont get too easily frustrated. Very heavily relies on peoples intuition and curiosity, which i think everybody has to an extent.I think people make it out like this game is harder than it actually is. Dont be put off, Jonathan Blow's second master piece. Probably my favorite game for a long time."
76561198150819164,Recommended,210970,27025532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Your Average Super Mexican Taco,"The first hour may be discouraging, but if you keep playing you will know for sure if you love it or not.btw if you like puzzle games then this game is right up your alley"
76561197963411215,Recommended,210970,30828818,Posted: 30 March,all,Insurgo,"Fantastic puzzle game. Continuously adds more language for solving puzzles throughout the game. Non verbal, beautiful, and challenging. It never really feels like the puzzles end..."
,Recommended,210970,28537879,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zachie,Genuinely one of the most compelling games I've ever had the pleasure of playing.
76561198003218527,Recommended,210970,31041308,Posted: 9 April,all,Alma,A great and beautiful puzzles game !Do not play that game without aspirin..
76561198300573755,Recommended,210970,31045664,Posted: 9 April,all,hannemannemus,"This game might be too hard if you don't really like puzzles, but otherwise it's good."
76561197978347400,Recommended,210970,31004329,Posted: 7 April,all,Superfaab,"Very nice and challenging puzzle game. The puzzles can all be solved by hard logic, but sometimes it can be hard to see. Pretty environments as well to wander around in, and that also doubles as part of some puzzles.Really clever game that will challenge you."
,Recommended,210970,31020774,Posted: 8 April,all,BlackKnight,"Very difficult, but fun puzzle game.  Best played when a friend is also playing so you can bounce ideas of each other.Note: Some puzzles require sound and colors, so if you are hard of hearing or color blind you may need to look up the answers."
,Recommended,210970,28895895,Posted: 1 January,all,Garis,"The Witness is a great puzzle game, very layered, the graphics are like an impressionist painting. The puzzles can be tough but all the clues are in the environment and sound. I don't want to ruin the puzzle solving process but it was very rewarding to crack a puzzle you are stumped on for some time. Definitely a masterclass in game design."
,Recommended,210970,26567846,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Quinndini,One of my favourite games
,Recommended,210970,31067895,Posted: 10 April,all,私は希望です,"This is the hardest puzzel game, i've ever played."
,Recommended,210970,30634702,Posted: 20 March,all,Mr.E,"if you like: solving puzzles and being challenged. this game is for youif you hate: thinking, problem solving, and on certain occasions getting headaches. this game is NOT for you"
76561197964596681,Recommended,210970,30178581,Posted: 25 February,all,jenzosteez,"Brilliant, frustrating, yet oh-so-satisfying. Every puzzler's dream."
76561197996994169,Recommended,210970,30091790,Posted: 21 February,all,DobeyKweeg,"One of the most frustrating and rewarding games I've played. So yup, completely enjoyed it. Logic, abstract thinking, different visual perspectives are all required to solve this gorgeous yet tough puzzler. At face value I'm not too sure if people will think its worth the $40USD - I got it on sale. However it seems to me that a lot of effort went into the design of this. If you're into turning some frustrating ""how did this impossible thing even pass testing!?!"" moments into ""I'M THE SMARTEST HUMAN ALIVE!"" then, for the right price, I'd say go for it."
,Recommended,210970,28922589,Posted: 1 January,all,nastee3,"Good game, but very difficult. Very, very difficult."
,Recommended,210970,29048634,Posted: 5 January,all,StevoNDaHoodson,"Straddles the perfect balance between mind-bogglingly good, and mind-boggling. For anyone who enjoys learning, I can't recommend this game enough. (Instant saving and two-click quit are icing on the cake!)"
,Recommended,210970,27073500,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,boogles,"You start off thinking it's all about line puzzles. But then, you realize *it's all about line puzzles.*"
,Recommended,210970,27858276,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Toop,"It's difficult to describe how satisfying this game is to play. The game spoon-feeds you problem solving techniques at a fantastic pace, you just have to be open to accepting how it teaches you. The first areas are obvious meant to guide you, but you will soon wander off chasing gorgeous vistas and will encounter puzzles that are completely alien to you.You have to learn to leave puzzle you don't understand. The game will teach you everything you need to know, you just have to be patient and return when you've had all of the required lessons.In the end, when everything fits together, it is incredibly rewarding. The game has the proper sense of spectacle to deliver the type of moments you want out of a grand mystery."
76561198034610943,Recommended,210970,29861684,Posted: 11 February,all,Crispin,Very good game
,Recommended,210970,30197016,Posted: 26 February,all,LaFoRiK,"Buy this game if you:- Like Game Design- Like deciphering secret codes / cryptography- Can handle frustration- Like feeling rewarded- Like having ""Eureka moments""- Like exploring- Like thinking so out of the box that the box is just a dot on the horizon.10/10"
,Recommended,210970,26923510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mit,Literally a masterpiece. Literally.
,Recommended,210970,26650683,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Concrete,Amazing game that I would play again with VR support for the Vive.
76561197989465075,Recommended,210970,27750804,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sarpedon,"Great game. Wow. So many great WTF!?! moments. You could say this game is like starting in Myst, ending in Portal, and walking through Lost and Inception along the way. But that only scratches the surface of it!Just.. play it."
,Recommended,210970,29715740,Posted: 5 February,all,lesarch,"One of the best puzzle games I have ever played. This topped Braid when it comes to the complexity of the puzzles. The game slowly teaches you the rules of each puzzle. The reward for completing a puzzle is the satisfaction itself of actually solving it. Story-wise, not so much. But if you're open to a huge puzzle-based challenge, this is a great game to add to your library."
76561198157305529,Recommended,210970,29631298,Posted: 1 February,all,Fedora,Quick list of pros and cons.+ Very relaxing+ Nice artstyle+ Not too difficult+ Wonderful exploration+ Great learning curve+++ Puzzles!+Great game to play whilst watching TV- Most unsatisfying ending of all time (In my opinion)- Little replayability if you have a decent memory- Only around 15 hours of gameplay. (Probably way less if you try to do it fast)
76561198003249019,Recommended,210970,27044741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Magus,Useless review for the Steam Awards.10/10 would review again
,Recommended,210970,28817947,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Forrestofgold5,"The witness is a gorgeous puzzle game with some questionable elements, and this was another game I felt compelled to review. When I say that this game is gorgeous, I really mean it. This is quite possibly the best looking game I have ever played, even when compared to high budget AAA titles. The fantastic graphics are heightened when playing this game, as the fairly large open world you play in is set in a slew of environments including deserts, bamboo forests, treehouses, swamps, caves, cities, and a few others. While the game has a rudimentary fast travel system, I barely used it throughout the game as most areas can be quickly reached through shortcuts. Now, the meat of the game is in the puzzles, which are interesting grid ""mazes"" that gradually become more and more complicated with new rules constantly being added. Sadly, this brings me to my first negative about this game. While the world is open, many areas have puzzles that, without prior knowledge, are literally impossible to solve. I seriously wonder if this game needed to be open world, because many things would be much more straightforward if the game was more linear. There are probably many people out there who like the idea of an open world with these difficulty locks because a dedicated player could eventually figure out these difficult puzzles, but trying to solve the puzzle of if I know how to solve the puzzle isn't exactly for me. Through natural progression and tutorial puzzles scattered around the world, I eventually learned all of the rules of the witness. But, that wasn't always enough. While the game did have many cool ways to solve puzzles (reflection island being my favorite BY FAR), many of them seemed unfair. For example, one puzzle area tests your hearing in an almost ridiculous way, and I needed a guide to solve it.  The only other time I needed a guide was for the swamp area, which, again, was unneccessarily confusing. In the end, the witness is still a really strong game, and if you have the time to sit down and slowly take in the world while solving some mostly great puzzles, then this game is certainly worth a buy."
76561197969261393,Recommended,210970,29023071,Posted: 4 January,all,CountZero,An ode to epiphanies.  This game shows what games as a medium are capable of expressing.  One of my all time favorites already.
,Recommended,210970,29955971,Posted: 15 February,all,bitflipper,"Fantastic puzzles and beautiful environment make for a fun, relaxing gameplay experience"
76561197987191815,Recommended,210970,28211129,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sinner,"I very much liked the concept of The Witness: appearing on a desert Island, with plenty of puzzles, absolutely no text, no story, nothin, just puzzles.But I was expecting to discover the story of this island throughout puzzle solving, and this was not the case. I did not understand sh*t about the story of this game, and this was terribly frustrating, since I've spend 45 hours trying to solve as many puzzles as possible.Apart from this, The Witness is a fantastic puzzle game. It has a very specific approach to puzzle solving, in which you gradually learn how a particular type of puzzle works. This game is all about learning, evolution, and how you can use what you've done in the past in order to advance in the present. I think it has something to do with the game story, but since I did not understand sh*t, I really can't tell much...If you try to finish the game by solving every single puzzle, you will not only try hard to find how to solve a puzzle, but you'll also spend hours trying to find the puzzle itself. And I think that what makes this game unique, and so awesome.But again, I did not understand sh*t about the story, and I guess nobody ever did."
,Recommended,210970,28480463,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,whynot,"Game of 2016 for me. Beautiful, intelligent, refreshing."
,Recommended,210970,27909381,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Number One,If you like learning and solving puzzles this is for you.
,Recommended,210970,26958859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[MeFi] Kimtruck,Devilishly hard and relentlessly brilliant. Gorgeous to boot.
76561198025053546,Recommended,210970,30312427,Posted: 4 March,all,spyfoxguy,A deceptively simple puzzle game that's ultimately about curiosity and inquiry.
,Recommended,210970,27545694,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Adhenedhel,So many mindblowing puzzles. Great use of world design.
,Recommended,210970,27014698,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LethalKiwi,play it blind
,Recommended,210970,26704879,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Latté,A vast quantity of unique puzzles with outlandish mechanics plus a beautiful envoronment to explore.
,Recommended,210970,29130024,Posted: 8 January,all,Ashley,"The Witness has a lot of substance worthy of attention. It manages to do this even though 90% of your gameplay time is spent solving line puzzles.The Witness definitely doesn't follow many traditional game design processes, so it's hard to write a traditional review that marks gameplay, story, graphics etc. One traditional process that most games go through is rigorous testing that aims to maximise 'fun' and minimise struggle or frustration. The Witness never went through this, but it means that the final product is exactly what was intended, making it authentic.I'd recommend this game to people who enjoy exploring, and exploring a world that has something to say about our own world. It's for people who love mystery, whether they know the answers or not. Jonathan Blow has also said that it's for people with perhaps above-average attention spans (this will be obvious when you get stuck!) and people who recognise their feelings and how best to negotiate with them. It's also for people who get excited at the thought of pulling out a notepad and pen. It's only a guaranteed hit for people who love mind-bending puzzles, and difficult puzzles. It's definitely a puzzle-person's puzzle game.When you're stuck - take a step back; explore elsewhere. The answers are all around you."
,Recommended,210970,29641960,Posted: 1 February,all,1repoxy,This is a perfect game.
,Recommended,210970,28471790,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SpicedPotato,"The art design is spectatular, I love it. Exploring is really enjoyable because how pretty everything looks. Puzzles are challenging. I definitely struggled, but once you figured out the key it was rewarding.The only negative I have about the game is the price. It is pretty expensive IMO, I bought it on sale. I would recommend picking it up when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,210970,29352421,Posted: 19 January,all,unknowdata,"If you enjoy puzzle solving, then you probably enjoy this game. Most of the puzzle are limited to square puzzles with line dragging, that reminds me of 90s puzzle book selling inside most bookstore. This game is not for everyone.- No tutorial. No menu. Just straight into puzzle- Visual are very nicely represent as a puzzle cue. But some maybe a bit overused and feels very competitive.- Too many frustrationd moment that I can't get any idea from the puzzle. Which is usally normal for most puzzle game.... But many puzzle in this game aren't making anysense. I do have to use discussion forum/google search time to time because some type of puzzle aren't that enjoyable to solve.Does it worth $40? I don't know, you can get many more indie game at this price tag. But this one is one of the best puzzle I ever play and every $$$ did worth it.7/10"
,Recommended,210970,26534220,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,captainhoji,"Great game. Open world, non-linear game filled with puzzles based on one concept. It was the most ""exploration"" feeling game I've played. I just hope more open world puzzle games like The Witness (or at least something like The Talos Principle) come out."
,Recommended,210970,28779901,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,You Fool!,It's been two hours and I still have absolutely no idea what's going on. I love it.
76561198076416528,Recommended,210970,27189733,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkDragon7z,Enjoyed this game very much.  For such a simple concept I was surprised by how much variety there was with the puzzles.  The plot/mechanic twist toward the end of the game made me look at the whole island in a different light.
76561198028398571,Recommended,210970,32832908,Posted: 26 June,all,McKillney,I loved every bit of this game! It's right up there along with my two other favorite games: Portal 2 and The Talos Principle.
,Recommended,210970,31002521,Posted: 7 April,all,GameRaccoon,"The game is very challenging and gives you lots of different puzzles that sometimes can blow your mind. The more important is the way that you're given all that puzzles. The game does not lead you by the hand, it even doesn't tell you what are actually puzzles. You should open your mind and all your feelings to reach the end.I would like to tell more but I'm afraid I can spoil something (or I've already done it).I played this game a year ago and still haven't find any puzzle game that so big, so different and gives such incredible experience. Once I completed it, my first thought was: ""I want to forget all that I know about this game and play it once again""."
,Recommended,210970,31008736,Posted: 7 April,all,The masked Ninja,"Love this game so much and i got it on sale for 20$. I'm not really one to spend my time writing reviews but when the game is this good i almost feel indebted to the developers. it has a perfect balance between relaxing and hard enough to keep you wanting more, its the perfect game for me :D."
,Recommended,210970,27703671,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xDaudex,"Pros - Puzzle design, graphics, atmosphereCons - Can't think of anyThis game has extremely good puzzle design with an atmosphere that is also extremely good. If you like puzzle games you cannot afford to miss this one!"
,Recommended,210970,31159518,Posted: 15 April,all,Albatrocity,"A perfectly designed machine for creating flow state and feelings of epiphany, interspersed with obscure philosophical observations about flow states and feelings of epiphany. Highly recomended."
,Recommended,210970,27698771,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moon,Best and most creative puzzle game ever made to this day.Chances are that you won't even finish the game.
,Recommended,210970,34397137,Posted: 21 August,all,Sorath of the Black Sun,This is great for people who want to be challenged with puzzles and don't mind a lack of texted story and cutscenes. Just enjoy the scenery and solve.
,Recommended,210970,30221212,Posted: 27 February,all,Zelba,"Best puzzle game i've ever played.Pros:[+] Nice visuals[+] No music, just nature sounds. Makes the whole experience so very relaxing[+] No pressure whatsoever.[+] Open area with many puzzles that introduce different rules but still use the same mechanic that is introduced in the beginning. if you stumble upon something you don't know how to solve you can just go the other way and solve something else until you figure out that specific rules you didn't understand before.[+] No plot. I'd say is a pro, even though many people consider it to be a huge con. There are some collectibles and other stuff that makes you think there is something happening, but in reality it's just a puzzle game. Don't expect interesting ending or deep messages. You can on the other hand expect some cool secret stuff.[+] Incredible depth of the puzzles. The gameplay consists of you ""finding a route on special tablets"". It may sound boring, but each different zone introduces new rules that define the puzzle. There are sound puzzles, color puzzles, tetris-block based puzzles and many many more. Not only that but rules get combined and harder.[+] Vast ammount of secrets. As you gradually proceed through the game you begin to understand that there's something else besides simple puzzles. Not to spoil everything but there's a huge amount of secret puzzles, secret places and such and such. You just have to know where to look. And where to look from.[+] Everytime you boot up the game you continue from the point you left the game at.Cons:[-] No plot. If you're into puzzle games for plot then you should probably skip it.[-] It's not rewarding. You don't get a candy for solving all the puzzles in the area, you don't get rewarded for different actions. There are some specific things that will trigger secret scenes but that's pretty much it. The puzzles are their own reward.[-] Some puzzles include sound and color which might be challenging for tone-deaf and color-blind people.[-] Other puzzles you might find to be extremely difficult. I never felt frustrated with the game because if i found myself lost i usually checked a guide or something, just to keep the experience flowing and relaxed. Some other people might have problems with that and stay stuck at some particular puzzle, which might result in some frustration.I can't recommend this game enough for all the puzzle-genre fans but i've read lots of reviews where people felt lost due to the ending and misleading nature of the game, that occasionally makes you think there is a story, a point behind all that. Citing words of infamous Sean Murray ""Don't go in looking for that kind of experience. It's not that kind of a game""."
,Recommended,210970,33617097,Posted: 17 July,all,realitysvirus,"The Witness is an unbelievably beautiful puzzle game that introduces simple mechanics, largely one at a time, but quickly becomes extremely complex as each of these are pushed to the heights of what can be communicated via a few simple figures.The Witness is one of the most beautiful games I have played in a very long time - every detail is crafted with an excellence that turns the game into a real work of art.  The island features several distinct visual zones that flow smoothly into each other, blending the landscape with urban elements seamlessly.  The soundscape is also excellent - despite lacking any music, the footsteps and ambient noise of the environment is engaging and immersive.  In its own right, this mastery of visual and audio makes The Witness a game worth experiencing, but the true excellence comes in the form of the islands many puzzles.Writing about the puzzles of The Witness without spoiling anything is extremely hard, so I’ll do my best to be as general as possible here.  The Witness’ core puzzle mechanic is very simple - draw a line from a starting point to an ending point on some sort of grid.  While this starts simple, additional mechanics (represented by symbols on the panel) are added as the game progresses that create ‘rules’ that dictate particular actions to satisfy the conditions of the rule.  There are a number of these such rules to explore around the island, ranging from simple to complex, but the real challenge stems from the overlap of these rules - that is, panels that feature multiple, concurrent conditions.  Very quickly, meeting all the conditions of the puzzle can become extremely complicated - and in order to finish the game, it is 100% necessary to completely understand all of the rules, and their special properties when interacting with each other.  This creates a degree of complexity that I have found in few other games - but this complexity is counterbalanced by a degree of freedom to move about the island, open-world style.  This is to say, that if a particular puzzle has become too infuriating to keep working on, you are permitted to leave it at any time, and come back to it later.  This nonlinearity has its issues (read - walking into areas with puzzle types you are completely unprepared to deal with), but it leads to a sense of discovery and helps to avoid played becoming too annoyed with a particular panel.Despite all its beauty, and a very fun core mechanic, I have a hard time giving a positive net review to The Witness.  Perhaps its greatest flaw is a lack of feeling completed - I have reached the widely accepted end of the game523, +135, +6, seen the secret ending, it’s hard to feel like I have really beaten it.  The steam achievements don’t help with this feeling either, with neither of them representing a true ‘completion’ of the game.  Though some may argue that this is part of the art, as a completionist, I find it somewhat annoying to play for as long as I did, for no real sense of ending.  This alone was really detrimental to my overall experience in playing the game, however, don't let this alone deter you - if you're okay with something feeling ""unfinished"", The Witness is a lovely game that I would highly recommend..Overall Rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,210970,28308393,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,það bergmálar þegar ég anda,"I totally underestimated The Witness when I started playing it.When you think you beat the game you discover that there is so much more and more puzzles...The graphics are really nice and the puzzles mindblowing, some hard, some funny even...They put a lot of content in this game and with so much love for detail, which is why I would recommend this game to everyone who enjoys solving puzzles in nice environments..."
76561197971540053,Recommended,210970,29016097,Posted: 4 January,all,Xeno Xenox,"The Witness is set in an intriguing and attractive world based on a simple but pleasing rendering style.  The game begins by introducing the simplest of puzzle mechanics and then seamlessly building on that singular mechanic through layers upon layers and combinations upon combinations, with many additional twists thrown in throughout the game.The Witness teaches new puzzle elements and skills through hands-on experimentation and problem solving, with no direct instruction.  It does this in a wonderfully immersive and successful way.I paid $20 for the game and found the novelity and length of experience to be good value at that price."
76561198168812186,Recommended,210970,29610842,Posted: 31 January,all,mikeh1675,"The Witness is a gaming experience like no other. It has no narrative, no other characters to interact with, no health or HUD, and very few game mechanics (you can't even jump), yet it's ability to teach, evoke emotion, and captivate you into finding every secret and solving every puzzle simply through the design of it's environment and the puzzles within it, is what defines this as one of the most intelligent and absorbing games ever made.You cannot begin to understand the layers of intelligence and cleverness that the game's island possesses and challenges you with, and I can't describe them to you without giving away any spoilers. I can't recall any other game I've played (and I've been playing games for over 20 years) that has provided so many ""oh my word that's absolute genius"" moments when I've noticed yet another thing the game does that is easily overlooked and brilliantly interwoven into the island's design.The puzzles themselves follow a simple common rule - draw an uninterrupted line from the circular start point to the half-circular end point - but the additional rules and challenges that each area of the island throws at you are enough to keep you constantly thinking, observing, and obsessing over their solutions, even when you're not playing the game itself. What's more, most of the puzzles have enough variables that you're extremely unlikely to get the solution just by guessing - although sometimes an element of trial and error is necessary to figure out if your theories are correct.If you play this game, I strongly recommend you don't get any outside assistance. The solutions to all the puzzles and secrets are, of course, available on the net, but the feeling of satisfaction when you've finally cracked that difficult puzzle, or of wonder when you discover a secret about a seemingly innocuous area that you've walked through oblivious many times before, these are the emotions that define the game, that reward you for your perseverance, and that make it the masterpiece that it is.Even when you think you're finished, there is more to do, more to find, more to see, and a special area of the island that provides you with it's toughest, most frustrating, most heartbeat-increasing puzzles of them all - you'll never be able to hear Grieg in the same way again.To summarise, if you're looking for mindless entertainment with lots of explosions and the ability to swear at 13-year old kids, this is not for you. The Witness is a game that took several years to make, and it shows in every detail packed into it's game world. It's ability to combine clever puzzles, many layers of intelligence and intrigue, and a beautiful, colourful world is unmatched by anything that has come before, and probably by anything you'll ever play again."
,Recommended,210970,29725541,Posted: 5 February,all,foleydil,"I was very skeptical about The Witness after reading the reviews, particularly the ones that said this game is pure puzzles, and that the only reward for completing them was more puzzles. Turns out those reviews were totally accurate, but it didn't stop me from logging 35 hours - doing puzzles.The mechanics of the puzzles themselves are well-introduced, but that didn't stop me from pulling my hair out trying to figure out some of the solutions. Seriously, they get TOUGH at some points, and that makes it all the more rewarding.The setting is an island that is intriguing, and the game's use of angles, sound, reflection - basically everything in the environment - is frankly brilliant. The ""game within the game"" is expertly put together. There isn't really any story per se, but I still felt mystery and delight at discovering new places and things within the island. That was reward enough for me to keep going.That said, there were weird audio/video clips that I thought were super pretentious, bordering on nonsense. Maybe some people will find deeper meaning, but I didn't quite get there. I do wish there were something more rewarding throughout the game , I felt a little empty at the conclusion.Overall, great puzzle game but you REALLY need to like puzzles. No story, no great reward, but brilliant settings and challenges. Recommend for those who enjoy clever, well-orchestrated puzzlers.EDIT: If I'd been a little more patient and thoughtful, I would have gotten that satisfying reward I was looking for. Went back and found it, so I wanted to update my review with a slightly stronger endorsement. Great game."
,Recommended,210970,29754636,Posted: 6 February,all,Kzinoven,"Honestly, I really, REALLY liked this game, but at the same time it's really hard to recommend to others.  It's pretty damn expensive, and there's kind of a high barrier to entry.  If the thought of solving hundreds of logic puzzles turns you off, OR you just hate first-person exploration games, then skip this one.  BUT, if you dig the idea of exploring an island completely packed with mystery, hidden secrets and tons of line puzzles, then you can't go wrong.  Absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,210970,29759388,Posted: 7 February,all,Gamejack,"The Witness is a puzzle game. It's a beautiful, meticulous, ingenious pain in the neck of a puzzle game. And for all my complaining and struggling and frustration I was completely hooked.The very start of the game sets you up to question - where am I? You're thrown straight in, you play around in a nice little learning area, and then you set out free to roam and explore a stunning and mysterious island. The next day of your life is spent running around solving puzzles, speculating about the nature of the island, and activating things for a reason you don't understand. It's great.The puzzles are exasperating. The design is spectacular. The ideas are original and humorous. The atmosphere is spot on. The gameplay is perfect.If you like puzzle games and you fancy testing yourself then this is a masterpiece.You can hear my brain exploderight here."
76561198010826973,Recommended,210970,29921039,Posted: 14 February,all,MuMushkila,"At times, The Witness may seem as though it is reserved for geniuses. It does have parts that are ""brick wall"" difficult, where you stand, cursing at a puzzle for a long while. More importantly, it is a fun, challenging puzzle game that has a lot of content. The Witness has an incredible way of teaching you principles and lessons without any dialogue. The Witness at its surface is a puzzle game, but symbolically it represents how mankind interpits the world around him. I'll go out on a limb and say playing the Witness makes you a better person. You'll feel a sense of accomplishment upon completion of areas, and for good reason. Instead of pressuring kids to go college, we should just give them a copy of the Witness."
,Recommended,210970,31084731,Posted: 11 April,all,torrenptz,"There is no story, it is simply you on an island left to explore and to learn to understand. If you have a penchant for beautifully crafted puzzles then I can't recommend this game enough. It challenges you every step of the way, teaching you its own symbolic language and building on it throughout. I discovered this after Talos Principle, so if you liked that and are looking for a different but equally as delightful and rewarding experience then this is probably for you.If you struggle with any of the puzzles try exploring different areas of the island instead and everything will start to fall into place!"
,Recommended,210970,31383507,Posted: 26 April,all,Tyrant of Troy,"A sublime experience. The 'Aha!' moments are spine tingling when they come, and just when you think you've figured out the rules of the game, you realise you have no idea what the hell is going on. The reveals are understated, and the only barrier to completion is you and your brain. I can't remember feeling this awestruck since Braid!"
76561198005656454,Recommended,210970,32573928,Posted: 19 June,all,Pure_Badger,"One of the most challenging, engaging and absorbing games I've ever played.  Has a surprising amount of depth and layered content that goes far beyond just drawing line puzzles.  It's not often you play a game where you learn about yourself at the same time as you learn a games mechanics.  Absolutely one of my favorites."
,Recommended,210970,34268196,Posted: 15 August,all,ForceOfWilliam,"A short note: The Witness is not a game about line puzzles at its core, but spoiling what the game is really about would, well, spoil the game. This isn't to say the many line puzzles aren't interesting, each element of the puzzle language adds new constraints that cause you to approach puzzles differently, but once you know, it's clear that they're there to facilitate the true nature of the game, rather than an end unto themselves. This also explains why the gamehasto take place on its island, rather than just presenting the line puzzles on their own.The Witness doesn't seem like it should be an exciting game, but it certainly was for me. I found each new element exciting with the possibilities for puzzles it added. I found finding solutions, which range from simple to devious, exciting and satisfying too, especially when I was convinced a puzzle was impossible to solve. And, of course, without spoiling it, something else is amazing if it hasn't been spoiled for you. You might play through all the line puzzles without experiencing it, though, so, oh well.You'll know when you see it."
76561198025024220,Recommended,210970,28702826,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,beth,"I put off buying this game because I misjudged it completely from the trailers and screenshots. It looked low-res and and the puzzles seemed blatant and repetitive. I was SO WRONG. It is a lush, beautiful world and the super-saturated palette make it so dreamy and helps you figure out where you are. The puzzles are not stand-alone games, you have to use the environment to find the solutions. The world around you is part of each puzzle. You are free to roam and circle back later to the ones that stump you. The answers are usually very simple, and sometimes extremely clever, but you have to look around you! Sometimes a different perspective will be all that it takes. Don't cheat and look at walkthroughs, you will be so satisfied when you figure things out!I played for almost 20 hours and was still discovering new little hidden places. I love that I can stand in a certain spot and see a figure in the rocks that was hidden in plain sight the whole time. The world is full of these optical illusions and you don't even notice that they're there until you've shifted your viewpoint. Gorgeous, gorgeous game. Will go down as one of my all-time favorite puzzlers."
76561198006935431,Recommended,210970,28815881,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Iluvatar_gr,Excellent game reminded me of Myst and Riven but it was clearly better and more focused than the two oldies (although much easier than Riven).Excellent puzzles with amazing perspective mindf*****s.I completed the game COMPLETELY blind (as I did with Riven back in the day. Those that are old enough know what this means:P) at about 25 hours and got the second ending at 35. I'm now solving the environmental puzzles so I expect at least 50-55 hours of content which is actually amazing for a puzzle game.9/10 for meps: Don't believe people that have 15 hours on this and claim they've finished everything without guides. They are simply lying and were sneak picking puzzle mechanics and solutions 24/7.
76561197981706607,Recommended,210970,28816212,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Amalzain,"I've completed 514 puzzles and found 50+ bonus items, the videos, the ending and secret ending, but there's still lots I can do (mainly obelisk puzzles at this point).  It's hard to tear myself away - the environment that is The Witness is filled with puzzles, all with the same basic rule but with dozens of variations. I got help on about a dozen, with 3-4 concepts and 'what next' guides also used to open up further venues. There's so much here, and it's amazing to just wander the beautiful environments, even as you're constantly looking for new puzzles and secrets. I can't put into words how enthralling this game has been, although some of the rewards earned (the videos, specifically) didn't seem worth the effort.  But honestly, the journey is its own reward. And the Witness is definitely a highlight of my year in gaming."
,Recommended,210970,28848530,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Oneki,"Mindblown!Ingeniously designed. If you need some genre framing - open world puzzle game. Don't expect story handed over to you or any music. Just a lot of the 'same' puzzle with infinite creative spin. Every time you think you're done, there's more waiting.Feels like Fez, Myst and Talos Principle."
,Recommended,210970,29128172,Posted: 8 January,all,BlindWrath,"The Witness is a puzzle person's puzzle game.The environment is gorgeous and incredibly designed.The puzzles challenge you, forcing you to learn new rules with every panel.It's brilliantly put together.Time to beat: 36 hours for The Challenge and all 6 videos (503, 75, 1)"
,Recommended,210970,29137539,Posted: 9 January,all,Kevn,"Easily one of the greatest puzzle games ever made. If you are a person that is driven by the need to understand or solve something no matter how long it takes, this is definitely the game for you. If you are a person that will give up after being stuck for a certain length of time or someone that will search online for answers if you can not immediately solve a problem yourself, this is definitely not the game for you.  Please note that having no instructions on what to do in the game or giving the locations of the puzzles is what helps make this game amazing, it is not a flaw. The purpose is for you to explore and have those descovery moments when you finally understand something about a puzzle or the world that you previously did not."
76561198100356619,Recommended,210970,29287893,Posted: 15 January,all,Jaydelnorte,"I bought this game after seeing it on everyone's ""game of the year"" lists and I really enjoyed this game. The basic puzzle mechanic of this game evolves throughout it, keeping it fresh. If you get stuck there are plenty other areas to discover and work on. The island is beautifully rendered and has a lot of detail. I was really surprised at how big the game is, it keeps going and feels like a lot of love has been put into it. The mystery of the island is intriguing and was fun to try and figure out. If you liked Myst and enjoy IQ type puzzles then this is an amazing and very chill game to spend your time in."
,Recommended,210970,29573513,Posted: 29 January,all,Comatose Turtle,"A very clever puzzle game that is especially great at guiding you gently into new puzzle concepts without holding your hand.  I found all of the new concepts that it slowly introduced to be surprisingly nuanced, and there were a couple of times where I was genuinely stumped and had to try again the next day.The end game (parallel to actually ""beating the game"") is a bit annoying, though, because it's a bit too open-world, ""collect all the things God-knows-where"" type nonsense that's far too popular these days.  Which is a shame, because it's actually very cool how it plays on a concept that any puzzle game player will recognize.  My recommendation is to look up a guide once you get to it, because I don't find it worth my precious time wandering around and wondering what you're even looking for."
,Recommended,210970,29578227,Posted: 29 January,all,KatFrog,"""The Witness"" is an amazing puzzle game like no other I'd played.  This is a game where you have to solve a maze without crossing any lines you've highlighted, with symbols in the maze providing extra rules that must be followed.  In a twist, the game gives you no outright instructions - only training puzzles that allow you to intuit how each symbol works.Note:  I strongly suggest you write down how each symbol works, because you run into symbols late in the game that you learn early in the game.I like that ""The Witness"" needs brainpower and not speed or reflexes for success.  There are only two puzzles that are timed in any way, and one of the puzzle is easily solved in the time alloted.  In fact, you know you have solved one of those puzzles correctly when time becomes a non-issue.Overall, I highly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,210970,29591456,Posted: 30 January,all,deadpadre,"The game is by far the best puzzle game you can find there in terms of puzzles, though it has virtually no plot at all. So, for everybody seeking for another Portal, you guys better go play something else. For everybody else who is kin to solving it's indeed a must have."
76561198066580030,Recommended,210970,29660362,Posted: 2 February,all,Diddums,"For starters: Puzzles. If you don't like them, then you're going to struggle through The Witness without a companion guide (and honestly, there really isn't much point in playing that way unless you're totally stumped, so move along in your Recommendations Queue). Love puzzles as much as I do? Liked Portal? Chances are, you'll enjoy The Witness; maybe more or less than I did--but about that, later.The Witness has an elegantly simple premise: Solve a puzzle = Move Along Home. Solve a puzzle = Move Along Home. That's the first layer of the game; and the game teaches you how to play as you Move Along Home, steadily increasing the difficulty of puzzles, the rules of certain subsets of puzzles, all the while, tantalisingly, and teasingly, edging you on with beacons you feel, eventually, will culminate in answers. That's all there is to it. If that's enough for you, if you think you'll get your money's worth from this paragraph alone, what are you waiting for?The second layer, without giving anything away, is all about presence, space, time, and perspective. What the first layer does is rewire how you see the world of The Witness; and, in turn, how you experience your own sense of presence, space, time, and perspective, external to the game. There are a handful of Easter eggs to this effect, reminding you... well... about yourself. Your relationships with things, within other things, without them, be they objects, people. That difficult-to-quantify substance about human nature, all of it harking back to my undergrad philosophy days and them some.I'd say the third layer, that's a combination of the first and second, challenging how you experience your self; and your self experiencing the game; how you move about space; how you regard the time you spend (in game, out of); how you see, what you consider you see, how that changes, how your perspective has changed throughout the course of the game and your life; how a moment ago, a puzzle seemed impossible, and the next, is solved. Always the now.All of this culminates in a unique gaming experience, philosophical, at times almost spiritual, as you delve into your own psyche (sometimes at wit's end), and the delicate strata of the developer/s, ""clues; scattered all over the table like crumbs"".Will it be easy? No.Will it be hard? No.Will there be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? Such is life.Get out there and find out!10/10"
,Recommended,210970,30062545,Posted: 20 February,all,Nadia,"At first playing this game, I was bitterly disappointed with it.For me it was just a classic mobile puzzle game with levels 1-1, 1-2, 2-1.. but the excuse of the environnement was just to walk in 3D between the boards that replace the button-levels from a hub. After lots of really good recommandations and titles like ""PUZZLE GAME OF THE YEAR 2016"", I couldn't fit in the hype even tho I do love this kind of game.And then I got stuck stupidly in the Apple section because I was searching something that doesn't exist. And then I understood why this game was really incredible.Please do not get your review and your appreciation of this game by just the first boards and puzzles you will face on. Walk just a bit more, and it will become mindblowing. Explore! Some discovers get pretty excitingthe map!!!and completing the game will make you miss its unique atmosphere.It is ok not understanding or succeeding in the firsts hours of a puzzle game. That doesn't involve it's a bad one and that it has only one thing to say to you."
,Recommended,210970,30426661,Posted: 10 March,all,Shovel,"The WitnessORA Poke Around In Jonathan Blow's MindA ReviewI'm gonna get it out of the way and say I loved this game. For me, personally, it hit all the right notes. Plus, even the idea of the thing appeals to me (Bespoke in-house engine? I'm not the only one that finds that neat hopefully.) As a strong advocate of ""Games can be art."", this is a fantastic example of the stuff you could argue for. My mum would probably play and enjoy this, stick it in a museum and just let folks walk around.I went in knowing:It's a first-person exploration gameIt's got some sort of line puzzlesIt's by Jonathan Blow, and I thought Braid was pretty goodIt did pretty well review-wiseThis is pretty much how I'd recommend playing it. The trailer presents the game well, but it also gives away many of my favourite moments of discovery on the island, and isn't discovery half the fun? I spent my first hour just wandering around in a daze, looking at all the cool stuff on the island. And what an island it is! Everything, from the smallest rock to the buildings to the vistas and more, is placed justso. You'll start to notice it early, but the sheer extent and scale of the design that went into this thing is impressive. It's not crowded, but there's plenty to do and see. If seeing is your thing, there's literal art installations scattered around the whole place, sometimes obvious, some less so.That's the thing about The Witness. Like an Ogre, it's got layers. You have to get used to thinking in them if you really wanna get into it. There's the superficial beauty of the island, sure. But there's also that statue that's neat, and the way the rocks look like something from this angle, and the way those shadows intertwine, and also the clouds make a cool shape from here. Every once in a while you should stop whatever puzzle you're doing, and just look around. Really look around, see what hidden stuff you can pick out. It's there, I can assure you.Puzzle-wise, there's a nice difficulty ramp, with the caveat that it's not all in the same place. If you come to a puzzle you can't solve, maybe explore until you find an earlier section of that series. Of course, some puzzles combine mechanics and others still are pretty unique, but there's always something else to do if you get frustrated. For me the solutions fell mostly on the right side of the wall, but one person's ""That's so smart!"" is another's ""That's dumb."", so your mileage may vary. The odd few I did get sick of, but there's complete guides you can peep at to get an idea of how to start, or if you want just copy. I wouldn't blame you for some of them, but do try them first at least.Qua atmosphere, this is another point of contention among reviews. My view is you either ""get it"" or you don't. Not in any superior sense, but in a more ""I identify and am interested with the concepts presented here."" There's very little music, which is another thing by design. It makes the Island a little spoopy, especially when you suddenly see a statue looking at you. Then again, they soon become old friends as you trek around, landmarks if you will. Each area has it's own visual and puzzle theme, so of course you'll have a favourite, and some will be less good to you. Me, I'm partial to the Monastery, but maybe that's my weaboo showing through.With all the philosophical guff, that's what the subtitle is about. This game is -i'm sure there's an art word for this- a piece that's Jon Blownow. Or presents the ideas that make up his worldview. Or just ideas he likes. It's not terribly clear in specific, but rest assured the gameisJon to an extent. The videos and audio diaries don't all present a common theme, but they all go in vaguely the same direction, if you get me. These are also sometimes echoed in the themes of the Game itself: exploration, experimentation, the joy of discovery... This feels like a pet project of Jon's, which it ostensibly is. But also it feels very personal, like he made it for himself a little and decided to share it. He's left a lot of things lying around, and it doesn't feel as if you're intruding, but definitely that this is not ""yours"". It's really easy to imagine Jon hanging up whatever he's doing now for the day and boot this up to unwind.In closing: If you ignore one or more of the aspects of this game (Gameplay, visuals, design, themes, guff...), you may not get your money's worth. You can't put all the weight on one pillar and expect it to hold up. But as a complete package, taken as a gameandan art piece? Definitely an important title in that regard, and a great one too. If you read all this and thought to yourself: ""He's talking out of his♥♥♥♥♥quot; or ""What a load of tripe."" more than twice, then maybe the puzzles won't hold this game up for you.But: if the descriptions of the visual layers and the arty-fartyness made you think ""Hmmm?"" or ""Interesting..."", then rest assured I haven't been forthcoming, there's a lot more types of everything to see, and my favourite part of the game I haven't mentioned cause, as always, it's better to find for yourself.TL;DR:Comfy walking sim with mostly good puzzles, fantastic visual/game design and some philosophy thrown in for good measure. Jon Blow's almost literal baby.I loved it, would recommend on a case-by-case basis dependant on taste."
,Recommended,210970,29572737,Posted: 29 January,all,ThisCharmingMan,"This is probably the greatest puzzle game I've ever played. It's beautiful, challenging, and maddening in equal parts. The sheer volume of content is impressive, and it's a great value at any price. If you want story, stick to Portal, but this is really something else entirely. Get it."
,Recommended,210970,31134290,Posted: 14 April,all,quantifier,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough, 10/10 if that was how Steam rated games. The way this game is implemented is fascinating. The puzzles are so simple, so fun, yet so devious at times. Learning how to do the puzzles with no instructions lead to so many satisfying ""a-ha!"" moments, and everything is done so ingeniously. I even love the style and graphics. This game is really a whole package for people who love to puzzle and explore."
,Recommended,210970,29237617,Posted: 13 January,all,spartanatreyu,"Only ~20% of players reach the end. If you lack patience, this is not the game for you.That said, The Witness is actually 2 games in 1:1) A puzzle game.2) A secret game only shown to the perceptive.You will get a different ending depending on which game you play. Make sure you also unlock the secret caves section too (in the red room before the end).The price seems a bit too much though, wait for a sale before purchasing."
,Recommended,210970,29626471,Posted: 1 February,all,RoroZoro,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves line based puzzle such as I.When I bought this game, I however did not know I loved line based puzzles, so go figure.Overall a great puzzle game set on a mysterious island with lots to discover."
76561198045172522,Recommended,210970,31094126,Posted: 12 April,all,johnfaber2,"I'm probably not even halfway through, and I already want to recommend this game. The puzzles are intriguing and sometimes require outside-the-box thinking. In that sometimes, hints as to how a puzzle needs to be solved arehidden in the landscape, or even invisibly on the puzzles themselves!The landscape looks gorgeous, even despite my lower-than-low graphics settings, while the puzzles themselves feature a minimalistic design.Although, you might want to make sure you have a decent graphics card. All I have is a potato that only THINKS is a graphics card, and while the game runs relatively smoothely, it also has a few puzzles that require you to quite literally see things clearly.EDIT: I think I wrote this when I was three hours in. I finished the game after another twenty.I started again just to get everything I missed the first time around.I do believe I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,210970,31129447,Posted: 13 April,all,kdbanman,"This game is brilliant.  It's not perfect, mind you.  But it's certainly brilliant.  The first thing you'll probably notice about The Witness is that its environment is strikingly beautiful.  And if you take the time to notice throughout the experience, you'll be struck just the same again and again.I'm far from an expert, but looking back at all the design choices in this game that I was able to recognize, I have negative opinions of just a couple, and very positive opinions of almost all others.  Especially the puzzles.  Considering just how many puzzles there are in this game, I'm very impressed by how varied they are, and how rare it is to find a bad one.Overall, I strongly recommend The Witness if you're looking for a quiet, wandering, challenging, and very pretty adventure.  If you're anything like me, you'll want to take long breaks away from the game once in a while.  But getting to the endgame content eventually is a must.  Not for the story, but for the puzzles.  The expect The Witness' endgame puzzles to be fond memories for me for quite some time.  What a joy."
,Recommended,210970,28867530,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,௵GoldenFox ㊙,"Before you purchase this game, make sure you absolutely enjoy puzzles, because that's the entire world of The Witness.The Witness will guide you through a world where every action you take requires you to complete increasingly difficult puzzles. Each zone has some overlapping rules, but unique ones as well which all need to be learned in order to complete the final area.If you are looking for a good story and flawless game, The Witness is not for you. There is no access to a map and some puzzles won't feel difficult, but rather unfair.If you simply enjoy doing puzzles and patiently thawing out every possible option, then you will love The Witness."
76561197991297029,Recommended,210970,29506908,Posted: 26 January,all,pyramoose,Fantastic game if you like puzzles and contemplation. It forces you to slow down and pay attention to your surroundings. Even weeks after finishing it I find it affecting my perspective on the real world.
,Recommended,210970,29177233,Posted: 10 January,all,Kcucullen,"I wish people buying this game could understand more about what it means to own it. Once you open the game once and work on it for a bit, you won't forget it. You'll close it and play other games, but you'll know it's there, watching you ignore it. It eats at your soul, man. Ridiculous♥♥♥♥♥♥But seriously, it's great game......if you can understand what makes it work. But you won't till you play it."
,Recommended,210970,28510337,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,fir3e`,Logic games are dying so I am happy that this is a masterpiece.
76561198002726312,Recommended,210970,34323679,Posted: 18 August,all,dex,"i may be only a couple of hours into the game, but already i'm absolutely loving it!the game does not go out of its way to teach you any rules to the puzzles you need to solve.  every time you approach a puzzle you need to learn the rules of the puzzle yourself.  and then, knowing the rules, find a way to solve itbut it's very good at subtly teaching you the rules step-by-step.  the first puzzle in every sequence is always very easy.  a couple of puzzles in and you begin (if you're being observant) to see patterns and the rules of the puzzle sequence slowly reveal themselves until you hit the last puzzle in the sequence where it really tests if you've understood the rules correctlyif anyone enjoyed the Myst series, this game is just as fun and rewarding"
76561198119881706,Recommended,210970,34371332,Posted: 20 August,all,iCookie,"Range of difficulty is just right.But the spikes from A to B is a bit high.Just that wish that there would be more of 'guides' and hints to puzzles.Also would really wish for more narratives along the game. Especially to new areas..The world is designed wonderfully. However, you do not have any interaction whatsoever with them.First ever environmental puzzle game and had a blast. I look at trees differently now."
76561198043792833,Recommended,210970,34372356,Posted: 20 August,all,Cr0ssley,"Finnished the feedback: The endings was VERY anti-climatic, Very nice graphics and music though.Pros:- Fun and challenging puzzles- Beautiful graphics- Fun enviroments and small hidden details within them.Cons:- Ending was anti-climatic.- Puzzles become stale, especially near the end.- Controls are a bit fuzzyControl & UI: 7/10 The movement has a ""Start up"" time that makes moving small distances rather annoying. No UI what so ever, which makes it so much better.Graphics: 10/10 Freaking ♥♥♥♥ing Godly, that all you need to know.Gameplay: 7/10  It becomes stale after some time, and the ending simply isn't worth it, buuut it challenges the brain.Story: 5/10 There is no story provided, so it's up to you to make a theroy.Music and Sounds: 6/10 Very little background music, the ambience does that instead.35/50: Positive.Personally, I would love to see a sequal to this game, and if it is, infact under dev, then PLEASE make a satisfying ending, I mean at least add some music to it."
76561198167781648,Recommended,210970,35199389,Posted: 25 September,all,beatriceaugust,"Unique puzzle-game. Very cool, relaxing yet intriguing. Interesting ""story""-aspect where you have to fill in the blanks and make up scenarios for yourself. The world-view this game provides stays with you along with the message and puzzles. Very good game."
76561198065645043,Recommended,210970,35256085,Posted: 27 September,all,nthJames,"An excellent 1st person puzzle adventure. The game guarantees the following: Extreme frustration, extreme satisfaction, and extreme blurred vision (due to stairing at a grid for too long).A wonderfully crafted world with attention to detail, a beautifully light story, and an addictive gameplay loop means you'll be stuck playing this for a while.Caution: Patience and mind breaks required."
76561198112492441,Recommended,210970,35313656,Posted: 29 September,all,shaevel,"This is the single best exploration puzzle game I have ever played, and I've been playing them since the original text-based Adventure and Zork. :) The depth of puzzles, many requiring significant lateral thinking is astounding. Even more amazing is how much richness evolves from a SINGLE mechanic, combined with clever conditions and limitations. Every time I thought I had to be nearing the end, something else unfolded with yet ANOTHER devilish idea. Sure, there are some similarities and near-duplications of ideas, but this makes it perfect for the player who enjoys gradually building on earlier concepts and watching how rich the solving process becomes with addition of subtle (and not so subtle) variations. Highest marks to the design team, and thanks for many hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,210970,34377476,Posted: 20 August,all,Princess_Power_Bottom,"This game is absolutely gorgeous. I've seen complaints saying that the open world is completely unnecessary and is just tacked on to flesh out the puzzles. Those people are downright wrong. The world Blow has crafted around the puzzles is essential to the game. Puzzles start very simple, but the difficulty ramps up quickly. Never have i felt the solution was unfair; infact the solution is borderline genius. The game really challenges your way of logic and turns your train of thought on its head, but always does so with a valid explanation. I'm prettt LTTP on ""The Witness"" but if you have the slightest interest take the plunge and buy this game. Especially while it's on sale!"
76561198015793843,Recommended,210970,34399892,Posted: 21 August,all,Narcoleptic Spy,"I expected Myst but got a beautiful 3D version of Candy Crush instead.The Witness is quite amazingly done; challenging and well thought out puzzles, beautiful environment but sadly no narrative. It really is just a string of puzzles in a 3d world with no explanation of who, what, where or why.I still recommend it though, some of the puzzles are simply ingenious but if you are color blind, tone deaf, irritable, prone to motion sickness or epileptic then you should probably avoid it."
,Recommended,210970,34407949,Posted: 21 August,all,Giraffe.exe,"Lots of fun. The puzzles are difficult, and they are fun to solve, but don't expect anything in return for solving the puzzles, except for more puzzles. You never learn why it is called The Witness, or anything else about this strange place, by solving the panels."
76561198103866293,Recommended,210970,25262125,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ElDuderino,Antone who doesn't like this game is part of the problem. This is a huge step towards more mature gaming community. Masterpiece in any  regards. Only criticism can be coldness to the player's achievements.
,Recommended,210970,32308231,Posted: 9 June,all,boom.,"Amazing visuals, on that alone I would buy it again. The puzzles are extremely well made, you slowly get introduced to systems, as you begin to understand the rules they get increasingly complex. It requires logical and out of the box thinking, the difficulty is relatively high the further you progress (and the rate of this increase in difficulty is pretty well done).I can not get over how beatiful and pretty this game is, for me it's 50% visuals and 50% puzzles as for the reason I recommend this game. Made almost a 100 screenshots in less than 10 hours because of all the sites to discover."
,Recommended,210970,29558693,Posted: 28 January,all,Joey'sHammer,"I'm a simple man, I liked the game. Probably had some deeper meaning and I definitley missed some stuff along the way, but learning how to solve a wide variety of puzzles and the visuals made this a great game for me."
76561198147650286,Recommended,210970,29566533,Posted: 29 January,all,Yarin,i think my brain died
,Recommended,210970,26110891,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sochi,"I love this game! If you love challenging puzzle games then this is the one for you! It starts out super simple but within 10 minutes you're dumped into a world full of puzzles that you have to try and find out how to solve. The game can make your head hurt sometimes just because of how difficult some of the puzzles can be, but overall it is a very fun game that really makes you think!"
76561198034457584,Recommended,210970,29049778,Posted: 5 January,all,Aspless Chaps,Hands-down best game of all time.
,Recommended,210970,29510786,Posted: 26 January,all,McDivvy,"Best game of 2016.Beautiful, sedate (mostly!), but most of all it's thinky.Well worth full price, 1/2 price is a steal!"
,Recommended,210970,32093793,Posted: 31 May,all,Mandel,YOU CAN DRAW LINES. 10/10
,Recommended,210970,29934737,Posted: 14 February,all,packerman80,Wonderful game.  It includes tutorials for each puzzle type within the world as well as combining familiar elemets to create a new and challenging puzzle.  Hidden secrets constantly keep you thinking about the game's deeper meaning.  Highly reccommended!
76561198138306519,Recommended,210970,30939935,Posted: 4 April,all,Squidgy,"It's 3 AM. I'm at my computer playing The Witness. I am in a pool of my own sweat. Surrounding me is crumpled up sheets of graph paper and graphite dust. I'm crying right now. I have a splitting headache. And I'm having the time of my life.Seriously though, this game is so fun. It makes you explore the island to find puzzles, and while there's only 1 mechanic, there are endless sub-groups. It may get frustrating, but there's always a solution in the room. Although be careful, it made me nausious after a while of playing."
,Recommended,210970,25227737,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Omabroodje,"I don't know how anyone could ever design this, it's really clever."
,Recommended,210970,21390678,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,david3x3x3,"If you like puzzle games, then you should definitely play this one. The fun parts of the game are exploring the island and appreciating the detailed environment that has been created for this game. Figuring out how the puzzles work is fun. There are many hidden puzzles, and you might feel a sense of accomplishment as you find them, but that's probably the weakest part of the game for me. There are lots of clues for where to look for the remaining puzzles, and figuring out how those clues work is a fun part of the game. But I feel that the least enjoyable part of the game is when you've finished the main ending of the game, and you're wandering around unsuccessfully trying to find hidden puzzles. I suppose I could say that you'd have the most fun if you went through to the ""ending"" of the game and stopped. The problem is that there are so many hidden secrets left in the game after that, and my curiousity compels me to keep looking for them, but the pace is slowing down and the game is becoming less exciting."
76561197971701135,Recommended,210970,21394912,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,outcast,"The horror you feel when facing a huge monster in a game like Darksouls is nothing compared to the dread you feel when facing a particularly hard puzzle in The Witness. There was a long time ago I came to the end of a game and feelt like that actually was a real accomplishment and where you really had to push yourself as a player, even to points where it sometimes becomes uncomfortable. I would not be suprised if you could increase your IQ be a couple of points by going through the Witness as this game provide ample excercice for the brain. It is really refreshing and I found strangely ""addicting"" compared to most other games. Even though the game is not ""fun"" in the traditional sense I found myself thinking about the game and missing it very much as soon as I was away from it."
76561198078317925,Recommended,210970,21403046,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,IN OPTIONS,"The envoirnment is incredibly interesting. Every little thing feels like its there for a reason. The puzzles feel challenging and clever and I was blown away by how the island itself comes to play its part in the puzzles. Exploring the island and progressing felt really cool. But it lacks a sense of reward. Don't expect a story or any kind of reason why you are there or why you are doing puzzles, there is no reason for anything. its just a game where you do puzzles. Just because there is no story doesnt mean its a bad game in my eyes because the game is still good for what it is: an interesting puzzle game.Also you need to be able to see colors and hear properly for certain puzzles, fair warning."
,Recommended,210970,21470141,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jager,Highly recommend this game if you are a fun of puzzle games.  The way all the puzzles build upon each other is amazing.  A word of warning though that this is a challenging game.  You won't be breezing through it in a few hours.  :)
76561197969358590,Recommended,210970,21474188,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bettr,"This is the best puzzle game I've played since Portal.  For me, it's better than Portal was.I don't want to spoil anything about the Witness, because the true enjoyment comes from discovering the essence of the game as you go.  So I'll speak in terms of Portal.  This game is tremendously longer (it took me ~40 hours to complete both achievements), and in my opinion is incredibly harder.  There are some puzzles I spent way too long on, and others where I literally laughed with excitement when I finally figured them out.  Whereas Portal had fantastic narration and at least some story-centricity, the Witness relies on mystery, discovery, and exploration to capture players.  The Witness is non-linear and each player's experience and discovery of the game is assuredly different.  I was able to solve enough puzzles to complete both achievements without any external assistance, although I know there are more facets of the game I haven't fully explored yet or just can't figure out.  This game does a good job with that adventure game trope: you discover interesting features in the world, which very likely have some function, but you just don't know how to interact with them yet.  I have a piece of paper here on my desk with reminders of such mysteries, as well as a bunch of puzzles I drew out to help me solve them.Worth knowing, I fit squarely into this game's target demographic.  It will likely appeal to players who are stubborn, inquisitive, and have taken at least one philosophy class in their life.  I refuse to look up any how-to guides or walkthroughs for games, knowing that the enjoyment comes from frustration followed by the joy of discovery.One critique of the game is that the puzzles themselves can be a bit repetitive.  By that I mean, they overall follow the exact same format the entire game, although with myriad variations on that core theme.  I do believe this was a conscious design choice for the sake of unity, however, I posit that the game would not have suffered, and perhaps would have felt more constantly fresh, if there were other types of puzzles.Braid was great, Portal was amazing, and this game is a step yet above."
76561198039741507,Recommended,210970,21489237,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jeff Goldblum,Buy if:- Problem solving doesn't result in feelings of anger and frustration.- Discovery is about you and the mysteries of the environment.- Any ideologies you have about philosophy and science need challenging (a soft touch).- You're tired of having your hand held through a game.- You're from the 19XXs and somehow feel the quality of gaming nowadays is lacking something (probably creativity and purpose).Don't Buy if:- Thinking is a chore.- Short attention span.- Idealistic and opinionated.- Hate repetition or minor variances in repetition (But doesn’t that just explain all games?)- If you blame your anger and frustration on things other than your inability to cope with your limited emotional intelligence / drug addiction.
,Recommended,210970,21505609,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kyess,"In the moments I could dissect and solve the puzzles on my own, it was a fantastic game.And in the moments I had to completely rethink my formula for solving these puzzles and face soul crushing frustration, it was still a fantastic game. It was just less forgiving; I had to look up the answers to two whole sections and a few singular puzzles because I couldn't wrap my mind around them.It's a game best enjoyed by the adaptive of mind (which I am not), but that doesn't mean a stray puzzle enthusiast can't jump in and come out feeling fulfilled. Just don't be afraid to look up the solutions. There's a lot to find and a whole island to explore, so as long as you've got the time and the patience (and the willingness to fail so you can later succeed), it'll be a fun ride.Beautiful visuals. Nice ambiance (and a car horn, and a cell ringing? if you can believe it). Quotes that really made me think. Secrets that still have me wondering.If you do decide to play, have a pencil and paper on hand and pay attention to your surroundings. Sometimes the right answer comes with a little bit of sketching and a slight change in perspective."
,Recommended,210970,29565235,Posted: 29 January,all,TBBle,"How far can you carry a single puzzle mechanic? I believe Jonathan Blow has demonstrated that the answer is ""further than you'd think"".This is not a game for people who like to feel smart. It *is* a game for people who like to feel momentarily smart about some clever insight or realisation, until they share with someone else who says ""That's great. Now, if you carry that a little further you'll get this even cooler result"". It's like a gentle and gracious reminder than someone, somewhere, is always just ahead of you, and that they want you to catch up.I spent my first 12 hour session (stopped mainly because motion sickness started to set in) happily following down the main quest, picking up the occasional hidden item and generally feeling quite proud of myself.Second session, a few hours in I'm polishing a couple of ""optional"" main quest sections, about to go checkout out the end-game area, followed by clearing out the last couple of hidden items to call it a day, when I look at something near the oversaturated forest, and think ""Huh, that looks odd"".Now I'm 20 hours in, and again preparing to go checkout the end-game area, followed by hunting the remaining secrets, which will be an enormous undertaking, even though the game has helpfully provided me a list to work from.The only advice I'll give here is: There's no red herrings here, and no meaningless choices. The only action I've taken which does not seem to have had any effect turned out to be a huge clue.And I didn't understand it until later, when I returned after my ""odd"" moment."
,Recommended,210970,20978609,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Duck,"I am not far enough in the game to write a comprehensive review, but I just wanted to say this: if you think this is just a maze game, you are wrong. Very, very wrong."
,Recommended,210970,21373427,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,dr_avalanche,"The Witness is the definitive puzzle game. Get your pencil and notebook ready, because you will need them. At first puzzles will seem easy, but soon the complexity will ramp up, until you're ready to tear your hair out. Or I was, at least. At the same time, the game does a fantastic job at suggesting how the different puzzle types work. And if the main ""story line"" of puzzles isn't enough, there is a rabbit hole of ""environmental"" puzzles to dig into if you don't want the game to end too fast.A whole hearted recommendation, especially if you've been waiting 20 years for a sequel to Myst or Riven."
,Recommended,210970,21393843,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Pietoro,"A brilliant, beautiful puzzle game that's all about perspective, careful observation of the environment around you, and thinking outside the box. The thoughtful craftsmanship of every element of gameplay mechanics and overall concept is really impressive, alongside the gorgeous world design.Having a pencil and note paper at hand is strongly recommended. ;)Important: There is no 'storyline' in this game. It's purely about discovering puzzles and accumulating the knowledge you need to solve them by exploring the island. If simply the reward of working out solutions to puzzles isn't enough reason for you to play this type of game, then you may find your enjoyment of The Witness lacking."
,Recommended,210970,21399663,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,PeteHuf,"I think this game is fantastic. If you like logic and don't mind using a notebook this is a solid bet. I'd say this surpasses Braid and is in league with Portal as far as the coolness of the puzzles.Exploring the world makes you feel like a scientist. This might ot appeal to everyone, but just like science in real life, basically anything could be hiding secrets. Anything could give you that new bit of information you need to progress. The world feels like a big knot that you pick at little by little until you can finally unravel the whole thing.It isn't perfect--especially if you are sense impaired. I could see how warnings of this front could be considered spoilers though. Some mechanics get a little silly near the end, but the end has some really cool aspects too.If you like art/science, you should probably give this a try."
76561198037409645,Recommended,210970,21419048,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mortality90,"I have been playing this game for a few nights now with my wife. She absolutely loves the game. We saw a youtube video (NerdCubed) playing it and she feel for the game. It is not very challenging but can have its moments where we will both look at a puzzle and wonder about it for a while. Then the stroke of genius happens and we solve it.We thought that we were nearing the ""end game"" but seem to be no where close to it now that we have found rooms and hallways lined with more puzzles that seem to have no point but might. We have used online guides for a few (less than 10) hints on solving puzzles but mostly for where things are located to learn about HOW to solve the puzzle series.Overall, the game is gorgeous. The graphics, while not intense or crazy, just look natural and comfortable. The colors are vibrant. The audio is also very well done. If you walk around or out of a room that has sound in it, the sound changes and keeps with the walking out of the room.Now I will recommend this game to just about anyone, but would still limit that same recommendation. If you don't enjoy solving puzzles, some simple and some not so simple; then look to another puzzle game. We have done so many puzzles in this game, that we thought we are almost done, but we aren't. From reading the other reviews, we may be about half way done. So if you don't like solving many puzzles, and doing it many repeated times, this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,210970,29571112,Posted: 29 January,all,Dancewraith,"I'm going to be very plain and clear when I say this.If you do not like exploration or thinking about stuff, don't even bother with this.A lot of negative reviews that I've seen point to the fact that it 'lacks direction'. That is the very reason I love it. There is absolutely NO hand holding in this game. I also refuse to say much about the puzzles themselves as the sense of discovery you experience through your playthrough is part of what makes this game amazing.This game has a very unique art style and there is more to the world that initially meets the eye.Would highly recommend if you enjoy puzzle/exploration games."
76561197993865663,Recommended,210970,29734301,Posted: 5 February,all,Jamanious,"Such an amazing game. The visuals are amazing but for me what stood out the most was the attention to each tutorial. When appropriate the game would kick you back saying ""hey, you haven't learned this properly yet. you need to understamd what this mechanic is all about go look at what you've learned so far and come back"". I would be interested to go back a second dtime and see if I missed something (which knowing this game I most definatly have)."
,Recommended,210970,21147511,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bonsewswesa,"Great big puzzle game and I'm going to call it right now, one of the best games of 2016. If you liked Fract OSC then you'll love The Witness.You only interact with the world through line puzzles but they introduce new rulesets and mechanics at a pretty rapid pace to keep you on your toes. There are tutorial areas spread over the island and hidden things to find everywhere, and something I really like is that everything that happens to/on the island is directly caused by you. In a way, it can be described as a ""Metroidvania"" where instead of requiring items to get through an area, it requires knowledge of a certain mechanic. The progression is nice and open-ended, the difficulty curve is 95% perfect and every bit of dialogue in the game is optional (thankfully). In fact, there's no music either, just ambient sound and the sounds your puzzle-solving create, making it very relaxing to play.You can get to the ""ending"" roughly halfway through finishing the main areas but beating all of them without doing any exploring will take at the minimum 10 hours, and that's if you're a puzzle whiz. There's more than enough content to justify the price here.On the other (much smaller) hand, the (optional) audio logs you'll come across are often the exact kind of pseudo-philosophy that plagues many other modern puzzle games (several of them from a religious perspective, which is funny considering how intelligent they want these audio logs to sound). It's great that they're optional though, because maybe - just maybe - someone looking for a nice brain teaser isn't going to conflate line puzzles with the meaning of life and the universe.Overall, if anything about this game sounds interesting to you then get it. They have a DRM-Free version on the Humble Store too!"
76561197968176549,Recommended,210970,21368443,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[Blue's]Lagged_Newbie,"The Witness is one of the most frustrating, annoying, and limiting games I have ever played.The Witness is one of the most creative, deep, fun, and amazing games I have ever played.If you like puzzle games at all, buy  this.  If you need to learn humility, buy this.  If you want to see the mad work of a genius, buy this.  This game is nothing but line puzzles, but few games have the depth, planning, and creativity expressed in The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,29569223,Posted: 29 January,all,Adam X,"It's easy to get lost in The Witness -- not on the island itself, mind you, which as labyrinths are judged is remarkably open about its design, but in the deeper significance of the things you find, and find yourself doing. It reminds me strongly of the first Dark Souls game in the way it uses the world itself to tell its story. The journey itself is highly recommended."
76561198068829646,Recommended,210970,21145914,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,uxdesignbook,"Really enjoyable game: some puzzles that seem impossible when you put them down and then entirely tractable when you pick them back up, which makes for a satisfying experience. Scenery beautiful. Now, what about story? In storytelling, the most fundamental story is ""I don't know what will happen next"". And that's the only level of story that The Witness has, so if you're looking for a less primordial level of story than that, then The Witness will disappoint. The only thing that ""happens next"" is more puzzles, and then finally an almost entirely pointless video. If Blow had taken a little more time to develop this game (although the mind boggles at whether that's even possible) then he could have worked in an actual story (maybe about ecological preservation, or clues being left to some valuable McGuffin) that would have boosted the value of this game by an order of magnitude. But he didn't."
,Recommended,210970,29219266,Posted: 13 January,all,H.264 Codec,Игра для аутистов.
,Recommended,210970,29100061,Posted: 7 January,all,SolarFlar3,Every aspect of the game is very well constructed and it constantly makes you feel smart. My favorite puzzle game of all time.
,Recommended,210970,34888758,Posted: 11 September,all,Dmitry,This is an amazing puzzle game. The puzzles are challenging and you must be observant to solve them.Every place in the game is beautiful and there are so much stuff to explore.
,Recommended,210970,29514326,Posted: 26 January,all,devour me,"The Witness is a game about mazes. Your sole interaction with the world is to pick a point and draw a line.The Witness is also a game built to intricate detail, subtly teaching your rules of the world without ever saying a word. It's a game about perspective and observance, letting you discover solutions on your own through small iterations and practice.If I could, I would wipe the 30+ hours I spent on the island from my mind and burn the pages of my notebook devoted to chronicling my discovery of every puzzle's system and process, just so I could do it all over again."
76561197980886586,Recommended,210970,30067577,Posted: 20 February,all,krunsH,"It is not the most fun game i have ever played, but it might be the best game i have ever played. I'm still not sure about that.. all i can say is, that I'm in awe"
76561198054981227,Recommended,210970,29753080,Posted: 6 February,all,Glitterous,"This game blew my mind more than any game ever has. It's absolutely ingenius, and will make you feel brilliant for figuring out its puzzles. Definitely not for someone who wants fast-paced action, or people who get frustrated easily. Amazing environment design. The gorgeous atmosphere is as zen as they come, and it is the perfect world to escape to if you're feeling stressed. 10/10"
76561198091074731,Recommended,210970,34765649,Posted: 5 September,all,V,"Beautiful and relaxing puzzle game, intricate and unique puzzle types and designs, although I found myself sometimes feeling lost, not able to find the ""beginner"" area for a certain puzzle where you learn it and unable to progress through other areas because of that"
,Recommended,210970,34264690,Posted: 15 August,all,Harrie,"This is an excellent piece of laborous game design. Out of the box thinking will give you epiphany after epiphany and make you feel really clever. I love the freedom and different types of puzzles and all the layers Blow put in this game. Piece of Art, if you ask me."
,Recommended,210970,34260910,Posted: 15 August,all,Abysswalker,"I enjoyed this game a lot. There were some puzzles that were more frustrating than others, but overall it was a good game. The exploration and world design is masterful."
76561198065049152,Recommended,210970,34261494,Posted: 15 August,all,Moneo,"This is one of the best games I've played of all time. Very fond memories of this one. If you enjoy Talos Principle, Portal 2, this is easily on the same level."
,Recommended,210970,34331815,Posted: 18 August,all,Maycne Sonahoz,"From one point to another.From this simple base, you get to activate mechanisms, find and solve many puzzles, in various ways, towards the conclusion, or towards a challenge. You also get to find the many, many puzzles hidden within the nature of this beautiful island.Not much of a plot, but more around philosophy.PS: People with color blindness, photosensitive epilepsy, or hearing impairment might have trouble with some puzzles."
76561197996719954,Recommended,210970,28778589,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,danmaku,"If you take it at face value and don't think about it much, it's a nice and pretty puzzle game with an immersive and relaxing atmosphere. People looking for a Myst/Riven successor will be disappointed by this game. Wait for a sale.It's essentially a series of logic puzzles with a lot of fancy window dressing. There's no real narrative here to be engrossed by - you can find obscure and famous quotes dictated by voice actors that generally amount to musings on intellegience and discovery, accompanied by these colorful puzzles. It's both slightly charming and terribly pretentious, given the rather grandiose nature of the quotes submitted.It's also a game that really burns you out if you play for extended periods of time. This isn't something to be marathoned since solving the same types of puzzles with general increases in complexity gets rather monotonous despite the backdrop - the novelty wears off.  Some puzzles aren't very well designed, requiring the player to wait for long amounts of time which is rather frustrating but they are few in number.It's a good game to play casually. Wait for a sale and get it cheap."
,Recommended,210970,28745267,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Beanchilla,"Even if I'm never able to beat this game, I'll always remember it as one of the neatest game concepts out there. When my father showed me it I thought ""maze puzzles... that'll have to get boring."" I was wrong though.The sense of exploration the game induces and the number of eureka moments I've gotten with each puzzle solved has really made it one of my favorite games. Everything from the simple gameplay to the gorgeous island you get to explore is just pure fun.The only con I can think of is certain puzzles, if failed, make you go back and reenter the solution to the previous puzzle. The solution is displayed but it can still be a bit obnoxious. That said, it only happens with certain sets of puzzles and it wastes only mere moments.If you like puzzle games, pick this up."
,Recommended,210970,26670535,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,anna,my dad really liked it - would gift it to him again
,Recommended,210970,34443732,Posted: 23 August,all,sigma144,"Let me just say that this was one of the hardest puzzle games I have ever played. If you are a puzzle masochist like me then this is the game for you!For a game entirely about drawing paths on a screen, there is a surprising amount of depth to the puzzles in The Witness. There are 12 or so different main areas each with their own mechanic and solving each area will require both logical and ""outside the box"" thinking. The game is open world, so if you need a break from a certain puzzle, you can always go exploring around the island and see what you can find. The game is pricey and lacks any kind of story, but with 400+ puzzles to solve and many secrets to find, you will get a good amount of gameplay out of it. I got this game on sale with the Witness+Braid bundle (think I paid around $20 for both games) and in my opinion it was well worth the money.Just a heads-up for future players: At the end of the game it may look like your progress resets, however just click ""Load Game"" and you will be put right back where you were if you decide you want to go for 100% completion."
,Recommended,210970,34498555,Posted: 26 August,all,Jeffehhhhh,"From what I've played so far, this game is by far the best game I've ever played.If you like puzzles or logic problems, do not read anything more about this game before playing it. The game is structured so that you should figure out everything on your own, without any prior knowledge of it's intricacies.I also recommend playing it with a boyfriend/girlfriend/spouse if possible. The experience of figuring out things together and having to verbalize problems and solutions to communicate with a partner adds an extra layer to the game."
76561198049834435,Recommended,210970,34506069,Posted: 26 August,all,Askjeggedal,"One of the most clever games I have played. Riddles make sense and game was bug free. I completed with only using walkthtough 4-5 times. Can cooperate with a friend via steam broadcasting. A really good experience if you play the game without knowing much about it when you start.There is no text or anything that will help you get going. You learn as you go, which make the game experience so  unique."
76561198138501159,Recommended,210970,34493050,Posted: 25 August,all,JACKIE FUCKING VINCENT,this game is absolutely stunning the graphics are beautiful the atmosphere is amazing the puzzles are very unique and creatrive and will keep your head itching for the answer. even when you think you have done everything there is still probably another puzzle out there you just havent seen. the ending dpending on which one you get is actually very deep. like most puzzle games there isnt much replayability but with the witness there are so many puzzles that it will be easier to find the answer again but it wont quickly snap to you. what i love most about this game is that you learn the rules yourself. there is a bit of a tutorial but from there it just gives you hints about how to solve different kinds of problems. from the beggining to the end the puzzles will never get repetative. they always find a new way to blow your mind and bring you something new. some people say its not a must play but for anyone who wants a good puzzle pick this up now and you won't regret it. 10/10
76561198190553077,Recommended,210970,31933274,Posted: 24 May,all,Bifrost,"100% Pure Puzzle game goodness, not only a interesting puzzle game with no hand holding, but it also have that little extra flavour with the mind bending revelation in the ""story"", elevating this game to the cream of the crop of modern puzzle games.9/10"
,Recommended,210970,20863279,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,potato namrog84,"I've unlocked all the lasers and seen the ending, but am still playing to get more puzzles solved and still more to discover.  20 hours in so far in last 4 days.  Excellent game!   Don't jump right to looking up spoilers/solutions if you are stuck.  Take notes! take a break! try other puzzles! Many times there are easier areas that better prepare/teach you, when you come back youll see its easier later on.   Though I will admit I looked up solutions for some of the sound based ones because I lack the skill needed to solve it.  Though you can still beat the game without having to solve sounds ones."
76561198028014857,Recommended,210970,21089469,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Team_Spahr,"I played through the whole game, I loved it, Its beautiful, its mysterious, its fresh, its a lot of great things, and I would recommend it to anyone who was considering the game in the first place. If puzzles arent your thing, this game wont be. Its a puzzle game where the puzzle is as much of the problem as the solution itself. Its very creative and rewarding.But there is something that doesnt sit well. The open world aspect, the lack of any narritive is cool, but also feels reduntant. The progression, the world, the exploration didnt really serve any real purpose. While the environment was beautiful, and did play a role in lots of the puzzles, it did feel like it was just a sudoku book of puzzles with the puzzles having been scattered around a world arbitrarily. The 'island' didnt really serve any purpose other than a backdrop, it could have easily have been a game done like Portal, where you move from room to room solving puzzles. The mysterious tone doesnt really reveal itself(unless it went over my head which it very well could have). A very minor minor thing I didnt like about the game, but I just wanted to point that out."
76561197979753277,Recommended,210970,21379113,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Eldril Sidewinder,"I enjoy design that is unconventional and encourage games to attempt to be innovative.  The Witness succeeds in creating an interesting world that is fun to explore, solve, and learn from."
76561198088022907,Recommended,210970,25454709,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,wtfodie,"The Witness is the best puzzle game I've ever played.  I feel a little bad saying that, because I really loved The Talos Principle, Portal, and Antichamber, but it's true.  I've never played a more interesting, thought-provoking, difficult, rewarding, inspirational, epiphanic puzzle game.  The game taught me as much about myself and how I think as it did about puzzles.  I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,210970,29075704,Posted: 6 January,all,mrshmid,its colorful.  i like colors.
,Recommended,210970,21064283,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,✪ CrazylikE ✪,"I have to say, half of my time in this game was very frustrating, getting stuck on puzzles, but the feeling you get when you finally solve it is the best feeling there is. Totally worth the frustration :) I managed to do the final puzzle too, the challenge at the end, and it was very hard but again, the feeling when you make it is so awesome. Love the art style too, and the exploration. I very much enjoyed this game!Edit: So, I have been watching some people play the game after I ""finished"" it and theres a ton of puzzles that I missed. Mostly ""terrain puzzles"" or w/e you want to call them, puzzles that isnt on monitors and isnt needed to ""finish"" the game, and I would probably have had a lot more played time If I were to go back and get all of those, I also believe that my play time on steam for this game is a lot less than it actually is, at least I feel that I played a lot more than 19 hours."
76561198116683172,Recommended,210970,21061080,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fart King,"I almost didn't buy this because the price seemed kinda high. But I'm so glad I did - this is the most fun I've had with a game in a very long time. The puzzles are really satisfying to solve, and the game world is a lot of fun to wander around. It's been a very long time since I've had to get a pen and some paper to play a videogame, and if you're also the kind of person who enjoys having to take notes and really figure things out, this is the game for you.I've seen people comparing this to Talos Principle a lot, and they do have some similarities. Both games have really atmospheric settings, and vague but interesting stories. I've enjoyed The Witness a lot more, though, because the puzzle design is more about creative thinking and learning to understand the game's visual grammar. In Talos, I often felt like I understood what was going on, but ended up getting frustrated by the puzzles requiring finicky movements and precise timing. With The Witness, the puzzles never required twitch reflexes, and you can't ever die or get impossibly stuck in the puzzles. The Witness is definitely a slower game, but I personally think it's better for it."
,Recommended,210970,20949722,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Method Van,"This game is so good. That I sometimes play it instead of Rocket League. I bought a lot of games in the recent months (sice RL released) and I don't usually want to actually play them, I want to play more Rocket League.But The Witness actually manages to push through that, so it must be very good.Although no aerials here. :/"
,Recommended,210970,20931320,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SikNastiWitIt,Beautiful game.  The challenge can be very brutal but it's also very rewarding.  When you get stuck you can just explore and find something new.  Also I suggest not looking anything up to get the most out of this game.
76561197984029286,Recommended,210970,20935019,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,tyriaan,"If you've played Braid or Talos Principle, you know that agonzing frustration of not being able to figure out a puzzle, sometimes for days? Then you know that euphoria you get when you finally figure it out (without cheating)?Multiple both of those feelings by 100 and you have Witness."
,Recommended,210970,29528867,Posted: 27 January,all,Pundemic,This game is a smart♥♥♥♥♥ mostly to its benefit. MOSTLY.
,Recommended,210970,29525862,Posted: 27 January,all,FraaOrolo,"My brother was incredibly excited to play this game when it released and I watched him get practically consumed by the game.  I saw a lot of the game and really wanted to play it but I resolved to wait until I perhaps had forgotten some of the things I'd seen him do.  Now, almost a year later I've finally started playing the game and I love it.  The subtle hints, the simplest looking puzzles that become so complex, the moment when you finally look at the puzzle just right and discover the answer.  It's all fantastic and it's wrapped up in a beautiful world.  Every single detail seems to have thought to it.  Sure the game can be a little bit puzzling at times but isn't that the point?"
,Recommended,210970,20903251,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Grandviewsurfer,"This is going to be short and sweet, since there is already a plethora of fantastic examples of why this game is amazing.First and foremost, if you do not like it when your brain does what it has evolved to do, you aren't going to enjoy this.  Some of us like to learn to understand and solve cleverly designed environments.  When this occurs in a gorgeous landscape, all the better.  Once I squeeze every drop of mystery out of this game, it will be a sad day. There probably won't be a sufficient remedy for the gaping void that will then plague me... at least not for another 7 years or so.  Till then, I will continue taking my fill of accomplishment on a daily basis, no matter what everyone with under 10 hrs logged are saying.Next, in my opinion, the developer should be evaluated based solely on his/her creation.  We should discontinue whinning when our threads make the ""dumb internet comments."" Jon set out to create the game of his dreams, not to babysit the internet. Does he sometimes come off as... what's the word everyone's throwing around... ""pretentious""? Yes, but probably mostly to people that don't understand what that word actually means. Everything Blow has claimed about the game has come true for me, and more. In any case, our discussion of a game developer shouldn't stray too far from the games they develop.Finally, take these reviews with a grain of salt. Understanding the game for yourself is the only way to measure its true value to you. Personally, it has already far surpassed the $40 mark, and am fairly confident I am nowhere near proficiency. Combine that with the fact that Jon blew through $6 Million and 7 years of his life, and our complaints about an ""overpriced indie title"" start to seem less rational.Now, descend upon me, trolls."
76561198205865084,Recommended,210970,20904038,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,3722nd,"Just finished this game and I find it hard to decide whether to recommend this game or not. The idea is 10/10 but the actual game is quite terrible.The summary that they provided was untruthful. The summary states that you lost your memory and you slowly recover it as you solve puzzles and at the end you escape the island. There is 0 plot and there is no mention of memory at all. There is no reason you are on this island and you never escape the island at all. The audio logs and videos scattered throughout the island are completely irrelevant to the game and provide no plot.The vast majority of the puzzles were very well done. There is plenty of puzzles on the island to keep you busy. But not all the puzzles were created well. There are no hints or instructions, which means you have to figure everything out yourself. While some of these can be figured out through logic, there are a lot which require trial and error. This can become quite a big waste of time.There is little to break the tedium. There is very little to look forward to after solving a batch of puzzles. There is no music. Moving around is slow. You never get faster transport such as a bike or something. The game ending ""cutscene"" was so dissapointing and anti-climatic. There are no achievements to hunt for.All in all, the game is still worth its price and thus I am recommending it. But I feel like unless you are the type of person that loves puzzle games, you will not enjoy it."
,Recommended,210970,21081108,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ABAKES7,"If you enjoy puzzles, this is the game for you. If you don't, I would still recommend you try it, as the environment and the puzzles have been merged seamlessly into a fantastic experience. If you do go in, go in as blind as you can, as seeing the solutions will only take away from the discovery.Only real downside is that now I can never play Mini Metro because circles with lines coming out of them have driven me completely insane.100/10."
,Recommended,210970,21100308,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,mikechiudioni,"The Witness is a peculiar game. While I love puzzles and logic-oriented games, I have never felt such a compulsion to consistently play a game to completion as this one.What I love is that the game is constantly building on mechanics and rule sets within the game's foundation. While puzzles can be labeled by ""themes"", those themes cross paths in many, many ways. No puzzle ever feels rehashed, and when you feel taxed in an area, you can just go somewhere else.The game, the island, and the puzzles themselves all offer their own secrets, begging for a quiet mind to sift through, examine, and experience.I finished the standard playthought at 50 hours.  I also played at a leisurely pace, often explaining the game, concepts and puzzles to my girlfriend.Highest recommendation. Play this game, and understand that the less you seek outward for the answers, the more fulfilling the experience is."
76561197997078944,Recommended,210970,21105259,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,aGGrEssiVe,"Most mentally tiring game i have ever played.. this game is not exactly ""fun"" yet i would not quit until i finished it! Some pretty inovative puzzles and requiring heavy mental activity. Its disapointing though that most of its puzzles could literaly be written down on a piece of papper and solved in some sort of puzzle magazine.. Although the good ones used some very out of the box thinking that i enjoy.. (for refference my favorite puzzle game is antichamber). Overall i would recccomend this game, it has great esthetics and visuals, plays well and is challenging. Cant wait for the next work of the developers!"
76561198010325550,Recommended,210970,21133966,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,skico,"If you come into this expecting an all around great game, you might be disappointed. But if you come expecting unique experience rarely seen in games, this might your game. The Witness is a game where the journey is it's own reward, and that journey is puzzles. Puzzles in this game are designed masterfully and even person like me who isn't generally much into puzzle games manage to get tons of fun from just solving the puzzles and looking for clues. I would recommend you to try it, and if you won't like it your first two hours in, don't be afraid to return it, it won't get any different."
,Recommended,210970,21212303,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Little Green Ghouls,"The Witness provides the joy of discovery, exploration, and solving puzzles in a way that abstains from the trends of modern game design. It is less like a filed-down meticulously crafted experience and more like a beautiful expanse in which many truly beautiful experiences are possible, and in that way it is less like a ""game"" and more like a world. It conveys very profound messages, never explicitly, but it leads you to moments of introspection and thought, extremely open to interpretation and personalization, and yields many individual variations of self discovery, just as experiences in real life would. It toys with many strong concepts, and often the messages are typically supplied internally as a reaction to those concepts (the most effective way of truly resonating and teaching). I think this game will most appeal to those who find themselves living their lives in the pursuit of truth of any kind. If you want a familiar comparison, it is like Myst, but done properly, and a million times more captivating and powerful.The main rewards in the Witness are knowledge and understanding. In the tradition of Jonathon Blow's games, you have the ability to choose which puzzles you want to solve first, and you may often find yourself leaving a string of puzzles to try a new set, and finding that new set providing you with a key understanding that will help you complete the old set. Sometimes you will turn to life and introspection to solve these puzzles, and draw on your own talents and personal backgrounds, many times I found myself taking pictures of the puzzles and scrawling out symbols in my sketchbook, as if I was some kind of archaeologist. A lot of the puzzles are as ruthless and uncatering as a real life puzzle or problem would be, which makes them incredibly more satisfying when they are solved, because there was no assurance that you would complete them. This helped to make the game feel like a grand mystery, or an ancient artifact that I was dusting away and piecing together. This strongpoint would not have worked if it were not for the non-linear, open, choice-driven atmosphere that is presented, as many of the puzzles, will no doubt, drive you mad. But I sincerely discourage anyone from looking up the solutions or seeking help, even if you feel they seem impossible, there isn't nearly a speck as much joy of reaping the rewards of the puzzle, than discovering within yourself the ability to solve them. In fact, until completion, I refrained from looking up anything about the game until I completed it, because I didn't even want to know that anyone else had solved the puzzles before me.The only major complaint was the weak ending, as all the mystery the game built up, led me to so many imaginative ideas of what it was all leading up to, what was possible, and what grand truth could be revealed, and unfortunately, the game didn't live up to what those mysteries led my imagination to produce. Nevertheless the experience was unforgettable, and this was a true work of art, visually as well."
,Recommended,210970,22898906,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,A$AP Newell,"This is a deceiving game. The art style and initial puzzles lead you to believe it will be a casual puzzler emphasizing on the experience and/or story. However, it becomes a very hard puzzle game and the story never really seems to pan out. Overall it is easily one of the prettiest games I have EVER played, but don't go into it expecting a casual experience."
76561197994159662,Not Recommended,210970,29669338,Posted: 3 February,all,Vordaq,"I'll start off by saying that, overall, I personally enjoyed this game. The puzzles are all the same idea, draw a line incorporating various elements that the game teaches you naturally over time. The game doesn't need to stop and explain, but shows you how each new element works gradually, as most areas tend to revolve around a new concept. A lot of puzzles incorporate the scenery as well, which itself has puzzles hidden within it.Just bear in mind that that's the game. Line puzzles. If you aren't absolutely crazy about the idea of constant line puzzles, then don't even bother reading further. This is not the game for you.Now I have 2 main problems with this game.First, I'll be blunt, the game is pretentious. There are audio logs of prolific quotes scattered about, they mean nothing. There are perspective tricks hidden in the scenery, these are neat, but mean nothing. The game tries to be deep, but it isn't. There's a wiki cataloguing all the unexplained things in this game. The thing is, they're unexplained because it's pure nonsense. Admitadly, this isn't a huge problem, it's all quite the spectacle to behold really. I just don't think the game should get away with so much... malarky.Now for the real issue at hand, one of the most egregious offenses of any game, it's designed to waste your time! You spend a lot of time wandering aimlessly trying to find the next set of puzzles so you can learn how to interact with their elements, and this only gets worse the further along you are. Worst of all there are puzzles that force you to go out of your way. For example, during a sequence of puzzles the floor opens up and becomes a wall. The puzzles you have to solve are now on the other side of this new wall which is now blocking the path permanently. You have to leave and go around the entire area to continue solving these puzzles! Furthermore there are puzzles that make things articially difficult, especially later on. Obscuring your vision, forcing you to go back and forth, basically not things that make the puzzles themselves harder, just waste more of your time.Ultimately, I wouldn't even recommend it to puzzle enthusiasts at the rediculous asking price of $40. If you are into puzzles, and like to admire the scenery, you might find value in this at half off. I barely did."
,Recommended,210970,20821163,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Smexy Beef Curtains,"> Get an A on college exam> imsmart.jpg> go home and play some videogames to relax/reward yourself> play this game for 20min> maybeimactuallydumb.png> drop out of college> parents disown me> girlfriend leaves me> find a nice, roomy box to live in under the freeway> make some new friends> tell them my story, we all share a good laugh10/10 would become homeless again"
,Recommended,210970,32245758,Posted: 7 June,all,bLiND,Easily one of my most favorite games - no doubt this will be an evergreen.
76561197967441919,Recommended,210970,21022414,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ajax,"The Witness is a work of true genius, and there's really nothing else like it. At first it appears to be nothing but a series of maze puzzles, although they are ingeniously constructed. As you progress through the game you discover that the entire island and virtually every part of the environment is part of a grand, interconnected meta-puzzle. Not a single rock, tree or building is placed without purpose. It's a mind-blowing piece of game design. If you enjoy difficult (but always fair) puzzles, I cannot recommend this highly enough."
,Recommended,210970,29124887,Posted: 8 January,all,BusinessDan,An incredibly immersive and intriguing puzzler that is much more than just line mazes.Problem solving your way around the island and getting your head around the plethora of puzzles is a great challenge but the real highlight of this game is the beauty and meticulous attention to detail found in the game's design. The fluctuation of frustration and satisfaction felt when completing maze after maze is made a thoughrably enjoyable experience when surrounded by stunning and elegant landscapes all with their own secrets to behold.
,Recommended,210970,24267431,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yuma Kuga,"Unparalleled puzzle game with gorgeous graphics and plenty of things to do. Expect to sink over 12 hours just to finish the 'main' storyline. Possibly one of the best puzzle games I've played, and I wouldn't say I got close to finishing it. The Witness managed to turn progression into an artform."
76561198067081169,Not Recommended,210970,34470118,Posted: 24 August,all,I_Bench_Cows,"TLDR: The Witness looks extremely pretty, but other than that it is too many repetitive puzzles.The Witness made me realise just how important narrative and lore is in games.The art in the Witness is unbelievably pretty, and I did have some fun for the first four - five hours of the game. After that the puzzles got really repetitive. It sounds odd to say a puzzle game has too many puzzles, but I think it is apt. There was just puzzles, and more puzzles and puzzles. Nothing to make me care about the world, to drive me to want to solve the puzzles.I think what saddened me the most about The Witness is that I think it tried to be deep. (As back up, this is shown at ending)A video of the dev for about 5 minutes doing random stuff to try and give a Matrix feel to the game or something. In reality the game was shallow. The obscure audio logs were just that, obscure. Exploration was rewarded by a puzzle generally. Completing that puzzle usually did something, but it was never at all clear what.Anyway I am rambling, but what I really wanted from The Witness was an experience like Myst. The Witness is vastly different from Myst, and not in a good way."
,Recommended,210970,26801217,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,threedotonefour,Fantastic puzzle game - one of the best games of 2016
,Recommended,210970,20884594,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PoisonMaster,If you like puzzles - buy it - it's not just a game it's MASTERPIECE.Design 100/10Sound design 100/10Puzzles 100/10Audio/Video logs 100/10+several endings (4 false ones and one true)One of the best games of the century.
,Recommended,210970,20942320,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bob Lo,"Quite possibly the most challenging game I have ever played, but in a good way. Nothing seems to be cheap or unfair, it is all based on your intellect. I have finished the game in around 20 hours, and there is still a lot I feel I need to do. There are lingering mysteries that I need to find, but I will give my review of just the parts I have played.I did my best to go into this game completely blind, and I did a pretty good job of avoiding any sort of spoilers/ solutions. As I said earlier, this game is very challenging, so it may be tempting to look up solutions, but I would encourage you not to, as the struggle of completing a very challenging puzzle along with the feeling of completing it is priceless. In my playthrough, very few of the puzzles seemed ""unfair"", or seemed like something I couldn't complete. They are challenging, but not impossible.The atmosphere of this game is incredible, everything very carefully crafted, and lots of secrets to be found, even in the enviroment itself! The graphics are very beautiful, and all around the presentation is great.One thing though, this game is very mentally exhausting. It gave me a few big headaches, and I had to take a break.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes any sort of puzzle game. Although 40$ is a high pricetag, it is worth every penny. It may seem like a very simple game where you just run around solving snake puzzles, but these puzzles are more a translation of your enviroment than anything like sodoku or kenken. For anyone who likes riddles, puzzles, or an intellectual challenge, give this game a go."
76561197971373355,Recommended,210970,20813152,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,kNIGHT,380+11 puzzles in after 20 hrs and no where near done? WITNESS ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No wait... I will relax in the pleasing zen of dat puzzle completion sound.... mmmm...... must solve next puzzle. Must do as I'm told.
,Recommended,210970,20876968,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Userbla,"Firstly, you cannot trust reviews from all these people that have only played a handful of hours.I don't really write reviews, but I feel compelled to in this case: I consider The Witness a masterpiece. I've just finished the main game and look forward to 100%'ing it.I've been constantly exclaiming out loud ""how the hell did he [Jonathan Blow] come up with this?"" The puzzle design blows me away: the interaction of the puzzle pieces with other pieces, the interaction with the environment, the sheer depth and variety built on top of the same simple concept... and just the way you progress in learning the rules of the panels. You are forced to question everything you see in order to understand how to move forward. Quite a few times I was stuck for a while before taking a step back and asking myself ""what is the nature of the puzzle, how has it been progressing thus far, and what can I see around me?"" A breakthrough would then come.Playing The Witness is incredibly fun and satisfying: I have a notepad full of sketches and tetris pieces, and even with the main game completed there are a huge amount of puzzles left to discover and solve.Yes, it can be challenging, and some people will give up in frustration. But if you believe in yourself, ask the right questions, and trust that the game isn't out to screw you over, you will have an amazing experience."
,Recommended,210970,20883778,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dorkmaster Flek,"While the basic mechanics of the game are the same for all the puzzles, they get serious milleage out of the maze concept.  The puzzles are very well designed, and while it's a bit confusing wandering around at first, once you locate the tutorial areas the game does a great job of teaching you each puzzle element without any text whatsoever.  The rush of finally figuring out a difficult puzzle is like a nerd high.If you like puzzles and especially exploration based games such as Myst or Riven (which this is heavily influenced by), definitely give this a try.  It should go without saying that if you hate puzzles and/or wandering around feeling like an idiot as part of the gameplay experience, this game isn't for you."
76561198040654274,Recommended,210970,20893698,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Alex_Aitman,"Intending no hyperbole, I can comfortably assert that, as a fan of adventure/puzzle games, this is the greatest game that I have ever played.  If you have ever thought back to your time with Riven and wondered why, in the many years since, there has never been another attempt at matching the scope and detail of such a fully realized place full of mysteries that respect your intellect and attentiveness, this game is for you.  If you have never played a videogame in your life, but you endeavour to search search for great truth and understanding, within and without, then this game is for you.Some will undoutably accuse it of being boring or pretentious.  This is not a game for the young at mind.  This game is art not because it is pretty (which it is), but rather because it isamnitious, meaningful and honest.Do not spoil any of it  for yourself if you can at all avoid it.  Go into it knowing nothing, and leave knowing that you know nothing but that you are Knowing.Thank you, Mr. Blow and the fine folks at Thekla Inc.  Just please don't keep us waiting seven years for whatever comes next :)"
,Recommended,210970,20901106,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,mullet2000,"I didn't know what to expect from The Witness but I ended up loving it. One of the best puzzle games out there, with one of the most interesting learning curves I've ever seen in a game. Just be prepared to never look at circles and lines the same way again."
76561198094830364,Recommended,210970,20944114,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,the man who controls the cubes,"EDIT: It's currently 5 am several months after I wrote this review. I've yet to finish the game, and am about to lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is very hard.send helpI feel as if everybody may have a different experience with The Witness. My friend and I booted it up after I installed it, and solved puzzles for 12 hours straight. That said, however, a pair of guys with different mindsets to us may have found that boring and monotonous, which is completely understandable given the mechanics of this game, which are, in laymans terms, complex and specific mazes.That said, I'd like to finish this review with a word of warning: This game is super hard, and if you won't find as much satisfaction simply by SOLVING it's many puzzles as you would discovering both how to complete said puzzles, as well as learning more about the world around you.I love it, but that being said it is not for everybody, and I'd take that into account before buying it."
,Recommended,210970,21037841,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Anargo,"This game is a mind-f'ing, mind-blowing, awesomesauce headache generating exploration puzzle adventure. At first it comes off as just an aesthetically pleasing isle, but then you realise there are secrets everywhere. Everything has meaning. There is no place in the game that is without purpose. It is incredibly deep and very entertaining."
,Recommended,210970,21162109,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,corndunks,"As relaxing as it can be frustrating, The Witness is an entirely original experience that is much greater than the sum of its parts. A wonder that a game with absolutely minimal interactivity and hand-holding can be such a tightly designed experience that is so effective at introducing and teaching new rules at every turn. Essentially a metroidvania where your knowledge (or lack-of) is the tool holding you back. A mysterious and gorgeous world that is a true joy to explore, discover, get frustrated at, walk away, return, try again, realise, learn, and curse self in."
76561198320460742,Not Recommended,210970,31451095,Posted: 29 April,all,bluejay676,"Way too pricey for what is essentially a collection of 2d line puzzles. The graphics are nice, and there are a few moments where the beautiful environment around you is actually integrated into the puzzles, but that doesn't compensate for the fact that you'll spend the vast majority of The Witness staring at flat panels and drawing lines on them. Unless you're a genius, you'll most likely find this game tedious, frustrating, and more boring than watching paint dry."
,Recommended,210970,24230411,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,bullex,"You wake up on a deserted island trying to find out what's going on, and you do that by solving puzzles that are somehow mysteriously scattered around said island. What's interesting is the fact that there's one 'type' of puzzle really (solving the maze), but there are tons of variants of this thing, using enviroment patterns as a clue in most cases. Gorgeous graphics (I would describe it as 'mad max fury road-ish crazy colorful stylized'), pace depending only on you (there's no 'timer' or anything like that and you're free to explore the entirety of the island right of the bat), mostly visual way of immersing you in the world (only spoken narration that I found were those tapes that you can listen to, found in random places) - all of that creates an unique videogame experience that I felt only few times in my life. And I'm not even close to solving the mystery, I have barely scraped the surface of this game, but I'm definetely going to press onward!That said, I have few problems with The Witness:1) after a certain amount of solved puzzles you hit a brick wall and you don't have a damn clue how to solve a single puzzle that's left. So you just walk around like an idiot desperately trying to activate one of those damn panels, getting pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the situation at hand :)2) invisible walls. They were placed so that you can't 'cheese' the puzzles just by doing some 'platforming'. But it's both blessing and a curse. Sometimes there are situations where you would like to just drop down. Instead, what you're forced to do is to walk around few meaningless enviroment obstacles, following the walkway serpentining around the hill. And while we're at it, I would LOVE to see something like teleports from Enter the Gungeon scattered through the island. They would make the 'walking sections' so much more bearable...3) on the default, recommended graphical settings (so everything on high, vsync on, etc) the framerate varied from meh (about 30 fps) to absolutely inacceptable (1-2 fps in a certain spots on the map!!) And it's not that I have a totally crappy PC. It can easily handle games like CSGO, Dark Souls, GTAs, Bioshock, etc and yet, The Witness makes it hiccup... Setting everything on medium and turning vsync off worked totally fine though.The last question is (putting the 'problems' aside) - is it worth to buy it for 40$? Yes and no. If you are puzzle games fan - absolutely! But if you struggled in games like Portal or Talos Principle (which are much easier, while still being quite challenging), you will get stuck immediately and you will become frustrated, because the game doesn't give you a damn clue about what to do next.So yea, The Witness, unique experience, not for everybody."
,Recommended,210970,24079072,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Verefor,"This game was constantly surprising me with it's clever design, its amazing how it teaches you the mechanics so naturally, with no tutorials but puzzles crafted in a way in which you learn by doing.Every now and then there would be a new twist on a mechanic or a new consequence of solving a puzzle and I was blown away each time.If you have the patience for difficult puzzles, this is a masterpiece I'd recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,210970,21086461,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DAXY,"Great game provided you're into solving lots of puzzles and engaging with the game at an intellectual level, rather than cutting corners to reach some sort of conclusion. Ignore the naysayers, it is well worth its price of admission and does not lack in content whatsoever!"
,Recommended,210970,20951932,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,etodd,"To paraphrase Jonathan in an interview: what happens in this game is not all that special, but what happens in your head while playing it is truly unique and eye-opening."
,Recommended,210970,20925053,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,rlangewi,"Probably the most satisfying puzzle game I have ever played. Beating it without looking up any spoilers or tips is definitely up there with gaming achievements I am most proud of. Beautiful, thought-provoking game."
,Recommended,210970,23089730,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,stupidhaiku,"There are dozens of things to criticize in this game.  None of them change the fact that this is an absolute masterpiece of game design.  Whatever you think a ""videogame"" is or should be -- artform, reductionist mathematics, pure experience, etc. -- this game expands the limits of what the medium can be."
,Recommended,210970,20843030,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Monadologist,The Witness is a tour de force of puzzle design and attention to detail.
,Recommended,210970,21165170,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,dragnerz,"A fantastic game. Beautiful environment, deceptively challenging puzzles and great attention to detail. I've loved every moment I spent on this island.See a full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbG9_X2pFJc"
,Recommended,210970,24176538,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Acromat,"Bought this game day one, and it is one of the greatest games I've ever played, bar none. It's one of those experiences where the more you know going in, the less special it is, so please go in with as much of a blank slate as possible. In a nutshell, you solve LOTS of puzzles, many of which appear very simple at first, but the mechanics throw tons of interesting curveballs. If you dig stuff like Sudoku, then this is your jam. On top of that, the architecture is insanely meticulous. Again, I don't want to spoil anything, but you could spend hours upon hours just observing reflections and how objects in the environment interact with each other. Flawless 10/10."
,Recommended,210970,21601053,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Command [N],"I wish I could forget everything about this game, only to be able to experience it again for the first time. A seminal video game to inspire and be inspired."
,Recommended,210970,30346918,Posted: 5 March,all,pinback,"I ""finished"" the game in 25 hours.  Since then I have put almost twice that amount of time into it, and am still discovering new things every time I fire up the game.  That should give you a sense of the unfathomable depth available to you here.If it was just the panel puzzles, where you dutifully draw lines from the start to the finish in a baffling number of ways, it would still be a great game.If there were no panels at all, it would still be a remarkable achievement.If there were no ""hidden"" things to find, it would still be a top-notch addition to your library.If it was ONLY the ""hidden"" things, it would still rank as one of the great game designs in history.The fact that it is all of these at the same time, set in an entire world built with such pixel-perfect vision that a casual glance in any direction at any time can often bring a surprising epiphany, or unexpected beauty, is beyond any accolade I could write here.And none of these things are even the point of it.  It is, above all things, a meditation training device.  It is a game with a ""sprint"" button that screams at you wordlessly to stop using it.  The message it attempts to convey has the power to transform your life.  A timeless message, expressed yet again, this time wrapped in a wonderfully maddening toy.Plus, it's just a ♥♥♥♥in' blast.I am 45 years old, and have been playing computer games since I was five years old.The Witness is my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,210970,34846474,Posted: 9 September,all,Big Poppa,"Best game I have played.If you are stuck you should go to another area, or try again tomorrow. If you are stuck and about to stop playing the game, ask reddit for spoiler free help (/r/TheWitness)."
,Recommended,210970,20897968,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Decap42,This is a game that asks something of you that almost all other games don't: quiet consideration.This can be frustrating or it can be fulfilling. Or it can be both; it depends on your mindset you are in while you play.I enjoyed this experience immensely.
76561197970928680,Recommended,210970,20898619,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sightfire,"Despite the Myst-like premise and deceptively simple looking line puzzles, this game is simply in a league of its own. Endlessly engaging, brain-shreddingly hard, and absolutely beautiful at every turn. This is a complete game worth the standard price of $60. The fact that it starts out on sale for $40 is just icing on the cake. Don't read any reviews longer than this. Don't read any descriptions of the puzzles or the island. Just buy and play."
,Recommended,210970,21083400,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,creitve,"The Witness is praised for its puzzle design, and it has every right to be in the GOTY list for that alone. However, what is often missing in reviews is that the world you are thrown into is made by very real-world architects. I've played my share of games, but very few of them could deliver goosebumps merely through the composition of space. Quite a visual feast to walk through."
,Recommended,210970,20897092,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gary The Gaming God,"Braid was one of my favourite puzzlers ever, I wasn't expecting much from the Witness but I've really enjoyed this gameGood things:The learning curve. The game doesn't make you sit through endless, tedious tutorials. It throws you straight in at the deep end, lets you work things out for yourself. It's one of the hardest I've played, but it's far from impossible.Aesthetically and atmospherically the game is beautiful, as well as eerie and dark at times. As a result, exploring the open world map is part of the fun. Being stuck in one area is more an opportunity to venture elsewhere than a roadblock.Secrets. Braid had 8hidden stars, The Witness has far more secret areas and easter eggs you can feast on, giving it huge replay value. The hours of gaming you will get from this game are worth the price.Lots of variety. I was worried the maze mechanic would be boring and that the game would just be 600 top-down hedge mazes, but that's not the case at all.Bad:Of the 400 or so puzzles I've beaten so far, I'd say one or two had solutions that I'd deem unfair or inscrutable. Sometimes luck plays a part in solving them. But that's not a particularly damning figure considering you don't need to solve everything to reach the end of the game.No real discernable story, both endings are a tad anticlimactic. That being said, there's so much to discover, and I don't know what happens when you finally solve every single puzzle, or if anyone's even done it yet.The backlash against this game on Steam, Youtube etc from the vocal minority has been considerable and I'm not sure why. If you avoid walkthroughs and spoilers you've got yourself a gripping and ingeniously desgined game that will have you hooked for hours. 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,210970,30678963,Posted: 22 March,all,Unnecessary Dairy Overlap,"dont bother with this claptrap.there are 2 halves to this game, the nice pretty part, and then the entirely separate puzzle half, which is almost always a lame line drawing challenge on a boring square grid. Also, these types of puzzles arent the ones that reward thoughtfulness, but rather, how quickly you can try random permutations until you get the one correct one - that is if you can figure out what it is you're supposed to be doing in the first place. Occasionally you come across clever perspective puzzles, but those are in the minority.as far as the story, there literally is none. spoiler alert. the most you get is psuedo-science mumbo-jumbo philosophical bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is frankly insulting.I gave this game the benefit of the doubt. I thought there MUST be something here somewhere as a payoff for wading through the endless bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ I actiavated all the laser towers, i played through to the credits, and what did i get for it? Disappointment."
,Recommended,210970,21226746,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Hollow,"The Witness:-starts the game,-Solve 10 puzzles,-this is impossible,-quits game.-start the game,-solves 25 puzzles,-this is impossible,-quits again.-starts the game,-solves 20 puzzles,-this is impossible,-quits the game again.Repeate until end game."
76561197971863307,Recommended,210970,21315061,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,andy_t_roo,"lovely scenery, puzzles ranging from ""trivial"" through to ""oh, is that even a puzzle that needs solving"". A set of sandbox puzzles, some of which are optional, and not immidiatly visable. You'll switch between solving puzzles and just exploring and spotting things.Quite a few hours of low pressure fun, with some significant thinking mixed in."
,Recommended,210970,20857467,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Kronark,One of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Even 400+ puzzles in the game is still challenging me with new ideas. This isn't a game that just repeats three mechanics and scales to become more complex. It's a game that continuously throws new mechanics in the mix. It's half solving puzzles and half understanding them.If you enjoyed the myst franchise or the talos principle give this game a shot. There's more than enough content to justify the $40 price tag and I think it's already a strong GotY 2016 candidate.The only things I'd caution:- While the witness brings a bounty of fresh ideas and new focus to the puzzle game genre... It is still a puzzle game. If you hate puzzle games you likely won't enjoy this.- There isn't much of a direct story to be found here. There are audio logs to be found with philosophical quotes that tie in deeply with the theme of the puzzles and gameplay but don't expect a full on adventure title. Any story that is here is extrmely subtle.
76561197984005281,Recommended,210970,20796621,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dminor04,"Incredibly intellegent puzzle game, highly addicting"
,Recommended,210970,21016267,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,A,"If you don't like puzzles, you'll hate The Witness.I love puzzles, and I love The Witness.I love those perfect ""a-ha!"" moments a great puzzle gives you, and that's exactly what The Witness is. That's all it is, in fact. It is those moments of clarity and accomplishment and excitement, over and over and over again.I won't be explicit, but this bliss of discovery and understanding is absolutely not limited to the puzzle panels themselves. That is what makes The Witness so beautifully compelling. The game is so much more than the sum of its parts. It's endlessly surprising.The Witness presents a universe and trusts you to understand it. It offers all the tools you need to test your hypotheses and never changes the rules on you. And once your theories are proven true, it breaks down the walls you never realized were surrounding you and trusts you to understand this new, larger universe, use what you learned to find where the walls are, and break them down yourself.The Witness trusts you and you have to trust it back. If you get stuck or frustrated or feel like something is impossible, you need to be able to step back and trust that the game is being fair to you. Because it is. The new understanding you seek is around you on the island, and the game simply trusts you to seek it out. It's never arrogant, malicious, or esoteric in its design.Again, The Witness is so much more than what it looks like. It isn't just puzzle panel after puzzle panel. But if you don't enjoy the puzzles, you will never enjoy The Witness.If you enjoy learning for learning's sake, if you see being proven wrong as an opportunity, if you love searching, discovering, and understanding, then The Witness is for you."
,Recommended,210970,23897649,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,High IQ Player (167),"This game will bend your perception of the world. It is one of those rare games that define the genre. Everything you need to know to get through this game is always right in front of you, but nothing is ever explained. Every puzzle has rules, rules that you slowly have to figure out. And as you play more, you'll look at things differently. It is amazing how much is hidden on this fantasticly crafted island. True art. Also a timeless game, pick this up at any point in your gaming career. It took me 100 hours to be able to say that I've seen everything."
,Not Recommended,210970,34530200,Posted: 27 August,all,Shinigami,"Fantastic, wonderful, very well made game. I'd go as far as calling it a marvel or a gem or a piece of art. Sadly, same as with art, I can't recommend it to everyone.The graphics are beautiful, the world is very colorful, pleasing to the eye. The puzzles are wonderful - well designed and with a lot of twists. Easy to play but sometimes difficult to solve. Often they require thinking outside of the box. Like, looking at the problem from another angle. Or place.I love the game in general, but I can't recommend it to average player for one reason: at times difficulty simply jumps up without warning. Most puzzles of the game are pretty simple and follow a fixed set of rules, but sometimes the game just throws a weird idea or two at you, or a puzzle has an unsual pattern and you're stumbled for a while. I can't say I'm fond of this thing and wish someone told me before I bought this game.Overall, the good:The game looks great and is fun and puzzling. You'll enjoy it the most when you solve it without a guide.The bad:Unjustified difficulty at certain points. Puzzles designed to be hard to solve instead of hard to understand and guess the rules. No music (practically). No sound (practically). No story. No heroes, characters, anything. Difficulty jumps at random points. One utterly broken puzzle in the jungle area. The Challenge has a time limit (it'd be perfect without one).Overall:Do NOT buy unless you know for sure what you're up for."
76561198036961373,Recommended,210970,20898149,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ransoogard,"Oh... here we go. I wanted to talk in a calculated and measured way but I don't think that's really the way you're going to figure if you'll enjoy the game. Either this will resonate with you or it won't and you'll think I'm full of abject puffery or that I'm deluded in some manner.I have to say, it's weird seeing the utter contrast between people who enjoy the game and people who don't. Either the motif of enlightenment and zen strikes you or it doesn't. Either you enjoy the myriad ways that the game makes path-puzzle solving difficult by using the environment and adding more rules or you find it stupid. Either you love the way the game tries to make you feel connected to something, some secret just beyond your grasp (there goes the motif again)... or you find the whole experience unbearably pretentious.I can't promise you'll like the game (if a deeply puristic exploration 'game' can even be called such). And as a personal plea from an absolute nobody, maybe I can't convince you of it but there IS something here: a surprisingly strongly structured attempt to invoke a longing for a connection to something (knowledge or spirituality or whatever metaphysical concept you hold closest to you). Either you'll find the call to this 'something' deeply self-resonant or you won't and if it's the latter I can see easily how you might not enjoy the game. The whole experience is built around trying to invoke your feeling that 'something' and if it fails then your mileage will vary.For the sake of trying to give SOME sort of guidance, it's close to the Myst series and The Talos Principle thematically (and graphically it's downright GORGEOUS). And like those games either you are good at puzzle solving or you'll need to look up the solutions. Try not to spoil it for yourself though since some of the seemingly toughest puzzles sometimes just require knowledge acquired at a vastly different area of the island. None of the problems are unfair really though pounding away at a puzzle like its a veil you're desperate to see behind is discouraging at times. As an important aside though, sadly, the game WILL give you issues at points if you are colorblind to certain colors or are deaf.Thanks, Thekla in general and Jonathan Blow. I lack the words to properly express. This wasn't a game I was looking forward to heavily and it's completely consuming me. (Hell, Braid only resonated with me minimally.) I'm really going to miss this feeling when the experience is over.In the end, whether something resonated with you in this review or it didn't. And either way I can't promise any correlation with how you'll feel about the game. So what was the point of this? I suppose I just needed to express how this experience has made me feel was all."
,Recommended,210970,20895531,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,FedEXguy,"This game would give Spock a run for his money on following logic.  Everything is solvable with the available clues and logic.  It's just realizing that you do not know all of the rules as well as you think you do that is the key.  Hence, this game is not for everyone.  But that doesn't make it a bad game, unlike some people say.  This game is extremely well put together and the more you invest yourself into it, the more rewarding it becomes."
,Recommended,210970,20800804,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,"Seriously, Fuck You.",You will feel smart. You will also feel dumb.
,Recommended,210970,20774013,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Cripple Creek,I read in one review that the learning curve was excellent. So far I am not disappointed one bit.Several of the puzzles have either really exercised multiple previous puzzles into one magnificent puzzle or made me really aware of my surroundings in the game. To the point now where I was really brave and tried to explore further and got scared of the twisting paths and had to go back to a more sequential order for the time being. The audio bits satiate and at the same time inspire your curiosity. Very well done.
,Recommended,210970,20775077,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,xPaw,A beautiful game with a lot of complexity. Would be recommend playing with friends over voice.
,Recommended,210970,20800046,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Toupee,"HOUR ONE:I must admit the negative reviews on Steam are almost overwhelming. I was really looking forward to this, mostly based on the fact that Jonathan Blow was the mastermind of the project, and it looked really pretty. I'm not really the biggest fan of puzzle games. Portal 1 and 2 are wonderful, I think they're great. Talos Principle? I liked some aspects of it (the atmosphere and the lore) but the gameplay didn't really do it for me. I got some amount of enjoyment from it, but had little motivation to go deep into it. To hear from many that Talos is a better game quickly grew my skepticism of The Witness. Is it really worth $40? Kind of a risky investment considering I put exactly 2 hours into Talos... and I don't really intend to go back.While the similarities to Talos are definitely there, this game also hearkens to what is one of my favorite games of the last few years, Proteus. The lack of music brings my full attention to the environment -- no dramatic emotional cues are provoked, and I like that. I'm kind of left to my own exploratory devices, at my own pace. And what a place to explore. This game is VISUALLY ARRESTING. I don't know how they made colors behave the way they have here. Everything I look at is a dopamine rush. It's just the definition of aesthetically pleasing. I can't quite put my finger on it. It's painterly, and layered: yes, your character is confined to sometimes-limited paths (unlike most FPS situations, if it looks like it would break your ankle, you can't drop down, etc) but the trade-off is gorgeous views, interesting visual terminals, and controlled color palletes. I wish parks were designed this nicely. I wish landscapes for designed so elegantly. It really feels like someone has considered how the game looks from every possible angle. The whole thing is super screenshottable; picturesque. And it is a dream to explore.So then, about those puzzles. They are more ""two dimensional"" and ""contained"" than I expected, I guess, but I think that's okay. Instead of making yourself and your movement an element of the puzzle, like in Talos principle, you literally use a cursor to guide lines through a 2D ""maze."" It's, at first, exactly like the pen and paper maze puzzles that lined children's magazines. And that is actually kind of refreshing to me, to have each puzzle be a clear, self-contained unit. Because it's easy to walk away from them. It's easy because there is so much worth exploring. Since I haven't allowed myself to get to the brink of frustration yet, in the first hour, I've been pleasantly surprised and happy with them. I'd say there's probably much, much building on the basic formula to be had, and I don't doubt I WILL be frustrated.At the end of hour 1, I am pretty easily expecting to blow past hour 2. I can't wait to hop back in. But how long will it hold me? We shall see...DAY TWO:Well... as much as I love the world of this game, I'm not really sure I'm made of the kind of stuff that can make much progress with these puzzles. The exploration is great. The puzzles feel like a lot of trial-and-error to my math-strained brain. Unfortunately, I think I'm going to test out Steam's refund system, because I'm just not sure if it's worth $40 for me right now. I expect to go back in the future, but... not right now."
,Recommended,210970,20816994,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Empireone2,"An incredibly well done game...I've only played a few hours, but I'm already feeling myself sucked in and wanting more.An overview of the game, including my first impressions, can be found in the video linked below.https://youtu.be/b1aaibHGua8"
76561198043022563,Recommended,210970,20774095,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Superpow,"Exploring beautiful scenery and solving puzzles, what more could one ask for?I'm not one for the written word so I will keep this brief: this game is tremendous.I would recommend this to anyone who is intellectually curious."
76561197966039024,Recommended,210970,20776709,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Trubadidudei,"This game trains you to look, and I mean really *look*, at the world around you. Few things are random in this game, and as it goes on I'm feeling increasingly like a conspiracy nut as I'm constantly looking for patterns in the world around me.The feeling of coming across a panel with no clear solution, investigating the world around you, and then trying out some far-fetched theory only to unexpectedly find that it works, is truly amazing.Enjoying it immensely so far, but it requires an hour or so to start to understand why it is so good. If you don't look past the beginning, it just seems like a pretty lame puzzle game. Might be a hard sell for some people."
,Recommended,210970,20802093,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dom,"Mazes the game.It's fun to run around, look at♥♥♥♥♥♥and solve the boatload of maze puzzles but some of the processes you need to do to find the solutions for the puzzles are so farfetched, I'm not sure if I should be impressed or annoyed. The game draws a fine line between ""OHHHHHH I GET IT"" and ""OHHHH why?"" but I think that's part of the fun. At $40, it's a bit steep but if you can afford it, go for it."
,Recommended,210970,20809630,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Shpishay,An amazingly rewarding and visually striking puzzle game!
,Recommended,210970,21355477,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,shuckedupfit,"Fun game. I like that it gives nothing to you. Your job is not so much to force your rules onto the game, but to discover what's is presented to you. Challenging, yes. I went online for a couple solutions. I found the color stuff way too difficult, Maybe I couldn't stretch that way. Maybe my eyes strained to much. Maybe I just needed to give up. Clever none-none-less. I love this game."
,Recommended,210970,21227157,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,obsidian,"If you want to play a game which you give some rewards,forget it.If you want to live non-ordinary and unusual experience,buy it.Do you still thinking ?..worth it..."
76561198017954584,Recommended,210970,20898242,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,goinbananas,"If you are a fan of Talos Princple/Portal type games, I think you'll love it. I've played 24 hours so far and loved it all. I will say, it is puzzles. Full stop. A lot and lot of puzzles. There is no hand hold story/narrative as with Portal. Much more ""just figure it out"" like Talos principle (with even less story than that, from what I can tell).Yes it is only puzzles but I can tell you I have had some of the most rewarding feelings I have ever had playing a game (or maybe anything for that matter).Yes, you will be frusturated. Very frusturated at some times but the feeling you get after finally solving something is unmatched. So rewarding.Highly recomnended."
,Recommended,210970,20885488,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hsanrb,"First off I'd say I didn't finish the entire game, and my PC can only run the game on low so some commentary may be variance upon the awful PC that I use and my lack of time to get everything done.First off The Witness is one of those games that just throws you on an abandoned island and you solve your way through it.  Because I failed to beat the game in a weekend (thats not a bad thing, I just have other things to play too) I'm not sure if theres a point... but from what I've seen its pretty decent to Myst like Talos Principle did to when the original Portal came out. The game uplifts and challenges the player in a different way, while keeping the experience enjoyable (minus the fact all the puzzles are line/dot puzzles (more on that later)Gameplay: All the puzzles are variances of a ""draw a line from point to end while doing things on a board."" Every puzzle, every environment action besides Moving requires you to manipulate these plates in ways to get things done, doors open, rooms lit, panels flipped, etc etc etc. So the challenge is finding the solution because as you play... what is on the board, what appears on the board, why your manipulating the board becomes less and less clear. Everything around you looks pretty and may have an overarching purpose to your progress. Thats my flaw, every puzzle looks the same, but isn't. Myst (which I compare this game strongly too) varies it up but has the same flow because you interact with objects directly while this one requires panels to do the same interation... like TURNING THINGS. Not to mention this game sometimes prohibits guessing by the inconvience of repeating the previous panel to attempt the current panel again.Graphics: Looks amazing, theres alot to look at and is a photographers dream. The artstyle might not be for everyone, but it suits this game well, and once in awhile stops your tracks to gasp at a perfect vision.Audio: Music is missing, but puzzles can have audio so I can see why. Your going to be hearing things happening that you need to see to comprehend and you can tell whats going on with headphones or speakers.Score: I'd like to give this a higher score, but 8.5 or 9 out of 10 seems to be the best I can give it. The price point might be kind of high for some, but theres enough to sink your teeth into if the puzzles can keep you engaged. While its not the best puzzle game of the past 5 years, I would say if you picked this up and don't mind drawing lines to solve things you'll survive to get a great experience, but if your looking for a more interactive, more engaging experience you can get this or Talos Principle. This might become the myst of the next generation, but it needs to tweak the average interactive experience instead of tying everything to panel drawings.PS: This game crashed twice over some of the ways the game lights rooms, it uses some kind of light filtering (I'd go more but since its a theme for a hub I'm stopping here.) so some Video cards might become unstable. I use ATI Radeon HD 5670 with the game in DX11. The auto save was never corrupted (thankfully) but I feared it could so a manual save might be a good way to go if the dev is looking for improvements."
76561197994785997,Recommended,210970,20792762,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Doink Fuzznut,Very challenging but extremely satisfying. I love it.
,Recommended,210970,31791350,Posted: 16 May,all,FezMaster,One of the best puzzle games I have played.
76561197997927151,Not Recommended,210970,32046534,Posted: 29 May,all,nbilyk,"(Note: I'm giving a thumbs down not because I feel that this is a bad game, but because it wasn't what I was hoping for or expected, I wish I could give a review without a rating.)This game has a very slow-paced feeling to it. The graphics are great, but there isn't awesome music like you hear in the intro. The game feels lonely, kind of like that old Myst game.Some of the puzzles are good, but it's an open wandering about in a world that makes no sense or has any meaning. There was a lot of trying to find what to do next without any real drive for why you would even want to get to the next puzzle. Then when you got to the next puzzle, it was always the same kind of thing where the problem solving isn't difficult, but the searching for the clue was where the challenge was.If you like jigsaw puzzles, or hunting for Easter eggs, you might love this game. If you were hoping for the same sort of analytical problem solving that you found in Jonathan Blow's previous game Braid, this game is not it."
,Recommended,210970,20792612,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,meltypixel,"Do you like walking around on an island and looking at things? Do you enjoy solving lots of really clever puzzles, some of which are so clever that you find yourself making all sorts of thoughtful and surprised sounds while you're solving them? Do you want a game that is fun to think about even when you're not playing it?This is that game. I like it a lot."
76561197970384456,Recommended,210970,20795810,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Piglet,Mesmerizing!!!
,Recommended,210970,20796713,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,T045TBR0T,"After two sleepless nights of playing The Witness, I feel confident that it deserves a place alongside the greats - Portal, FEZ, and Talos Principle all come to mind, as well as pure logic puzzles like SpaceChem and TIS-100.As in those games, the puzzles all follow one basic pattern: Here, that pattern is tracing a line across a panel. This, and only this, is your way of interacting with the world, even outside the puzzles.Which is a good thing! The panels employ a number of mechanics, each with a relatively simple set of rules. Combining those mechanics just means applying the rules for each one.Easy, right?It is, at least when your mental model of the rules is correct. These moments are hugely satisfying: Progression happens not because you've collected the correct item, but because you havelearned something.And when your model is wrong, it's time to experiment. People mention the scientific method in conjunction with The Witness, and I can see why. The deterministic behavior of each element means you can form a hypothesis and test it as often as necessary.Or, admittedly, until you give up in frustration. Which will happen, unless you've got Vulcan-like patience and focus. But even then, there's dozens of other puzzles you can tackle at any time, and when you come back you'll have learned new rules, or new ways hints are hidden in the world, and be able to apply that knowledge to panels that stumped you earlier.And then there's the scenery. Stunning, colorful vistas at every turn, rendered beautifully, with no background music and few sound effects to distract from the puzzle solving. I think that's a wise decision, given how much concentration can be needed to solve the panels. Say what you will, the best music in the world quickly becomes annoying if it keeps interrupting your thoughts.Also, contrary to what you might think, the environment is very much relevant to the puzzles. Lighting, perspective and audio cues all play an important part in solving certain kinds of them.As for story... I just don't know yet. You're stranded on this deserted island and clearly, something went down there. Did that event happen ages ago? Last tuesday? What was it? All questions that may or may not be answered down the line, and I'm fine with that.I realize not everyone will agree, but solving puzzles for the sake of it is reason enough for me to play The Witness, and resolving the mystery of the island is a nice cherry on top.If you pick this up - and I think if you enjoy analytical puzzle solving, you should! - do yourself a favor: Don't look up any guides, and do stop and smell the roses. There's much to be seen (and, in the case of the audio logs, heard) around the island, and enjoying the scenery will take your mind off those fiendish puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,20798116,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Grubnatius,"Only a few hours in but really enjoying it. It can be tough at times, but when you figure out the answer it's hard to believe you didn't see it in the first place. Not for those looking for a braindead-gratification-on-rails; you have to put a lot in but you get a lot out. At first the concept of solving the panel puzzles may seem a bit too simple, but as you go on they integrate more and more into the environment. Definately recommend for any who like a challenge."
,Recommended,210970,20994804,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FIN FANG FOOM,"Genius game that will keep you busy for ages, and damn its pretty."
,Not Recommended,210970,29558424,Posted: 28 January,all,dst255,"Not for me. Plenty of friends claim it was their GOTY, so I gave it a shot. Two nights and three hours in, I fell asleep twice trying to play it. It starts off interestingly enough, shows you the basics of some puzzles and progresses you through areas. Then you will find a secret area with a harder puzzle, unlock it, find another puzzle on the ground, finally solve it! Aaaand nothing happens. No visual or audio cues, nothing. Silence. Hooray.The reward for solving line-based puzzles? More line-based puzzles! With different shapes and annoying rules for solving them that are never explained. I get that 'no hand holding' is part of the 'charm' of this game, but I never once felt rewarded for solving a puzzle or motivated to continue on to the next puzzle. I guess if your reward is to feel like you are smart for solving the puzzle, then this game is for you. Such a shame really, the game has a great art style and environment, I wish there were more puzzles that didn't involve staring at a tiny grid. And if after 3 hours of gameplay I can't find any motivation to play a game, I have to give it up."
,Recommended,210970,20799120,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,poopfart,"Dear Jon,I am writing to you about your magnum opus, The Witness, not out of love, but as an expression of my boredom with completing what may be the critical apex of your brain's functionality.  I understand that engineering a puzzle takes a great mind, but I feel as though you're efforts are simply too mundane.  Every day, the New York Times challenges me with a crossword puzzle that draws on my education and life experiences to craft a truly memorable and endearing experience.  The Witness reminded me of a stained glass paint kit I received as a Christmas gift.  It's an imitation of true, masterful art and only enables lesser minds to experience the physical climb towards impacting the world we share.  I can say, with no doubt in my mind, you are a smart man.  However, I beat all 700 puzzles in 10 hours and have an incredibly high IQ.  I implore you, with respect, to refund me the $40 I spent on your product as I do not make much in the world of academia.Sincerely yours,Hitler"
,Recommended,210970,20799499,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Beorn,"Great puzzles, deep mechanics, wonderful environment, absolutely gorgeous. Just play it!"
76561198045973228,Recommended,210970,20798678,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Down Smasher,"If you enjoy puzzle games pick this up. Jonathan Blow has truly outdid himself on this masterpiece. The atmosphere, art, gameplay and respect for the person playing the game make it easily one of the best purchases in my library to date."
,Recommended,210970,20858488,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TIMOOOO,"Meditative and sublime. Don't cheat, even a little. I haven't had such a rewarding epiphany moment from a game since Portal."
,Recommended,210970,20838721,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Jhotun,Charming and complex. A game that will make your brain work uncomfortably at first until you taste the sweet juice of the Eureka moment. This is the ♥♥♥♥ing Dark Souls of puzzle games.
,Recommended,210970,21096410,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,It's tango time in Trouble Town,"The Witness is really quite unique. The main draw of this game in the beginning is its beautifully crafted environment, which is pretty much completely explorable and packed with detail. The only gameplay element aside from simple movement is in mouse-based interaction with line puzzles (controller works too, but I found I wanted more precision). Basically these are those puzzles that require you to trace a shape without crossing the same spot more than once. The rules are never spelled out, but the game is great at encouraging the player to learn through experimentation and exploration. I hesitate to say any more about it, because some of the most awesome moments in this game are in figuring out what's going on.The secrets are the fun part of the game, which is why it's so frustrating that a few of the secrets are so damn obscure. After a certain point, I was aware that there was more to do, based on a few glimpses of locked-off areas, but I had exhausted almost everything else of interest. I really wanted to find everything worthwhile in this game without spoilers, but the game turned into hours of me squinting at the screen for some hint about what to do next. I even tried solving a nearly accessible puzzle through the cracks in a plank ceiling to make progress (which, let's be honest, would've been an epic solution if it worked). Honestly, trying to solve that mystery on my own turned into a pretty low point in the game. For any but the most determined, if you are to that point, I actually recommend getting a hint or two. But first, try to explore and experiment for as long as you find it enjoyable!"
,Recommended,210970,21292335,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Biglett,"Very Amazing puzzle game, and the world is beautiful. Highly Recomcended. If the price is too much then probably wait for a sale, but get it!"
,Recommended,210970,20844501,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Widdershins,This game has permanently rewired crucial parts of my brain I was probably going to need for something important. Would experience again.
,Recommended,210970,20888782,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Zorglemeister,"Dear Gamer Friends,I come to you today with a recommendation. Though that term is a bit weak.Do you like puzzles? Do you like adventure? Do you like mystery? Do you like dreaming in technicolour?You'll probably enjoy The Witness.I am seriously flipping out over this game. I have not felt this great about solving puzzles since Spacechem, and before that Riven and Myst.""How many different ways can you present a line puzzle?"" you ask?ALL THE WAYS, AND THEN SOMEThere are SO MANY things to notice. And EVERYTHING is relevant. Even the stuff that isn't there.The Witness is satisfying SO MUCH of my gaming/puzzling/exploration/non-violent FUN needs. I had been contemplating reinstalling Myst, but I'd been hesitant because I figured that time would not have been kind and my nostalgia would have been ruined.I'm having to pay attention and track ALL THE THINGS, and then I have to create theories about how all the things go together, and then i'm having to apply those theories, and then I muck something up and I realize that my prior successes were just luck, so I need to go back and experimentally refine my theories. ""Okay, I know I can solve this by doing X, which serves my theory. Y would also fit, let's try it!""It is like puzzle science and it is goddamn gorgeous.As a caveat, I had initial problems with motion sickness, but was able to correct this by increasing the FOV and sticking a masking tape crosshair in the center of my monitor. This allowed for less distortion on my widescreen display and also gave my brain an optical point of reference. I also suffer from motion sickness in Antichamber and The Stanley Parable, and am eager to apply these techniques to those games to see if it has a similar effect.And, spoiler alert, once you unlock the jetpack, things REALLY get wild."
,Recommended,210970,20791161,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,El Chupacabra,"This game is full of suprises, you can't even know for sure what will you see right around the corner; it could be a puzzle or could be a harder puzzle or if you are lucky enough it could be another really hard puzzle.So captivating, i hadn't played a game before non-stop, straight 9 hours."
,Recommended,210970,20862362,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,genoforprez,"This game is eeeexcellent.So. Gameplay. Let's get the first thing out of the way, which is the reservation a lot of people seem to have when seeing this game for the first time. That one being, ""Is this just a game where you draw lines inside of mazes? Isn't there anything more to it than that? That seems dumb.""That is exactly what this game will look like if you are just watching Let's Plays. And honestly? The first couple hours of the game will feel a bit like that. But this is mostly just because the mazes are foundational for solving other, more advanced kinds of puzzles, so you need to learn a lot of things about them right away. Also the maze puzzles are extremely easy to see. Just square terminals sticking out of the ground, right out in the open, right? Seems like you'd just walk up to terminals and solve mazes and that's it, right? WRONG. It only looks like that's the only kind of puzzle at first because that kind of puzzle is THE EASIEST TO SEE. So naturally when you (or whatever Let's Player you're watching) first starts out, you'll just run immediately to all the maze terminals you see, because they are right there and you can just check them off, bam bam bam. But unbeknownst to you, you'll be walking right past dozens of more complex puzzles that you just don't know how to see yet. But the maze terminals are important! They teach you foundational knowledge you'll need for more complex and multi-phased puzzles later.So after you learn a lot of rules and special techniques for the maze puzzles, you will eventually start to run into situations where it's not good enough to just know how to solve a maze puzzle. You start to realize that there are kinds of ""hidden knowledge"" that you need to solve particular puzzles, which you have to get from elsewhere. The knowledge is often something external to the puzzle itself. Whereas in most games this would just amount to finding a door combination written on a wall or piece of paper somewhere, in The Witness nothing is that simple. You have to pay VERY CLOSE ATTENTION, because the insight you need to solve the puzzle might be found in something as subtle as the way a tree looks when reflected off the water of a pond that you are looking at from the second floor of a nearby house. (Note: That is not an actual puzzle solution in the game, but it is the exact KIND of solution you can expect.)That being said, the grid mazes in The Witness, while highly puzzling, are often not the ""actual"" puzzle. They are just a logical puzzle interface on which you communicate a lateral thinking type solution. (Yeah, it gets complicated.) The ""actual"" puzzle is often an insight you have outside of these mazes, and then you use or apply that knowledge in the maze somehow, or else the maze is a sort of gate you pass through on your way to executing the ""actual"", broader solution.It's hard to completely explain without spoiling too much of the fun of discovery, but suffice to say that The Witness is primarily a game about PERSPECTIVE and PERCEPTION. Things may look different depending on the angle and manner of view. A particular object/thing that seems inconsequential may at some point leap out at you as having a meaning that never dawned on you before. A thing that you walked past one hundred times turns out to have an obvious puzzle that you somehow never noticed until the 101st time you walked by. Oh yes. In order to solve the puzzles, you must first be able to PERCEIVE the puzzle, and many puzzles will go quite unperceived by you at first, even though they are right there, staring you in the face. You just weren't looking correctly.Don't ruin it for yourself by watching Let's Plays. That won't give you an accurate idea of the experience of playing The Witness. Watching a Let's Play of The Witness is like watching someone else view one of those Magic Eye books. It's just not the same thing. You have to do it yourself to really get the idea of how good it feels the moment that shift in your perception occurs and YOU FINALLY SEE IT. You will not get that feeling or experience from watching Let's Plays.Puzzle difficulty? There is a wide range of difficulty and type. The maze puzzles being the most obvious type. These will challenge your logical thinking. Some of them are simple as putting two and two together, but you will eventually hit one that seems impossible. And I don't just mean it seems hard. I mean you may literally encounter a puzzle that you are 100% convinced is impossible. It makes no sense! It doesn't follow the rules! But don't worry. Go do some other puzzles elsewhere. You'll come back to it later and find that what before seemed illogical now makes total sense.Then there are the other puzzles, which I will just call the ""non-maze"" puzzles. These will often challenge your spatial and lateral thinking. Logic will only get you so far in The Witness. You'll also need to read and interpret various kinds of unique ""signs"" in the environment and sometimes you'll just have to try a crazy idea. An idea that seems so stupid it couldn't possibly be the answer. But it IS the answer.Don't go into it expecting it to be like Portal or The Talos Principle. There are certain similarities, but The Witness is its very own kind of experience.Finally let's talk visuals. It's not exactly photorealistc. The game does not strive to have amazingly realistic looking textures, and frankly I think that works in its favor. The island still feels very much like a ""real"" place, but visually it is like some kind of living watercolor painting or the most vibrant graphic novel. It is a really cool style that manages to feel both real and stylized. And it's not just the graphics/colors/etc that are worth noting. JBlo actually contracted some professional landscapers to help make sure that every inch of the environments on the island looked fantastic. Just the way that everything is spaced and harmonizes with everything else around it is excellent to behold.7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,210970,20778672,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,manic221,Amazing...I want to say many things about this game i want to talk about the many puzzles the game has already thrown my way but i can't because part of the greatness of this game is the discovery this is a seemingly very simple idea masking a huge amount of complexity.I would honestly compare this to Portal in its simplicity of design and puzzle mechanics hiding an exceptional well considered but very difficult puzzle game.If you're a puzzle game fan you owe it to yourself to play this game it's brilliant.
,Recommended,210970,27846920,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ushio,+great scenery to take screenshot+walking simulator no enemy no jumpscare-hard puzzlesso just buy it if you like puzzle and screenshot lover
,Recommended,210970,29842680,Posted: 11 February,all,cole roddy,"From the same creator that made Braid, and with the same quality and amazing visuals. If you like puzzles, buy it. If not, stay away. Simple as that."
,Not Recommended,210970,21278299,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lord Bobbit,Firstly I'm not saying it's bad because it's hard. Whn I first got this game I really enjoyed the game wounding what secrets I would learn but after a few hours I noticed what the reward is MORE LINE PUZZLES it just not rewarding to play alone maybe with friends.
76561197978131107,Recommended,210970,23131549,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Superbeef,"Much like movies took us inside the mind of John Malkovich, or great works of film took us inside the dark world of Brad Pitt's sensually charged world of vampires, or books that built the world of the charming businessman Christian Gray, ""The Witness"" takes us by the hand and guides us roughly, painfully at first, but then with growing anticipation, into the depths of Jonathan Blow's sex fueled addiction to methamphetamines.Great puzzle games pose significant but mortally overcomable logical challenges, as we reverse engineer solutions from a procedural sequence of rules. The Witness takes this one step further. The rules are not always known, and an equal part of the puzzle is even understanding what the rules of the puzzle even are -- and much like David Fincher's ""The Game"", the fact that you only get to experience it once ""for the first time"" is a deep regret. That it takes place in on a graphically gorgeous island is merely a bonus. Though the story transcends even the most meta of meta at times, you might be forgiven for being skeptical. Jonathan Blow is not merely channeling the spectral ghost of Stephen King's The Dark Tower and protagonist Roland Delacroix, but has instead become his spiritual sucessor, weaving his personal challenges at constructing a decade long 7th wonder of puzzle into a public offering for the mass market. His talents will speak for themselves.I am highly critical when it comes to puzzle games, but as a puzzle enthusiast, The Witness has become a core component of my psyche along with a short list of other greats. Zachtronics. Deadly rooms of death. Saira.Is it worth $40 to a general audience? Maybe not. But I feel it was time very well spent. And if you are a cool person who likes great mental games, this is a game for you. If you do not like it, please, don't tell me. Because I won't like you any more.  Good day."
,Recommended,210970,20855845,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Banana Bread,"One of the most challenging and satisfying puzzle games I've ever played. It challenges all of your abilities. Not just problem solving, but observation and imagination as well. At times it feels a bit obtuse, and that can get frustrating, but if you take a break and come back later with a fresh perspective, you can eventually figure it all out. The audio logs and such are hit-and-miss on their own, but add to the enigma of the island as a whole. And if you haven't noticed by the screenshots, that island looks incredible. Every new environment is jaw dropping.I completely forgot about this game on two seperate occasions during it's seemingly endless development. I thought maybe Jonathan Blow & his team might be a bit behind the times as far as indie games go after all this time, but I've been proven wrong. The Witness is uniquely fresh and strange, but also remarkably inviting.Recommended for fans ofMyst, The Talos Principle, Antichamber, Braid"
,Not Recommended,210970,21007699,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cyrus the fuckin' Virus,"I bought this game for one simple reason: Jonathan Blow. I loved Braid and I was hoping to find the same mix of arts, story and gameplay that made Braid terrific in here.I honestly think that the professional reviewer are praising this game because of the fame of its creator and because it is ""strange"" enough to fill their mouth with the word ""art"". There is nothing revolutionary here, there is only an awesome graphics style that doesn't justify the hardware requirements and a series of repetitive puzzles.Apart from the people who say they liked the game without realizing to having thrown 50 hours of their life from the window, probably this game can be really appreciated only by somebody affected by autism.I stopped playing it quite soon, because I felt bored, plain and simply. Everything that could make you go on is missing and from other's reviews I can see that at the end you are left alone with all your questions unanswered. ♥♥♥♥♥ please, I don't want another Lost experience, damn you Jonathan Lindelof."
76561198052494908,Not Recommended,210970,21215142,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,eugenear,"The game world is beautiful but sadly that's all the game has going for it. There is essentially no story to speak of. You appear and are free to do whatever. There is no obvious reason to do anything beyond unlock the first door so you can get out of the spawn location. Maybe if I invested  more time, there would be story but I doubt it.The lack of story isn't really what killed this game for me, its the lack of puzzles. For me, to solve a puzzle, one must figure out a solution. In this game to solve a puzzle one must solve a graph optimization problem. It is a purely computational effort with no creativity involved. All puzzles are variation on labyrinth solving, but since that is very simple, some constraints are added. For example, your solution path must outline a certain shape or separate light and dark areas of the board etc. Once you figure out the constants, the process of actually solving the puzzle becomes a tedious process of trying different permutations until you arrive at the right one... Or look up the solution online.To add insult to injury the mechanics are by no means obvious so any area that introduces a new mechanic also has an extensive tutorial system where you 'solve' progressively more difficult puzzles to get a handle on the rules of this specific  rule set. On the other hand, sprinkled thought the world are puzzles that assume advanced knowledge of mechanics that you have not yet found the tutorial for making solving them all but impossible. As a result, the game removes pretty much all elements of creative thinking from this 'puzzle' game. You either know the mechanic and the puzzle is little more than an equation that needs to be solved, or you don't know the mechanic and you have almost no hope of solving the puzzle at all."
76561198111850632,Not Recommended,210970,21242176,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DobbysWrath,"I promised myself not to cheat by looking for guides and so far have made it almost to the end...but I have no interest in finishing it. To many damn hours spent on this game with no real purpose but to make you feel pain and have some eureka moment. I wouldn't mind if there was a story! (and ♥♥♥♥ those quotes)Sadly in this occasion one factor that makes me really annoyed is the price! I thought yeah I've never played a game like this and always wanted too, so I spent the £30. In short it's not worth that amount, for one form of puzzle (snake), no story, and some ♥♥♥♥ing outdated quotes - I feel ripped off.I could have spent that money on some really good games that I certainly want in 2016, I don't know about you but when I spend a certain amount of money on a game I expect the standard things, e.g. even though I don't like CoD for the price and genre you expect the standard campaign, multiplayer, other modes like zombies, good graphics etc. With witness you get two things: puzzles and graphics (looks good but it's just colour, shadows and reflections)for one small island. If this game was £20 I might not complain.I get what the developer was thinking with his philosophy but this game makes me think he's a pretentious♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesn't matter what emotion you feel the game still needs to be enjoyable and worthwhile. You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,210970,20838666,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,_nilCat,"1. This is definitely a masterpiece, no matter if you believe it in the beginning.2. Never read any spoiler, the best experience comes from an empty mind.3. Never google any hint, just take a walk on the island if you stuck on a puzzle.4. Ignore all the nagative reviews that playtime less than 15 hours."
,Recommended,210970,20798894,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,bLindiRL,"The Witness was made for me.I love puzzles, and I'm a sucker for colourful worlds.Okay I'll admit it. I'm a fan, I've been waiting for this game since 2009 when I saw concept art.I will say my wait was worth it. However, this game is not for everyone. I have enjoyed my time with this game even if there was a bit of pain involved. Without spoiling anything the main thing I learned in the first few hours is puzzles just lead to more puzzles and if you get stuck simply stop and move on. This game is simply a long set of tough logic puzzles with a world around it. If your okay with this, You will love the witness.I'm recommending this game for people like me who will enjoy this game. I know some people don't agree with me but I feel like The Witness is a better Myst. I was never much of a fan of Myst. I feel the Witness is a much better game when it comes to helping you find your goal. Even if the journy there is a tough one. I will finish this game I'll update my review when its done.Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,210970,20887159,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PickledDog,"Don't buy it, watch somebody else play it.Why the bad review? While Braid was warm and inviting (and fun!), The Witness is just adverserial. Failed a puzzle? Redo the previous one as punishment! I'm the game, and I'm not even going to tell you why you failed! Oh, you actually solved that one? Good luck figuring out what just opened, because I'm not gonna tell you!It's been a while since a game gave me the finger this often, and I've had enough. It reached the point where it just felt like work, and I had no desire to see where it was going. Ilikea good puzzle, but this one left me cold. Even Myst's obtuse puzzles managed to make me come back for more.The good points? The art direction is gorgeous. The island is just beautiful and ripe for exploration."
76561198038960040,Recommended,210970,21470329,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,toasty,Refreshing puzzle game. Highly recommended for those who love a challenge!
,Recommended,210970,21161838,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,vernanonix,"It should be stated up front that this is not a game for everyone. If you are into atmospheric games that's heavy on the puzzles without a lot of narrative, this is a game for you. Otherwise, I can't recommend it.That said, this game is gorgeous. Just looking at the screenshots and videos should tell you that though. Not only that, but you can tell great care was taken in putting the whole island together. The environment around the island changes drastically between two area, yet every transition feels natural. And just looking around, you can find many hidden images by standing in the right spot (like say an octopus under the water made out of sand and rocks or a face in the trunk of a tree). Everything seems to have a purpose in how it was placed.And then there are the puzzles. I spent a whopping 48 hours looking for, thinking on, and solving what the community believes to be every puzzle in the game. And let me tell you, these are hard. I don't know if I've ever played a game that pushed already taught mechanics to this degree of difficulty in such a fair manner. If anything new is dropped on you, there's a place to learn it.This game is all exploration. You have to explore to learn. You have to explore to solve. You have to explore to do anything. And I loved ever minute of it. (Well, except the swamp, but that's just me.)"
,Recommended,210970,20957372,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,eb,"""Jones, do you realize what the Ark is? It's a transmitter! It's a radio for speaking to God!""-René Belloq, 1936"
76561198028214642,Recommended,210970,23875174,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JesusMafia,♥♥♥♥ing phenominal game. 10/10
,Recommended,210970,21147358,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,OtakuD,"One of the most mind bending and ingenious puzzle games I have played in years, but there are a few things to watch out for.Pros:Loads of content, 500+ puzzles to findIncreasingly complex and interesting puzzle varietyBeautiful environments to exploreSecrets!YMMV:Some incredibly tough puzzles, very rewarding to work out thoughMay be impossible if you are sensory imapiredFrustration when stuck is part of the deal, being able to walk away and come back later is keyCons:Maze puzzles are 90% of the gameDo not expect a story of any kind, this is not MystYour only rewards for completing puzzles are more puzzlesDo not expect the game to tell you what to do, everCan feel a bit pretentious at timesI think you can see that you will either love or hate this game depending on your feelings towards the puzzles on offer. Personally I enjoyed every moment and was amazed as to the level that the simple mechanics were taken, each new area had at least one ""eurka"" moment and the lack of hand-holding made the feeling of accomplishment all the more rewarding. Get this is you want an ingenious and devilish puzzle game that tests both your logic and understanding of the world you are exploring."
,Recommended,210970,22456293,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tito,"When you're finished playing The Witness, you're not the same person you were when first starting it.Anything else could be a spoiler."
,Recommended,210970,25334225,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,NeverwinterX,"I have mixed feelings about this game. The art style and the island are beautiful. The puzzles are challenging and there are a lot of puzzles. However those puzzles can be at times really challenging and get rather frustrating. Some hints to the puzzle solutions are really obscure. Also the amount of puzzles is at the same time a disadvantage, it can get quite tedious and repetitive and at the end you feel a bit relieved that it's over. I know there are still some puzzles to be done like ""the challenge"", but I really can't be bothered anymore.Also some puzzles are really unpleasant to solve, i.e. the sound puzzles and the moving and colour changing puzzles, they even make you nauseated. It feels like they're just purely in there to annoy the player.The story, if you can call it that, is extremely pretentious. It's just a heap of nonsense and philosophical mumbo jumbo thrown together. Nothing gets explained, you never find out what happened to the island. Even the ""Lost"" tv series explained more and made more sense than this.It would also be a bit better to guide the player more naturally from area to area: from the starting area you sort of naturally go to the symmetry area, but after that you get overwhelmed and wander from place to place on the island not understanding any of the puzzles until you finally find one that makes sense."
76561198254324287,Recommended,210970,32935488,Posted: 28 June,all,IzunaIce,"I bought The Witness about a month ago and I can say that this game is kinda disapointing. It's not comparable to a legendary puzzle-game like Myst.Negatives:The puzzles are sayisfying but they are too simplistic, and they get repetitive very quickly.No background music and mediocre graphics makes the game feel really empty.It doesn't show how much progress you have made.Positives:Satisfying puzzles.tl;dr It's an OK game. I'd say get it on sale only."
,Recommended,210970,33014662,Posted: 29 June,all,Skateboard Witch,"This may be my all time favorite and most satisfied purchase from any video game. A puzzle game yes, but it evokes a great sense of mystery and kind of holds an ongoing narrative on what learning is meant to be as you teach yourself to solve the puzzles throughout the experience of this game. Highly recommended, did not think I would be so addicted."
76561198128780646,Recommended,210970,23961147,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,offir.baruch,"Great game, Had fun playing it.Puzzles tend to repeat themselves though"
76561198210691931,Recommended,210970,26653499,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,WaveClimb,I want more games like this please!
76561197989097518,Recommended,210970,31072769,Posted: 10 April,all,Nollakaks,When writing this short review I had played 5 hours and solved 125 puzzles.I love it. I hate it. I want to play it. I dont want to play it.5/5
,Recommended,210970,30709797,Posted: 24 March,all,MagnumDopus,"There is not much to say; and in no way is that a mark against The Witness. On all accounts The Witness exceeds as a puzzle game; in a visually satisfying and perfectly challenging way it presents puzzles for the player to solve. I want to rant and rave about all the puzzles I solved, I want to convene with others and pick their brains over the challenging ones, I want to describe in vast detail the great variety of challenges The Witness presents. But all of this would do a disservice to The Witness; a truly marvelous game which, to the curious problem solver, simply must be played. I wish there were more to add but there is no story, there is no soundtrack, there is no combat, there is no antagonist, there are no upgrades, there is nothing except line puzzles. And in that regard The Witness is a perfect game.Full Review:https://tiny-spaceship.com/2017/03/24/the-witness/"
,Recommended,210970,30729832,Posted: 25 March,all,Eagorajose,Might be the best game I've ever played for many reasons outside the playthrough itself.
,Recommended,210970,21007559,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,GCE | Regis,"This is one of the best games I've played in years, although it won't be the game for everyone. However, if you're prepared for learning through experimentation, challenging your assumptions, observing the environment around you, and accepting when you need to walk away from a puzzle, I invite you to dive deep into The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,26121165,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Watchmaker,"It is easy to dismiss the game as simply a puzzle game with pretty scentery to move around in, but do not take it so lightly. The use of the enviroment to hide both puzzles and solutions is incredible, and occasionally pretty mind-bending. However, this also hurts the game. The puzzles can become not simply obtuse, but deliberatly frustrating - nausiating color-cycling and obscure audio cues being two particularly troublesome mechanics required.What makes the game truly remarkable however is the vast amount of material that the game does not require you to find or solve. The 'rewards' are minor: Brief quotations of a dubiously profound nature, and snippets of video of a similar nature. None of this ticks any boxes or unlocks any achievements. It is simply... there. It's a fascinating art project, if nothing else.And finally, and in all seriousness: Screw 'The Challenge'."
,Recommended,210970,26119388,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PatientBen,"Phenomenally satisfying. The description of the puzzles as ""mazes,"" while technically accurate, does not do nearly enough justice to the cleverness of the mechanics the game introduces. After leaving the initial short tutorial area, there's so much to explore that it can it first feel a little overwhelming - but there's no reason to rush, and there's no enforced order as far as which area you choose to tackle first. Pick a spot to focus on and search it top to bottom, chipping away at the map piece by piece in this manner, and you'll manage just fine."
,Recommended,210970,25825025,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,KendrickLamarioKart,"I completely understand that this game is not for everyone. If you like solving puzzles by thinking on many different levels at the same time, this game is for you. The more you put into this game, the more you will get out of it. There IS a story. There IS a point to all of it. Any more being said will spoiler the game for you.Bottom line is, if you love puzzles and intellectual conversation then you will get a lot out of this game."
76561198008650062,Recommended,210970,21091963,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,azural,"I think the puzzles were well thought out, the continual exploration of different mechanics within the same overall framework and the subversion of already ""difficult"" puzzles with extra rules that make you almost doubt they're solvable rewarding when you do solve them. Wandering around varied pretty environs while doing this is worked for me.The undoubted pretentiousness present could have been dialed down a little and some narrative hooks would have been nice though it is still a great game in spite of these flaws."
,Recommended,210970,20860533,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Poohshoes,"This game has 10 times more ""Ahaa"" moments than other games and the best set of puzzles ever designed.  Game of the Century 11/10."
,Recommended,210970,20860477,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dois,My goodness.
,Recommended,210970,20862150,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MPO,"Comprised of ingenious line puzzles and tests of observation, The Witness presents serious players with a challenge of curiousity.  While there are moments of frustration from lack of understanding, the powerfully epiphanic moments of discovery more than make up for them - that is, if you're observant enough.  Many of the bigger moments come hours of gameplay in.I also really liked the realism in player movement - a realistic shadow, sense of inertia, and a other little elements make you feel like you're really there, exploring.  They were appropriate touches that I've never seen before.  The beautiful graphics are also always a welcome sight.Like so much of the game, the narrative itself is expertly embedded in the environment, and it too is very rewarding and profound.  If you're seeking a true challenge like you've never experienced, you may pick up The Witness without hesitation.P.S. Fans of The Talos Principle - this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,210970,21087589,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,RustySnowman,A fantastical island filled with challenging puzzles to explore creates a fabulous experience. But what's maybe more impressive is how the game teaches the player. Not a single non-control based instruction is issued (and there are only two of those) and yet the game teaches a swathes of puzzle mechanics deftly. Games developers and players should learn from experiences like this.It won't be for everyone but for those who enjoy it this is an incredible experience.
,Recommended,210970,21088957,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fermit The Krog,"First and foremost: THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE. If you do not enjoy puzzles, you will not enjoy this game. That said, the world is beautifully designed, the puzzles are created in such a way that they wordlessly teach the player how to solve new concepts at a steady difficulty curve. Then, why not combine concepts? Then, throw a total curveball at the player with something totally new.If you enjoy the ""A-ha!"" moment of sudden realisation, the frustration of trying to understand the solution, and the joy of finally completing and understanding the puzzle, I couldn't recommend this game enough.If you aren't a fan of mazes, just take a moment to explore. You may find something interesting!"
,Recommended,210970,21093745,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ray,"Noted INDIE GAME DEVELOPMENT SENSATION, Jonathan Blow, has been in a coma for 9 years since the destruction of Mother Base. Can he find the man who did this to him? Can he truly live only for revenge?"
76561198059036034,Recommended,210970,21136837,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Praise the Aeldari Moon,"Let me first state that if you want story, you will find none.That said IF you can ignore the above the game is difficult, mindbending, and gorgeous to look at.Unfortuantly I bought it expecting SOME form of story.If i had known there was no story from the start, I would have enjoyed the game a great deal more than I did.As it stands, because I expected story the game leaves a sour taste in my mouth, and a bit of anger at the devs.Which is why i hesitantly recommend it, provinded you truly understand THERE IS NO STORY OR GREATER MEANING.Because not understanding that will ruin the entire experience for you."
76561198040766410,Recommended,210970,27927357,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,michaelshigame,"10/10Some people cannot enjoy puzzle games no matter how perfect it is. This is why a perfect game has an 87 on metacritic.I have not heard a legitimate criticism levied at this game. Here are a few that I will go through:-Frustrating/Too hardYou can't criticise a game for being too hard, especially puzzle games where there's no way to adjust difficulty. That's like disliking a classic novel because your reading comprehension is fifth grade. Or hating Dark Souls cause you don't want to git gud. If The Witness is too hard, go and play some easier puzzle games, read a math/logic textbook, and come back.-No StoryThe Rubicks cude, Tetris, and Sudoku don't have stories. They wouldn't be better games if they did. No story is a plus, because it doesn't distract you from the puzzles. If you want story go read a book, watch a movie, or play a game that's made with story in mind.-No rewards for doing puzzles/Only puzzles after puzzlesIf you need a reward for completing puzzles, I have news for you: you don't like puzzles. If you don't like puzzles, don't play puzzle games. Imagine if this game had the best story ever and rewarded players with an addictive score system. Wow, then people who want to experience the story or reward would have to play a game they don't like to get to those parts. What a terrible idea.20 hours to beat (note that some people report 40 hours to beat, so keep in mind that puzzle games can vary quite a bit in play length)"
76561198097846383,Recommended,210970,25202593,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,its_atmore,This game goes one of two ways.=_= ... ಠ_ಠ ... (ʘ_ʘ) ... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯or=_= ... ಠ_ಠ ... (ʘ_ʘ) ... (╯°□°)╯︵ ... ( ಥـْـِـِـِـْಥ)It's okay.
76561198067064483,Recommended,210970,30498029,Posted: 13 March,all,GuiltyLilty,Just play it.
76561198016104633,Recommended,210970,30291638,Posted: 3 March,all,LordInfernus,"If you like puzzles, than this is a brilliant game. You keep discovering new possibilities for a long time. Do not expect a very interactive world though. The world is beautifull and it is full of beautifull vistas, but there is almost no change. There are only the puzzles. And looking for these puzzles, solving them is fun. Especially when you have been brooding for a couple of days on that one difficult puzzle, it is very satisfying to find the solution just in front of you.This game has had a broadening effect on my solving ability. The only real drawback is the end, which I found a bit disapointing, especially when I thought that all my solutions had been erased. Luckily there is an autosave system, which let me go back to that moment just before I finished the game.All in all a very relaxed and challenging game like no other."
,Recommended,210970,24567217,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,redplayerone,"This game is a work of art that pushes the medium of games forward. It explores communication directly through game mechanics and the phenomenon of epipheny. It's incredibly fun, rewarding, challenging, and personal. The island feels like a crystalizartion of the incredible 7 year journey jonathan blow and his team went on to make this game. A manifestation of their collective internal states made into a virtual world you can inhabit. The sound design is the best I've ever encountered in any game, and the visuals are stunning.Playing this game is an enriching experience."
,Recommended,210970,21038031,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Craig1287,"The Witness is one of those games that’s hard to describe due to spoilers. In the most basic sense, it’s a puzzle game in which you interact with panels that are simple mazes, but really, the game gets so much more complex. Every area of the island in The Witness has a set of rules that govern the puzzles found there. You will learn what those rules are through what you could say are tutorial puzzles. Some later puzzles in areas will draw from the rules of other areas, so you start mixing two, three, four, etc… rule sets together and this results in some seriously complex puzzles.Again, I cannot say too much as I don’t want to spoil anything, but many of these puzzles got so complex that I found myself grabbing a pen and some paper and actually writing notes and drawing diagrams. I took more notes while playing The Witness than I did while working on my Master’s degree. One puzzle, not due to the difficulty of it, but due to how it’s presented to the player, gave me a headache. This isn’t entirely bad and I can’t really explain why, again due to spoilers, but I just want to try and let you know as much as I can without spoiling, that the game does really spice things up and is far more than just solving some simple mazes.I should also add that I played The Witness in a sort of co-op mode. I played it along with a buddy of mine and we went from puzzle to puzzle, area to area in our own respective game while we communicated via TeamSpeak. Where one of us struggled, the other helped. This made it so that we never had to resort to using any online walkthroughs. We never really lost that sense of accomplishment in solving the puzzles by having to cheat online.The Witness is a game that will make you feel like a genius just as many times as it makes you feel like an idiot. It will haunt your dreams and warp your brain once you’ve finished it. You will start to see things in the real world and you will want to interact with them as you had in The Witness. The is most likely my favorite game of 2016, I’m sure it will have a place in my top 10 games of the last decade, and it is even in the running for one of my favorite gaming experiences of all time.5/5"
,Recommended,210970,29929287,Posted: 14 February,all,Euronymouse,"Playing The Witness makes me feel like maybe I'm not as smart as I've always liked to think, so: screw you, The Witness.  >:(The setting is beautiful and relaxing.  The interface is intuitive.  The puzzles start easy and get hard, guaranteeing you both the flow experience of quick, intuitive solutions and the head-wrenching frustration of seemingly insoluble challenges.  The feeling you get when you finish a zone is that of really heady accomplishment.Four hours in, I've hit a point where I'm convinced I'll never solve another puzzle.  But that's happened before, and if I leave the game alone for a week or two I'm sure I'll have a flash of inspiration when I come back.CONS:It's a 3D world, and you can't jump.  Whichsooorubs me the wrong way.It makes me feel stupid sometimes.PROS:Everything else."
76561198074609560,Recommended,210970,29930993,Posted: 14 February,all,thiccboy,Almost everything on the store page is a lie.
76561198056609411,Recommended,210970,24834320,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,richardtbeard,"Great game it needs a sequel. It can get hard but time-to-time and I've even found myself coming back to the game later and solving a difficult puzzle. There are SOOOO many secrets in the game. The only thing I don't like is the audio logs, because they're so random and mysterious that it drives me nuts. I wish they were a riddle instead of random historian jabber. The thing that I love the most are ""the witnesses"" (some call them hidden puzzles) there EVERYWHERE. This game can be scary especially towards the end NOT play this game in the dark at night it will scare you and you'll lose focus on the puzzle. The only advice that I can give is to remember that ""You are alone, there's no one or ANYTHING but you in this game."" remember this when you're in the jungle!"
76561198012626826,Recommended,210970,20942159,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,jeffatrad,A perfect game.
,Recommended,210970,20887275,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Comte de Saint-Bernard,"This is the new high-water mark for puzzle game quality.Buy this game if you like learning, philosophy, and logic puzzles, and if you enjoy really digging into some damn hard (but always fair!) puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,21115672,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,⅕ one5th,"This was exactly my time of game. Beautifully crafted, tastefully symbolic, introspective and just the right amount of difficult. Unfortunately easily spoiled, I recommend going in blind if youre looking for gorgeous a world to explore, appreciate and solve."
,Recommended,210970,23906572,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Punny Bunny,The Witness is a truly exquisite sensory journey disguised as a brilliantly intuitive puzzle game.
76561198003125690,Recommended,210970,20880351,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AcidMonkey,"Not just a snake-puzzle simulator. Seems like it for the first hour, but then a larger meta appears. Definitely worth a play. Especially like the lack of tutorials, all the methods of solving puzzles are eased into and hinted at, with you discovering the rules of the game world. The game world isn't just ""there"" to solve puzzles in, it's incredibly relevant."
76561197970437925,Recommended,210970,20885115,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,darkthrawnce,Absolute genius.  I've never been so entranced by a puzzle game; I couldn't stop playing it.
76561197967571077,Recommended,210970,21001595,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The_Ring-Bearer,"The Witness sets out to be a modern day Myst. In that regards it had succeeded. Set on a mysterious island, you wander around completing puzzles. Rather impressively, these puzzles are all variants on the same mechanic, drawing lines on a grid. Don't let that simplicity fool you, these are hard puzzles that will leave you cursing the name of Johnathon Blow, the creator of The Witness.Like a teacher, Johnathon Blow will gently lead you through the mechanics so that you learn not just to solve the puzzles, but to understand them. A key difference in that brute forcing through them or randomly guessing will be punished. With many areas to explore, each with its own unique take on the line drawing mechanics, it always felt like that even if I was stuck somewhere, I could go somewhere else and bang my head against a different wall. All I can say is, change your perspective and be observant of the environment.One could even suggest that the island is like a metroidvania game, where the “item” is the knowledge you learn from each of the regions.This game is a chain of moments where you go “Aha!” and suddenly understand the key. While you might not be physically lifting that item above your head to the world like in Zelda, you are essentially doing that mentally. I am often reminded of Fez when playing this game. Although Fez has that one moment where suddenly you see the code of the matrix, this game has a lot more (although slightly lesser) moments. Then again, it can still surprise you and make you open your eyes to wonder just what were you missing this whole time and what else might be hiding in plain sight.Despite really enjoying this game, I did find a few pieces to dislike. While I can understand the choice in there being no music in this game, I disagree with it completely. But this is something that can be easily fixed by throwing some relaxing music on the music player. There are also certain classes of puzzles which some people might have a really hard time with. The “story” of The Witness is also very subtle and out of the way. Indeed the ending you get is rather disappointing. But it is a testament to the quality of the game that I didn't mind this all that much, helped very much by some of puzzles in the final area. Indeed the journey is much better than the destination.Even if all you get is the first ending after 25 hours, it is still a brilliant game that is well worth the asking price. But if you wish to delve deep into the depths of the mystery of The Witness, it can still be worth your while."
,Recommended,210970,21010381,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,guissmo,Fun challenging puzzle game. It amazes me how one simple idea of a puzzle can get complicated and spawn different challenging versions.Possible spoiler:Some parts are more difficult if you have some minor disabilities like being slightly tone deaf or color blind.
76561197976782461,Recommended,210970,21037094,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Communist Hamster,"A very pure puzzle game, with beautiful and clever design throughout. One of the best games of the last 10 years.Deals with themes of buddhism, philosophy of science, and faith, in a sense. Looking forward to reading 6000 word deconstructions of this. I had to look up ~11 solutions while playing, figuring out the puzzles is almost always doable and incredibly satisfying."
76561198236052602,Recommended,210970,21069241,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,christian_curran,"Try not to check the walkthroughs on the net, you will kick yourself everytime, well crafted, better than expected.If you are just floating in because it is getting 10/10 reviews be warned , it may not be for you. If you enjoy a good hard mental slog (Portal/Spacechem) this delivers."
76561198012696816,Recommended,210970,21123352,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,thelafe,"I am well over half way done with the game and I must say that I very much enjoy. I enjoyed Portal/Portal 2, and The Talos Principle. Basically if you enjoy those two games and have a lot of patience then you will enjoy The Witness. Some times I will get on for 15-20 minutes and just get too frustrated... other times I will be on for 2 hours. It's a love/hate relationship, but in the end the reward of solving a puzzle and moving forward outweighs the frustration.If you want a game that's truly challenging, has thought provoking quotes, and pushing your mind to the limits within a game... then pick it up!"
,Recommended,210970,21131786,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,weardo05,"the amount of people on here who say there was no reward truly astounds me. not the game did not come out and give you some useless points or ranking or cutscene, but so what figuring out the puzzle was the reward. I have to say this is real show of lack of maturity this game gives you a more mature adult reward the joy in your work the puzzles were hard did you feel nothing when you figured them out. this game rewards you the same way that building a program or completing a work of art does a feeling of accomplishment. did those of you who say there was no reward do the puzzles yourself or did you look up the answer. i found this game after watching someone live stream the shadow puzzle and that was definitely the most hollow section for me."
76561198023003091,Recommended,210970,21192572,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Pid,"Very beautiful graphics and soothing sound, excellent atmosphere and feeling.The difficulty of puzzles is next to impossible to evaluate because many are easy, some medium and few are hard. Some are even impossible or require unbelievable will to solve -- but for every person it is different. There may be a kind of probability but I was stuck on an extremely simple puzzle for a long time and then swept through many following puzzles without a hitch, and it was not a matter of comprehension. It is just a bit of luck on how you look at it and not necessarily a matter of comprehension, intelligence or other personal traits.You'll have to live with those ""dumb feeling"" moments if you want to enjoy the game.My advise is to play as far as you feel comfortable without spoilers but if you feel like you need it, don't think it is wrong to cheat and look solutions up on the 'net. Afterwards you'll feel guilty and like you've ruined the fun, so do this with caution. But sometimes I can tell you some very hard puzzles I was HAPPY to have them looked up, because I knew I could never do those. For example the ones where you have to pay attention to ""something"" (I don't want to spoil here) and then ""translate"" that ""something"" into the solution. Well, it happens that I simply can't perceive that ""something"" even if I know what it is, I have the solution and try hard. I simply don't ""perceive"" it that way so I'd never come up with that solution.Other times I solved puzzles without having a clue how, even hourse later and all, I still don't know how I did some. Maybe just luck?Then there are the citations from literature. They are interesting but they feel more like overshooting or wannabe genius. No denying that ""The Witness"" is a masterpiece that will be remembered for a very very long time. I value it a lot, it's one of the best games I've played in the last years. But, come on. Einstein and philosophers? It certainly is meant as a tribute to those luminaries, but this is still a game and a COMMERCIAL PRODUCT, not a piece of art.To be true art it must be something to put into a museum, teach in school or to release into the public domain for all humanity to enjoy for free. And neither of these is the case. This is still a commercial game, and as such the altruistic citations don't sound sincere enough to me.You want the real deal? Stop playing computer games and read an academic text about any topic (philosophy, art, social sciences or whatever) that you can download for free from any university. You'll get pretty soon the difference between this ""intellectual posing"" and the real thing.That said, I still recommend it over and over again. If you like puzzles, Myst or exploration games on solitary islands.. then this is the best you can get.Also, take some screenshots of beautiful sights and use them as desktop wallpapers! You'll be surprised how beautiful this game really looks."
,Recommended,210970,21243569,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mini Wing Wong,"I may not have played much, but I can still tell that this is quite the game. Very open and easy to be distracted. I still don't understand what I'm doing wrong in pretty much every puzzle. I do think there should be some sort of multiplayer in this. Something like a create your own puzzle/island and share it with the world to play. That would for sure convince people that this game is worth the $40"
,Recommended,210970,21283865,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Becca,"Great puzzle game. Polished. Challenging. Not much story(which is fine for this sort of puzzle game). The puzzles are based on the same idea but are all vastly different, using the environment and whatnot. Some more challenging than others. It's like learning a language. Very relaxing game for those who enjoy these sort of puzzles :) Love how it doesn't do any handholding or written tutorials telling the player what to do."
,Recommended,210970,21332543,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Drakkheim,"Wonderful puzzle game.  Makes you work for it though, but the 'ah-ha' moments feel like real victories. No story to speak of it's much more meditative"
76561198001898652,Recommended,210970,21577578,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,thijs,"At first, the game seems confusing and I almost put it down, not knowing how to continue. Then I gave it another shot, and discovered the hidden rules of the game, walking from one surprise and eureka-moment into the other. Many of the puzzles are amazingly designed, and it's clear the designers put an amazing effort into making it both look good, and making the original puzzles fit.Cons: some puzzles are very hard and/or repetitive; at first the game might seem confusingPros: too many to mention, which ultimately clearly outweigh both the cons and the somewhat high price"
76561198027675519,Recommended,210970,21673132,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Eldrad,"One of the best puzzle games I've played.There are a lot of different puzzles, some of which will be hard for different players. However there is very little required ordering so it's best just to skip a puzzle you can't figure out. You're very likely to run across puzzles which you haven't yet been given a set of easier puzzles to learn mechanics. Additionally you can 'beat' the game while only completing ~40% (maybe less) of the puzzles. Though the game continues to be rewarding as you play further, in particular there's some great end game content which isn't accessable without a significantly higher completion rate."
,Recommended,210970,21676520,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gredgie Says Relax!,"I don't care what 2016 brings, this is likely my Game of the Year.At first I had zero interest in it, I could have glossed over it as just some puzzle game. It already had some hype at that point, but nothing about it particularly lept out at me. I then watched a friend show off the start of a new game, allowing me and a friend to solve the various puzzles on offer towards the beginning of the game.As soon as I arrived home I'd bought it and I made it my mission to clear through what I'd already seen, leaving only mysterious new locations and puzzles in my path. I've currently played 36 hours of this game, cleared a fair amount of it yet still there are things to solve and uncover.Whether you play through it on your own, with friends or a loved one... you're going to enjoy this game."
76561198005879813,Recommended,210970,21738928,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,tanner,"You must ask yourself if this game is for you. It's not for everyone. There's no action, items, or enemies. The game is ponderous, challenging, and vague. Not everyone wants to spend over 25 hours solving puzzles, and thats ok. But if puzzle games are interesting to you, The Witness is certainly one of the best. To like this game, you must enjoy and be satisfied with learning new concepts and experiencing breakthrough moments in your understanding. If this sounds good, just buy the game, its fantastic. If its not enough, maybe skip it (or challenge yourself).This game is about puzzles, but it is also about learning, discovery and epistemology. In the end, it is about teaching you to solve its mazes while organically guiding you to moments of epiphany. While the game certainly takes itself seriously, I think that it deserves the attitude for how well it accomplishes its design goals. This game sticks to its morals and realizes them fully. The result is something beautifully unique that doesn't compromise if doing so would undermine its goals.It surprised me how versatile the maze puzzles are. The simple concept of drawing a line through a grid from the start to the finish is complicated by gaps in the grid and symbols whose meaning you must learn through sets of puzzles designed for that purpose. Eventually you are solving problems with multiple sets of symbols that must be satisfied simultaneously, speaking a new sort of visual language.Oh, and the visual are effing superb! Really, this game deserves to be played slowly, stop and look at all the pretty things (it may even be usefull...)"
76561197967031036,Recommended,210970,21762320,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,sdgent,"While I agree that this game will not be for everyone, one thing that has impressed me has been the meticulous detail and care put into this game. As expressed by others this game will not hold your hand. So many people expect games to lead them by the nose and give them all the answers on a plate. You will not find that here. To say there is no tutorial is false. In fact, the way the tutorial content was designed is very well done.  This game issubtle and understated and much will likely be missed without repeated exploration. You will definitely be frustrated with the puzzles often.Edit: I originally wrote this before completing the game, as I didn't want to believe some of the negative reviews. I wanted to believe there was more to this game than puzzles upon puzzles to the point of almost ""player abuse."" The game seems to suggest there is some hidden meaning to be found. Howerver, after a $5 million dollar budget and 8 years of work from the developer, in the end this game sees players as a mere afterthought, as if a game can exist on the supposition that players don't matter. Bear this mind when buying this game. You may wan't to wait for it to go on sale as others have said."
,Recommended,210970,21787687,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Garnco's Final Layer,"It was a masterpiece. Everything about this game has been fully realized and it's well worth it's 40 dollar price tag. The puzzles themselves were complex but not overly complicated, causing me to really think about the solutions (get actual paper and write them down) and learn it's language in the process, with the relaxing world complimenting the gameplay itself by allowing you to take a break from the puzzles within it's setting. Everything slowly meshes together overtime and even now I find myself returning to the island to figure out more about the world itself. Easily one of the most relaxing and thoughtful games I've played in a while."
76561197997820630,Recommended,210970,21872696,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,knightsoftheroun,"Only 4.5 hours in, and still in awe. Every corner is a new view, and a new puzzle. I overplayed all the Myst games back in the day and beat it with ease, the witness, not so easy. I have made sure to have audio, as I heard there was audio puzzles, but I was shocked when I finally found one, and it wasn't obvious! I plan to try and 100% the game with no spoilers, but I know it will take a lot. 5 stars, 10/10, 100%, pick a rating system and I give it a perfect score!!!If you enjoy puzzles, indirect clues, and a lot of immersion, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,210970,21907446,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Khallighanm,"For me The Witness is by far, the most provoking game in an intelectual scope that I have ever played. Not just by the puzzles, but by the subtle touch of Phylosophy and Scientific thinking. The game does not hold your hand and make things easy... Just like a scientist, you have to begin from scratch, find correlation between symbols and patters, test your hypothesis on what they mean, and keep making progress. Sometimes, you need to understand that you lack the specific knowledge to solve a puzzle. You need pursue that knowledge before trying, or you will be simply wasting your time.The Witness is not just about solving puzzles. It's about YOU. And when I say 'you', I don't mean you as the character of the game, but you as a person.I've never thought I would see things as profound as ""The Demon Haunted World"" on a game... This is the most important book of my life.Fragments of B. F. Skinner are also thought provoking and very well placed in the game. I'm not going to say more to not give any spoilers on this review, but that moment made me realize how brilliantly Jonathan Blow breaks the fourth wall in a way that is very rare and unique.I highly recommend The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,21951576,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Cubik,"Easily my favorite game of the year, if not the last few years. To be honest, I've been dying to play this game since I first heard about it way back in 2012, and it exceeded all of my expectations.+Never had any bugs+Puzzles are perfectly challenging+Never needed to look up an external guide for the entire game+Gorgeous Aesthetics+Pretty much what a perfect puzzle game should aspire to be.+30 hours of gameplay at leastSeriously get this game right now if you are even on the fence."
76561198061436581,Recommended,210970,21962504,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,towers1591,"I enjoyed this game a great deal, but at certain times I found puzzle rules and basics were thrown out the door.  The sun  puzzle at the Quarry to get the ramp in the sawmill up totally disregarded the suns being in pairs and needing to separate them according to color.  Every sun puzzle up to that point followed the rules of suns being in pairs and different colored stars seperated.  But in that case ignored.  Took me forever till i solved it by accident.Again inside the mountain they broke rules where the stars were not paired in the puzzle and the only solution was star to be paired with another cube.  This change the rules as you go approach taken in this game angered me a great deal.  It is why I can love and at times hate puzzle games.  However most times the game is faithful to its own rules for each puzzle type.   There is alot to explore and see.  Secret places that are hard to find.  I think this game is the first true successor of sorts to the Myst franchise.  It's definitely worth $40 dollars."
76561198052667608,Recommended,210970,20870917,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,aaza,"just woke up standing in a pipe, what am i doing here... followed it to an island ... it seems to be filled with puzzles stopping me from moving ahead. im asumming i may have to solve these to get into places, im hoping to find someone to help me with these...2 days in activated 1 lazer and almost my 2nd. about 100 puzzles in, gotta say this is amazing. some puzzles ive found i had to leave because i just didnt understand them yet but looks great. found a few recordings. i wonder how long itll take for me to finish. still no people but a lot of statues...7 days in puzzles are getting more difficult. activated 3 lazers. starting to get lonely, why is there so many statues of people...10 days in, getting paranoid about the lack of people on the island. starting to see puzzles in the environment, i think im going crazy but ill try to solve them the next time i see one. I found a boat but its automated so i cant leave this island, what did i do to deserve being trapped here..."
76561198040427628,Recommended,210970,20885545,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kiuv.iRDT,"For lovers of puzzle-game, The Witness is a ""MUST""!"
76561197963582190,Recommended,210970,20886036,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lan Di,One of the finest games I've had the pleasure of experiencing. Do not read anything about it. The path to discovery is important.
,Recommended,210970,20899887,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gryphacus,"The Witness is gorgeous, engaging, and challenging to the highest degree.If you're the type of person that liked the intellectual challenge of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, the artistic style and world immersion of Life is Strange, and the wonder of Dear Esther's unfolding story, put this on your wishlist.The less you know about the mechanics before you start playing, the better. The experience of learning for yourself how the game works is second to none."
,Recommended,210970,20944618,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SiskoKid,"I've spent over 40 hours playing this game, and I wish I could express how amazing it is. It's not a game for everyone. It's puzzle after puzzle and they get harder and harder. So hard, in fact, that you can spend a good 30 minutes trying to figure one of them out. But the puzzles are NEVER cheap, they are beyond clever, and as you get better and better, you start to realize what's going on. The game is trying to communicate with you, and it actually has a lot to say.Do not skip this game. If you get this game, and you're stuck at a puzzle, don't give up. Explore the world and come back to that puzzle later. Once you start to explore and begin to understand, you'll feel a strong attachment to the world, and you'll never want to leave."
,Recommended,210970,20957422,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,JimmyJams,Fantastic. An incredibly well thought-out game with suprises and aha moments all the time. I've never persisted at trying to solve a puzzle as much as I have with Witness.
76561197982939620,Recommended,210970,21004779,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Monkey,"This game with Antichamber is the best alternative puzzle game, peotic, mind blowing, thrilling, did I just say mind blowing ?Go get it, give the dev your money so they make more, wider, male you feel you are travelling the universe shapeless, bounderless"
76561198003286305,Recommended,210970,21068467,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Beef Manslab,"God, I hate this game.The puzzles are fine at first, but they soon start to wear on your intellect. This game doesn't polish your mind; it whittles it down, bit by bit, until all that's left is an urgent desire to feel again. So I took a break. When I returned, I found that I'd forgotten the rules for most of the puzzles.But I will defeat it.For in the moments where you can claim small victories over the enigmatic mass of agony that is The Witness, when you open that bamboo door and see the light stream into your eyes and take in the next vista, when you discover that underground cavern with a mysterious artifact you didn't know existed, when you forge a new path somewhere you didn't think possible, when the next laser shoots to the top of the mountain... Those moments make it all worth it.God, I love this game."
,Recommended,210970,21263968,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Deachem,"I liked this a lot! It looks great, I love the aesthetic, I quickly came to appreciate how intricately every inch of the island has been designed. This game is full of ""eureka!"" moments and made me feel like a genius, but then I also haven't really played any puzzle games outside of the Portal series and the original Myst.Onto caveats!There are two different end states, and neither are affected by finding all of the secrets, but the game seems to telegraph a reward for uncovering them all. There isn't actually any reason to dig deeper than the eleven main objectives unless you, too, are a crazy person. (That said, some of my highest highs definitely came from beating these optional objectives.)There's scattered recorded musings from philosophers, theologians, and scientists that I think mostly add to the experience, but most people find them grating.If you have color blindness or have hearing trouble: I'd guess roughly a fifth of the game requires you to distinguish between shades of red and green, and about a tenth also requires detecting shifts in pitch. There are guides that've been written to help you out with hints or outright solutions, but that's obviously not ideal."
,Recommended,210970,21326136,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Moleculor,"Do not buy this game if you want:A story that grabs you buy the shoulders and pulls you along.Stirring background music there to keep you company and ""enhance"" the experience.Do buy this game if you want:Ever more difficult puzzles.A game that asks you to think and reason for yourself."
,Recommended,210970,21350429,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,atomic_nop_,"This game does puzzle game right.  It's more similar to Proteus and Myst than Portal and Talos Principle.  There's no way to die or lose progress, you just traverse the island and solve puzzles.  The puzzles are challenging and ingenious.All in all, The Witness is a really elegant package and I highly recommend it to anybody that likes games."
76561198041602912,Recommended,210970,21373285,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Naihmar,"I just finished this game, and I am still in a bit of a shock. This is a beautiful game with great puzzles and it continues to drive you to explore and learn the next thing. Some things to note is that parts of this game are easier on higher graphical settings. Also those with colour blindness or hearing deficiencies should be made aware that they might not be able to complete all of these puzzles. The 40 bucks might be a bit much for this game, but if you are an avid puzzler or it shows up in a Steam Sale definately get this game."
,Recommended,210970,21414217,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Doogie4Ever,"Easily the Game of the Year. But only if you enjoy puzzle games and you want the reward of those puzzles to be more exploration.One thing to keep in mind while playing is: ""Trust the game and nothing is there for no reason. Nothing."""
76561198011611342,Recommended,210970,21506106,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Server,"If you're a fan of the puzzle genre, this game is a must own. It's brilliant in so many ways."
,Recommended,210970,21553612,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,El Jenso,"Although I was sceptical in the beginning what the hype was about, The Witness quickly became one of my favourite games.It is like a metroidvenia game, but instead of upgrading your character you upgrade your understanding of the game to further progress.This game is truly unique."
76561197979867148,Recommended,210970,21826558,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Enthusiast,"It's pretty much an update to MYST in the modern world. Well done! Many elements are there, as well as the atmosphere. They perfectly achieved what Braid did to side-scrollers.On the puzzle side, I enjoyed most of the sets, the wonderful swamp more than the digging site with the reflections, the shadows of twigs more than the interchangeable apple trees. I hated some, especially those that were so obvious, afterwards, and I loved those that became more and more complex and required more backtracking, like those in the Endgame.I would recommend it to anyone who liked Portal. Take your time to discover, and refrain from cheating (seriously! did it once, destroyed the experience...)"
,Recommended,210970,21828486,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Koopaloop,"This game is a masterpiece.  It takes the best elements of the puzzle/exploration genre (i.e. Myst, etc.) and completely eliminates the more frustrating elements of that genre.  For example, in Myst you could be stuck forever because you didn't realize some teeny-tiny pixel was a button that you needed to push.  The developers probably didn't even intend for that to be a hard puzzle, but you just didn't see it.  Well in The Witness every single puzzle is plainly displayed and very obvious.  Furthermore, the sequence of puzzles is obvious and the game does an incredible job of very fairly teaching you each rule you need to learn to solve each puzzle before later testing you on that knowledge.  This teaching was one of the more impressive elements of the game.  The end result is a type of puzzle where you could easily imagine the majority of them being in a straight puzzle game (no adventure or exploration, etc.) but that would be somewhat boring and The Witness has an excellent atmosphere of intrigue that makes you want to find out what is beyond the next gate.  The downside of this puzzle approach is that The Witness does not have the same immersive feeling as a game like Myst which had puzzles seamlessly integrated into the environment itself.  However, if that kind of immersive puzzle is something you love then The Witness actually has you covered there too!  I won't say anything that spoils the fun, but there is a whole set of puzzles that are not required to finish the game that do not show up on clearly marked panels...My recommendation to anyone who plays this game: DO NOT look up walkthroughs!  Seriously, you can figure it out.  If you're stuck on a puzzle just walk away and come back another day.  I can't count the number of times I was so close to giving up and looking up a walkthrough and when I came back the next day I was able to figure it out.  I'll admit I did use one hint and that was for one of the bird call puzzles.  But most of the fun of this game is in the moments of finally figuring out a hard puzzle by yourself."
76561197970524774,Recommended,210970,21850354,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,raythetse,"The Witness, Welcome to my all-time favorites list.I love the no-hand-holding puzzles.  You have to learn the rules for yourself.  The world is beautiful even if the visuals are a bit simplistic, and everywhere you look you wonder what its all about and you want to find everything.The only thing I didn't like was the ""Challenge"" area.  I don't want to spoil what it is so I'll just say it took the game in a different direction that felt like a big letdown.  I was expected that with only two achievements and one called ""Challenge"" I was going to get a giant ultimate puzzle with every mechanic in the game that would take me hours, days... who knows how long to solve.  What I got instead felt more like a crapshoot.If you don't like puzzles and exploring, this is not for you.  If you are like me, on the other hand, and you like a little mystery sprinkled on top then The Witness is definitely your jam."
76561197971364323,Recommended,210970,21881335,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,><> Jesse,"This game is brilliant.  If you like games like Myst (puzzle solving games in a 3D environment on a lonely island) you want this game.  You have to like solving maze-like puzzles, because there are a lot of them.  But with that caution in mind, this not just a ""puzzle game.""  This game has provides a number of ""A-HA!"" epiphany moments, as you unwrap layers, and realise there is more going on than you originally thought.The game is constantly teaching you.  Be observant, and trust that almost everything you see in the world was placed there specifically for a reason.My one bit of advice is, don't get frustrated if a puzzle doesn't make sense, and don't reach for the spoilers just to get through it.  Go elsewhere in the world and work on other puzzles.  Frequently the game will teach you what you need to know and you can come back to the puzzle currently stumping you.  The game is quiet non-linear and very playable ""out of order,"" so enjoy your own personal path through the world.Finally, one warning.  Don't buy the game if you want a straight forward narrative story.  You won't get one.  You will tease out a story from observation, but the game invites interpretation and introspection.Buy it, seriously."
,Recommended,210970,21935743,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Rox,"The Witness is a dreadfully difficult game to review. In part because, as a puzzle game, most of the joy comes from discovery and the understanding of what the game is trying to teach you, and so it is dangerous to say too much... But also because I could write entire essays about why I'm so thrilled about it. I'll try to keep it concise.This is the best puzzle game I've ever played. It is no doubt a worthy and logical successor to Braid, even if the games have nothing in common on a mechanical level. It's downright amazing how elegant the puzzle mechanics are, just how much mileage Mr. Blow and friends got out of them, and how simultaneously intuitive and challenging it can be to grasp them.At this point, if you know that you really do like puzzles, you should probably just buy this game.The biggest praise, coming from me, is that I've ""beaten"" the game several days prior to writing this, but I still don't feel done with it. Whereas something like Antichamber kept my attention for about two hours before losing me, after which I didn't feel engaged to keep trying to find my way through it, and many other puzzle games keep me focused for half the length of the game before impatience and headaches get the better of me and I beeline it to the ending, never looking back, I keep returning to the eerily perfect island of The Witness. Just a few minutes a day, just to wander around and hopefully discover something new. I wish I could explain why I'm not sick of it yet, but I can't. I just know there's more to do, and though I feel frustrated one day for not making progress, I'll come back another time and feel as if it was obvious all along.At this point, if it's the pricetag the worries you, or the concept of a silent world devoid of anything but puzzles and nothing to keep you going, then don't worry. There is plenty of substance to The Witness. Perhaps there won't be an exciting, driving narrative to push you onward, or interesting characters to meet and have demand things of you, but you will find reasons to engage yourself in the world, and plenty of things to discover. If you're anything like me, you won't want to leave until you've unwound every single loose thread you can find. And even the ones you can't. Because it's only a matter of time.Bottom line, I don't think I've ever played a game that has managed to make the simple pleasures of discovery and understanding feel so thoroughly rewarding. I don't do ratings, but if I did, this game would get five stars out of five. Puzzles will never be the same."
,Recommended,210970,23942769,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jenck,"Honestly this game is fairly overrated.  The puzzles are all interesting enough but it has a pretty big problem with tutorializing.  Due to the open world nature, you can often stumble into puzzles that you have not been taught.  This can end in three ways: 1) you realize that you have not been taught this puzzle and leave. 2) You beat your head against it untill you give up, then eventually find the tutorial and come back. 3) you figure out the rule, then feel cheated when you evenutally find the intended tutorial.  In this way, while I like the game and recommend it fully to anyone who likes puzzlers, the Witness has a nasty habit of wasting your time.  Boats and platforms take forever to move.  This is a game that does not respect you or care about you.... but it's still good... great puzzles, interesting puzzle types, and a beautiful world.  My only advice: give up on puzzles early."
,Recommended,210970,23968152,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nettle,"Grab your pen and paper! I'm not kidding... This game is enchanting. Once you get a little into the game you'll never look at  walls, trees, clouds, anything the same way again. There is meaning in everything even where you least expect it. I doubt anyone will ever find all of the secrets and easter eggs in this game.Do not look up any puzzle solutions, you will ruin the game for yourself."
76561198031680406,Recommended,210970,29798955,Posted: 9 February,all,civilization,"No game is perfect. This, however, is close.I would recommend this to anyone with an ounce of interest in puzzles.My one objection is about one of the puzzles. I include two spoilers about it:For those who don't mind a hint, a warning without specifics of one phenomenon not to take at face value:There's one puzzle that is simply an exercise is frustration. It has an obvious clue that's a decoy. That wouldn't be a problem if the existence of decoys was a mechanic that the player is eased into like every other mechanic. Sadly the solution is also non-standard.For those who've finished the game, and the developers:This is about the church. The spoiler itself is in another spoiler within this one ten lines below:The shape of rods sticking out of the post facing the church door isn't a branch. It's specific. It's designed, and it's designed too large to be associated with the puzzle behind the door and not too large to be associated with the door. When the player gets the door open only part of the rods are used. That would be okay if it were a tree, because a tree is natural, and bits of trees are used elsewhere. Also when you turn away from the door puzzle the rods are in a precise position with the white (white being the colour of some of the stars) hinge of the door on the other side of the square visible beyond the right end and the edges of the door met neatly. The longer one works on this puzzle the clearer in becomes that the rods should hold the solution to the door puzzle. However, they don't and, as I mentioned above, the concept of a decoy isn't explored elsewhere. The real solution probably isn't even available to the player while all this pondering is going on, making the decoy draconian. It leaves the player with the ability to filter the coloured star shapes on the door numerous ways based on the rods, all of them logical, leading to wasted hours or even days. It's not nice to leave the player mired in that quandary. If it's deliberate it's over the top and cruel. Otherwise it's careless design and maybe a later version should adjust it to remove the decoy – tilting the door puzzle so it doesn't align with the rods might be sufficient to avoid drawing the players in. I'm sure some lucky players didn't even spot the rods before the door was open, but that's not going to be everyone, so as it stands it's disproportionately difficult."
,Recommended,210970,29822889,Posted: 10 February,all,DJay32,"One of the best games I've ever played. A pure puzzle game-- only play if you really like puzzles, in their most abstract form as well as ones that are intrinsically related to their environment. It took me 30 hours to get the first achievement. Runs even on my fairly dated laptop.If you're willing to learn about geology and industry and all that jazz in your spare time, you can even find a surprisingly rich backstory. If you like symbolism, you're in for a treat. If you like experimenting and learning for their own sake, oh you will have fun. If you like looking up walkthroughs, do your best to abstain-- just keep trying, isolate yourself, take a walk (in-game or otherwise) and come back. Look up hints if you must. Recommended with headphones especially and with expectations absent.If you didn't like Braid (developer's previous game), if you want regular alerts that you're on the right track, if you simply don't have the time to invest many hours in exploring and thinking about an isolated island, you won't enjoy this. Which is fair enough, more power to you.If you're undecided, wait for it to go on sale. If you're unsure if your computer will run it but you happen to own an Xbox One or a PS4, go with one of those versions. The game's coming to iOS soon too, apparently."
76561197970724876,Not Recommended,210970,32329766,Posted: 10 June,all,Curllee,"Can I get a refund on my 65 hours?No denying this game has some good puzzles which legitimately test your logical thinking.  But it has many bad ones too, which require more patience and luck than logic.  I consulted the internet for hints only on a couple puzzles, I guess I am a glutton for punishment.  A few I spent hours on until solving on my own.  When stuck, you often have to walk away and explore the island more which may give you hints clear from the opposite side of the island.  The map desperately needs fast travel to visited spots.  Instead, it only has a stupid boat that circles the island.The environment is overhyped, not as ""beautiful"" as the hype claims.  The graphics are dated, with very lowpar textures.  Most of it is pointless anyway, and filled with dead end paths that add nothing to the game but frustration from wasting time.  Exploration seldom pays off.  The little audio recordings scattered around the island are not worth the effort.  Only few puzzles actually use the environment to provide clues.After 65 long hours of more disappointment than rewarding effort,  the game gives you the most unsatisfying game endings in history.  Spoiler (can you really spoil a horrible ending?):  the ending just flies you around the island showing you all the places you already visited and had spent long hours.   Gee thanks. . . can I get a refund on my time?(and the secret ending is no consolation. it is more like an easter egg than an ending, and does not give a satistying conclusion either.)"
76561197993264948,Recommended,210970,21673336,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,solu,At first I was a bit skeptical of the witness’s puzzle mechanic. The game starts out with very basic line puzzles and I thought it would just dial up the difficulty as time went on - I was wrong. The game expands off of the puzzle board into the world in ways that I would have never imagined. That aha' moment when you discover a new puzzle mechanic is at first a fleeting experience but at the end of the game you are just absolutely swimming in it. You begin to see lines everywhere connecting everything from the physical to the philosophical. I really loved it.It's hard to discuss in depth without giving too much away so I just want to say bravo to these guys for creating a truly beautiful and memorable experience.
,Recommended,210970,21678276,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,'JCS,"It's an island full of puzzles where you are dropped right at the beginning of the game.Much like The Myst, but don't expect any of that.It's REALLY NOT MYST!The puzzles all use the grid panels you see in the screenshots, and you'll learn their rules as you go. You will fail and that's ok, using guides will take the fun of discovery away.Play it with time, don't rush. There are lot of little details and perspective tricks that will make it worth. Again, discovery is the key of fun.About the plot, there are audio recordings around the island that should help you getting the story behind the game. Everything will make sense at the end. Everything will look more amazing when you understand it all.If I have anything against this game is about the sound-based puzzles, specially the birds.♥♥♥♥ the birds"
,Recommended,210970,22619479,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Chish,"A gorgeous game that doesn't hold your hand. The Witness feels very similar to MYST. It makes you feel alone but not lonely. It makes you feel a need to explore without making you feel trapped. The puzzles are not TOO hard provided you don't try to solve the hardest ones first, but there are several that provide quite a challenge. The game provides very intelligent ways for you to find hints on your own. You are never trapped in one area. The story is not as rich as I'd like, but overall it's a great game."
,Recommended,210970,22138265,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,regular old Plumbus,"I had this game in my wishlist before it came out. The videos looked amazing and the puzzles (the few I had seen) looked promising. When it was released, I hesitated to pay that amount of money that basically everyone is complaining about. But after I watched the first 5 minutes of a ""let's play"" video, I was hooked. And let me tell you this: don't complain about the money, just buy it. You wont regret it.This game is beautiful. The colors, the style, the environment, the atmosphere it drops you into. You're alone on an island and you have no idea why. Or who you are. Or what's going on. When you start to play, you will run into some basic puzzles. Then you encounter one that contains a load of elements that you don't know. Guess you will have to come back later?The game teaches you these elements step by step. Sometimes that learning experience will melt your brain. Then you get it and that's awesome. And then the next puzzle will make you feel like an idiot again. The puzzles are never unfair though, they get harder continuously. And suddenly, the puzzle panels themselves are not everything you have to look at.This game has so many great moments that make your jaw drop that you can't even describe them. Also it would be ""spoilery"" as hell.Many people have complained about The Witness being a simple puzzle game. The only explanation for a statement like this would be to play the game for only 30 minutes. I seriously have no idea why anybody would write something like that. Other than getting your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review published before the competition does.I do admit the price made me back off at first. But this is awesome entertainment. I'm not finished yet and I'm 32 hours in. The game offers you a lot. The island is designed beautifully. There are so many places that are designed beautifully without having to do with the rest of the game. The environment is pure art.If this review somehow convinced you to play this game: Don't play alone! Get a friend so you can think loud and let your friend play when your brain is overheating. Also: awesome relationship bonding material. If you're into that stuff."
,Not Recommended,210970,28417081,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alecus,"$40?Not worth it.The puzzles are hard, boring, and have no real reward.There's no story.Besides being beautiful, there's not a huge attraction to this game.I like puzzle games, and this one is alright, for a short while, then it get really confusing.I wish there was a middle option, like with so many of my reviews, but there is not, so I will just put no."
,Recommended,210970,21403955,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ZackBellGames,"Th Witness is a difficult game to talk about, but I am comfortable saying that it has been my favorite game this year and quite possibly my favorite game of all time (certainly in my top ten).Aside from ""I hate puzzle games"" and ""There is no plot"", most players who down vote this game do so because they lack whatever quality it is that would give them the big ""ah-ha"" moment. The Witness is just that: one big ah-ha moment. If something doesn't click for you and/or you get frustrated easily, The Witness may not be for you.For me, The Witness never went beyond your typical ""difficult"". It started easy, got harder, and challenged me to think outside of the box, but I never had to stop. I never really left an area stumped to return to it later. The ah-ha moment typically came between 10-15 minutes each time I was stuck. This created a VERY positive feedback loop for me as a player.But anyway, here are some recommendations if you want to give The Witness a chance:1) Play with a friend. I played with a fellow developer. Perhaps the fact that we are game designers helped, but if one of us got lost, the other person usually caught the solution right away. It was very seldom that we were both confused.2) Accept that not every area is required in order to complete the game. I have a very busy schedule and have yet to 100% the game. Only seven of eleven main areas are required (any seven) to view the game's ending. Many have complained that Blow did not work to accommodate the visually or hearing impaired. Puzzles like this are NOT required and he claims to have even worked hard to try to include a puzzle that was only accessible to the color-blind (sadly it didn't make the cut due to the large gamma differences across displays).3) Sleep on it. The ah-ha moment is what you're after. The puzzles are almost never any more difficult than the previous puzzles (to an extent). A fresh mind and a change of perspective can help.4) If all else fails, take it to paper. A lot of friends made paper models to work out some of the more difficult puzzles. I believe that my friend and I only had a sheet or two of paper notes, but I am assuming that we weren't the norm.Aside from all of that, the game is beautifully designed. Many, many memorable moments and puzzles. Great visual and audio design for a game that can seem so constrained by the overall plot/setting. A remarkable experience, in my opinion.My first Steam review and my first 10/10 in quite some time."
,Recommended,210970,21635508,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Surter,"Witness: Puzzle Dark SoulsMan, this game is fantastic!  Big fan of puzzle games from Myst, Riven, Journey Man Project, 7th Guest all the way up to the new puzzlers: Talos, Portal, Kairo, Antichamber, etc.  This is top 10 adventure/puzzle games easy.Massive amount of content, 600+ puzzles, and I'm still trucking on with some puzzles left 80+ hours.As for the backlash, well........it's pretty clear that the new generation of non-puzzlers have arrived; this is to be a rude awakening - it's definitely as hard as some of the old school adventure/puzzle games without the pixel hunting.I plowed through the content with very few roadblocks although the extra puzzles will easily double the time of what is essentially a 40 hour full completion of the basic puzzles.To the downvoters - you knew it wasn't Call of Duty.  Can't believe the flack this incredible game is getting.  Was the same with Dark Souls if I remember - harder gameplay = breakdowns.  And what is this need for a plot? Jesus.  I have yet to make any sense out of the story/plot - because there isn't any - you're trying too hard.What's with the complaining about the puzzles? It's a puzzle game.  Hard to believe that getting stuck on a puzzle for longer than 10 minutes doesn't count as content any more.  I ran a dark souls boss for 5 hours until I nailed it.  Your weak! Weak!  Puzzle games aren't for the whiny or those who don't find puzzles entertaining - may want to stick with Uncharted, you filthy casual.  I kid. I kid.Most fun I""ve had in ages.  It's the ship door next. Gulp."
76561198012356748,Recommended,210970,22018453,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Hachi,"You can pretty clearly tell Jonathan Blow spent 7 years developing this game. The has countless tiny details, almost as many as there are puzzles. The art is simple and beautiful. It sort of has a calming effect while the puzzles fry your brain and frustrate you, kind of like sweet and sour although that may be a stretch.The puzzles are incredibly creative. I've never been so immersed in a puzzle game before (it helps that it's in first person perspective). Buy this game if you want to punish your brain and you have a lot of spare time."
,Not Recommended,210970,30052014,Posted: 19 February,all,a/c,"this is a series of boring, repetitive puzzles in a limited ""open world"" that will neither challenge nor surprise anyone with a brain capacity larger than that of a cactus. the game's description is incredibly misleading. there will be no clues, you will regain no memory, and you certainly won't find any path home. this game has no basis or story, but rather a thoughtless grind of countless filler puzzles containing near-identical ideas and concepts. the developers accommodate for this lack of plot by basing their whole game around the ""deep"" meaning of perspective. there may be brief moments of the game where there is something to do with ""perspective"", in which you'll say to yourself ""wow, this is fairly well-made for pretentious developers who try and force a 'deeper meaning' to their heavily flawed monotonous game."" but then, it's straight back to filler line puzzles. to add on to the puzzles, your movement speed is seriously capped considering there is a humongous island to accommadate for. in retrospect, this game is a massive pile of♥♥♥♥♥and should be avoided at all cost."
,Recommended,210970,25153626,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Just_Some_Poor_Ass_Kid,A game with tear-jerkingly beautiful visuals and rage-inducing puzzles.
,Recommended,210970,34343517,Posted: 18 August,all,WULFENiTE,Fun puzzle game to pass time. Finding it to be very addicting.
,Recommended,210970,32158478,Posted: 3 June,all,Womba,The puzzles are simple but challenging. And they find ways to stretch the boundaries of them. But what I love about this game is the atmosphere. The graphics are beautiful; the colors are bright; each section of the island has a little mystery to it. I wish I could live on the island.
,Not Recommended,210970,34304325,Posted: 17 August,all,cowbomb28,"Note: I didn't give this game a thumbs down because it was bad. I personally enjoyed this game. I only gave it a thumbs down because I don't recommend this to anyone who has no idea what they're actually playing. If you are aware of what's actually in store, buy it!This game is about exploring an island and solving line puzzles. That's it!The game is very creative with it's puzzles. You immediately start the game with no menu, it just loads up and you solve the first set of puzzles. Once you've done the first area, you are free to explore the island and solve the puzzles. The game introduces you to this complicated puzzle with different types of puzzle features you haven't seen before. This gives the player the idea that he can't solve this puzzle. You see two sets of puzzles with the two puzzle features in the previous puzzle which you use to solve it. Some puzzles use the environment like one in a desert temple or a monastery where you use the patterns and trees to guide yourself to solve the puzzles. However when I finished the desert temple, I stumbled across the quarry area where there were these tetris pieces which I had no ♥♥♥♥ing clue how to solve. The game doesn't tell you which areas to go to first. The tetris pieces are introduced to the player well in the marsh area.This game fails to guide the player how to do things. Players are left to figure things out for themselves which is where things fall flat. Areas that I did enjoy were The Keep and The Mountain and the Monastery.I love this game and I hate this game. I do not reccomend this to anyone unless you know what you're getting yourself into. There is no story, it's just an open world with line puzzles. That's it! I only bought it because it was 66% off."
,Recommended,210970,20837335,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Lewbylews6,"""The Witness"" is a visually astonishing game, not a single fault found with the graphics but as many people know its not just the graphics makes a good game right? As for the Audio, well, there really isn't much to talk about here as there isn't much to listen to in the game as far as I know, there are Audio Logs that can be found scattered around the land but even then they don't tell you much if anything about the backstory of this game. The one positive about the Audio is Very Meaty footsteps that are needed to solve some puzzles.Now for the Puzzles, The puzzles are original and can get very complex very fast with new mechanics around every corner and very little to no help solving them, however they are possible after a few failed attempts. What this game does with perspective is extremely clever and it can really make you think outside the box, yet, that said some of the ""Forced Perspective"" puzzles can be quite tricky getting into the right place to solve but not impossible.As for the mood of the game it is calming and stress free mostly however, it can make you feel like a complete idiot by not seeing the larger picture but then again it does feel very satifying once you have cracked a puzzle that has been fustrating you for quite a while.Now for what some people look for in these types of games, The Story. I can't comment on the story just yet as im only 5 hours in but from that 5 hours of solving puzzles and wandering the land I can say that there isn't much of a story, You wake up in a tunnel and thats pretty much all your told, The audio logs are just Quotes from famous people and tell very little of the story and I haven't found anything that tells me what happened to the ""Others"" or what will happen once I solve the ""Final"" puzzle.TL:DR  Amazing Graphics, Very fun and original puzles, Not much of a story, Not much audio but still pretty good. I recommend this game to anybody that wants a good puzzle to solve."
,Recommended,210970,22374666,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ShinHito,"The Witness is a beguiling game of deceptive simplicity. You'll see a lot of criticism aimed at it from people who have only scratched the surface of the game distiling the game down to ""just tracing line puzzles"". While it is true a large selection of the game are maze-like puzzles where you attempt to trace one unbroken line to the end without overlapping itself, the variations on this are vast and fascinating. Whie traversing this beautifully constructed digital island you unravel the various ruleset of these puzzles with non-verbal communication. This game has a lot more in common with the Cyan Worlds games (Myst, Riven, etc.) but instead of pushing an archaic, aging button to activate a portion of a puzzle like in Myst, The Witness unifies all contraptions into a unified puzzle language which serves to thematically tie all puzzles together.But the true beauty is in the story and narrative provided. You have to work hard in order to piece together the ""story"" of this place you find yourself in, but its a grand combination of philosophies from a myriad of schools of thought presented in a way that only video/computer games can provide. The story being told in The Witness isn't one of sci-fi mysticism, but instead the story presented wants you to meet it more than halfway. It wants to hear your own ideas and preceptions as much as it wants to present its own.This is also a hard game to talk about without giving away a lot of what makes it so special, and that discovery is a large part of its genius. So $39.99 is really a cheap ticket of entry for an experience that is priceless, but I also realize that the experience isn't for everyone but it was definitely an experience I enjoyed thoroughly."
76561198029123931,Recommended,210970,20885570,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kippy,"Highly recommend. Amazingly polished game, you can see the hard work the dev team put in. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,210970,31057933,Posted: 10 April,all,Jill van der Meer,"The game is boring, simply put, and not worth the 36,99€ it's being sold for. I bought the game for 50 percent off in hopes of getting a challenging, fun and rewarding puzzle game with a story. What I got was a challenging, not-so-rewarding puzzle game without a clear story — at least not in the very beginning. A game is supposed to suck you in within the first few moments, and The Witness didn't do that for me. If I pay close to 40 Euros for a game, I'm not going to wait too long for the excitement and fun to begin.The puzzles are somewhat repetitive, and even though some of the more challenging ones gave a rewarding feeling after finally solving them, it didn't quite feel worth it.Unless you're an elderly person wanting to battle Alzheimers and connect to the youth by playing video games at the same times, this game probably isn't for you. Perhaps it would work better as a mobile game?"
,Not Recommended,210970,34329225,Posted: 18 August,all,pango,"You can't reconfigure the controls. There is no excuse for such an omission in a commercial PC game, especially one as expensive as this."
76561197998836780,Recommended,210970,34625535,Posted: 30 August,all,bl_5ca,"Beautiful puzzle game. You play on an island, literally every square foot of it feels well thought through, you find unexpected new places all the time. Only flaw is a lack of actual story. This game is well on the level with Talos Principle and Portal, but the latter ones had a clear story, so they were more interesting in this sense."
,Recommended,210970,26094037,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,willcraft,"Extremely difficult game. Tons of thinking to be done, but still very enjoyable.Wish the story was more fleshed out when finishing up the game."
,Recommended,210970,27600980,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Solar Powered,"For the ridiculous amount of times I freaked out at the ""eureka moments"" this game shovels out, this is my WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE! award nominee."
,Recommended,210970,28085009,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ajan,Oh my god this game is AWESOME!!!
76561198150360209,Recommended,210970,27657806,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alchemist,really strange and difficult but fun and challenging if you have the patience
,Recommended,210970,28062679,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Spirosity,Simply the best puzzle game I have ever played.
76561198002381509,Recommended,210970,27602349,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shoelace,10/10 would fill my notepad full of grids and scribbles agian
,Recommended,210970,25817097,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Zen Frogs Only,"Although it may be slightly too long for its own good, The Witness is otherwise subtle, nuanced, and masterfully executed. You should play this."
,Recommended,210970,27581405,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chris,Best puzzle game of 2016.Makes me wish there was a way to enjoy it all again for the first time.
,Recommended,210970,27603607,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,qWAngy,Amazing puzzles that will keep you coming back for more and more.
76561198041050573,Recommended,210970,28027171,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sleeping Bear,"Best puzzle game in a long time. It does however lack a compelling narrative, thus relying on its zen-garden like qualities to carry the player through the world."
,Recommended,210970,28027807,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sassafrass,It is a good game.
,Recommended,210970,28039361,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ryphon,Fantastic puzzles that get you thinking. Smash your head on the keyboard but rejoice when you finally solve some of the best crafted puzzles in a game.
76561198053574030,Recommended,210970,28063265,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MisterTea68,A really great puzzle game with an interesting atmosphere. There is a lot to explore and the end gives a surprise.
76561198208900483,Recommended,210970,29524275,Posted: 27 January,all,guy25,"I really liked the game.but there's some things I want to say:1.It's a hard game...2.It's not a game really for relaxetion, its more a ""thinking hard"" game...but over all I really enjoyed The Witness! :)"
76561198010198617,Recommended,210970,27986447,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hippiecab,This is a relaxing mindbender. I recommend it!
76561197993755170,Recommended,210970,20844243,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,devisser,"The puzzles are well crafted and clever. The game has a very defined structure, which does a good job of indicating how far through you are, and what is side content, and what it part of the mainline."
,Recommended,210970,23161612,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,420Clouds_,This is a very nice puzzle game and very self explainatory. It's really fun.
,Recommended,210970,20776332,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,YE,open-world puzzle game that focuses on freedom of choice when it comes to which puzzle you do.teaches the basics quickly and lets the player pace it for themselves.i just wanted to give it a positive review.here it is.why does steam force you to write a review?
,Recommended,210970,20799778,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,byte0xFF,"This game is a challenge, and it is a good challenge.  You need to explore, and be patient.  You need to think hard, and remember what you've learned in detail.GameplayThe Witness doesn't explain anything, so you have to figure out everything on your own.  The Witness is filled with tutorials which explain game mechanics, but you have to discover them.  They don't look any different than any other puzzle.Between the 30 minute and the 2 hour mark, The Witness can be confusing and overwhelming, but it is supposed to be this way.  If you push on, and figure out what you can about the way the world works, you are in for a great time.ArtThe Witness has a beautiful 'brush stroke' art style.  The textures are simplistic, but The Witness compensates with overwhelming color, beautiful environments, and detailed props.  The foliage on plants is some of the prettiest I've ever seen.Music/SoundThere is no music, which at first was alarming.  However, the lack of music actually highlights the incredible sound this game delivers.  The sound design is striking, and powerful.  Doors make deep, resonant clanging noises as they open.  Machines whine and groan as they operate.  There is no shortage of footstep sounds, and each surface you walk on feels unique, and immersive.StoryWhen it comes to writing, and voice acting, The Witness is somewhat similar to The Talos Principle.  It is somewhat abstract and metaphorical.  It 'speaks at a distance'."
,Recommended,210970,20800313,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,a0bad,If you like challenging puzzle games like Talos Principle - buy this game. You won't regret it. Totaly worth every penny!
,Recommended,210970,20859989,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SBC Ryu,masterpiece
,Recommended,210970,20775554,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,GemNinja☯#WalkTheDinosaur,"This game is hard, this isn't a casual puzzle game. If you are willing to learn and bang your head against the wall and curse the developers for their dastardly twists on the puzzles, then you will like this game."
,Recommended,210970,20836905,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,想玩到爆肝,Best puzzle game after portal.
76561197960269504,Recommended,210970,20923698,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,penn,A masterpiece. One of the greatest games I've ever played.
76561198079444224,Recommended,210970,20796915,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Giac,"The witness is great! It took about 2 hours to start to really drag me in, if you decide to get this game don't be too against looking at a guide if you get stuck. It is extremely hard but it rewards taking your time. This game is super fun for any people with analytical minds."
,Recommended,210970,20800733,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Frezol,guuh
76561197979438474,Recommended,210970,22152740,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Zednaught,"The Witness is one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. It's a challenging puzzle game, yet like the best puzzle games, it makes the player feel like a genius for solving its puzzles, and it was never frustrating.It's a masterpiece for how a single mechanic can still teach and feel rewarding after 40 hours. This mechanic, essentially drawing colored lines on a grid, is made constantly fresh by introducing new rules to the player for solving these puzzles. In fact, the biggest challenge is often simply figuring out what the rules for each puzzle element are. Often, careful observation of the environment is required, as visual and audio clues may guide you to a solution.The game takes place on a beautiful, deserted island. It's rich in color, and yours to explore, almost in its entirety, from the moment you start. What works so well about the puzzle solving is that when you get stuck, and you often will, you can simply go to another area and try new puzzles there. You can skip many of the puzzles and still complete the game. Exploring one part of the island sometimes reveals a way to solve another puzzle that you couldn't figure out. Sometimes, the quiet, contemplative nature of the island puts you in the right frame of mind to solve another puzzle.Perspective, finally, is another major feature of the game, and when I finally saw it clicking in the puzzle and in the world itself, I was amazed.I was worried that the story would rub me the wrong way, as the developer's previous game had quite a few pretentious story elements (and one very clever twist). Here, though, all the written or spoken story elements are more or less optional. There are hidden audio and visual clips to be found or unlocked. I never felt like there was some hidden meaning that was being kept from me; rather, they were all interesting moments that I was free to interpret as I choose. I did feel that there were one or two major themes of the game, but it's left up to the player's own interpretation.The Witness smoothly teaches its mechanics to the player, and without needing words it does this teaching in a way that makes it feel like a discovery that the player made, not something explicitly authored by the developer. Out hundreds of puzzles solved, only a couple felt unfair to me.I strongly recommend The Witness for the meditative calm  of its aesthetics and the feeling of quiet success that comes from its excellent puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,20902082,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,udha,"Should you play The Witness?ˈ̮̯͈̦̱̣̩̟͇̿̐̓̾̎͊ͧ͞͞ṗ̵̗̯͕͕͔̮̠̫͒̂̋͞ʌ̡̣̱̈́̇z̰͚̥͕̤̒̊̓͢͝(̜̘̃̑̏̊ə̡͈͎̪͖̠̦ͨ̒͒ͦ͛̌͗)̧̘͙̦͔̳̓ͩ̐ͩͤ̆̀l͔̦̦̯̲̦̽ͪ̉̊̄͘͞/ͣͮ͗ͦ͏̠̦̰͓̰̲̯̪̟͛̓̅ͤͩ͂͊̕n̵͔̫̞̫̳͍͔̏͊ͭ̇ͪ̚o̶̹͙̰̯ͥ̊ͧ̊̽̈͗u̱̮̿̂̏ͣ̋̒̋̾̀n̵̺̠̟̭̝̥̬͈̭̘̾̓͊̀͆ͮͩͭ̅1̌͂͆̈̂͏̶͏͎̰̼̺.̸̲̖̜̞̩̼̥̩̲̰͖ͮ͛ͦ͌̈̽ͧ͛̌̓̇̕͠â͚̫̦̪̞̥̟ͬ͗̅ ͔̬͓̘̩̝͐̓ͦ̈́̔́͛͘͠ͅg̰̲̈̏͢͢ȃ̶̗̬̺ͣͬͪ̍̂̆͠m̯̼͉̑̔ͤ̂ͫ̕͟͡é̊̏̀̇͏̬̩,̵̧͈̲̫̩̥͙͉̄ͭ̋̄̌͡ ̗̲͌̇͋ͤͣ̅ͤͮt͚̘̦͈̝͈͙̐ͦ̽̾͡ŏ̰̗̘̭̝̭̾͆̋̾͑̉͛̚͝͠ͅỳ̩̜͚͙̟̐́,̶̡̪̣͕͈͋̄̓͜ͅ ̙̰̪͈̯ͣͭͯͬ͐͋͜o̞̣̬̲̫̔ͧͣ̐ͅr̸̦̝̩̭̭ͤ̀͝ ̟̗̥̩͆͐̊ͩ͟p̘̲̼͇̲̊̅̐̂͠r̴̵͉̞̦̓̌̀ỏ͇̤̥̮͍̟̗͒̔ͤ͑ͦb̵͇͇̝̞͎͖͊̇l̶̙͇̬͍͍̮ͮe̖͉̲̹̐̕m̤͉̤̩͕ͦͮ͞ ̸͎̫̜̜̤͎̱̍̀ͦ͂̒d̃͒̔̏͂͘҉̣̼̘̼̘͓͍̜e̬̽ͩ̂̐̽́͜ṡ̺̫̪̏̆i̞̫͈̋͂̈̾͛̌g̛͚͎̻͆̏ͨ̓ͩ͊ͭ̕n̨̻͉̱̙̏ͩ͋͟e̓͑̀̑͏̟̠͍͙d̛̹͙̲̻̀͛̕ ̛̪͙̘͖͇̯̈ͯt̸͑̎͑ͫ̉̽͂͏̪̯o̸͚̦̥͌ͩ̈́̿̿ͤͣ̒͠ͅ ̭͔̻͕͛̍̇̏̇ͦͧţ̫͖̜͎̝͓̭̻ͥ̍ͥͅe̯͇̥͓̖ͣ̃͞s̴̢͔̠̞͍̳͓̹̅̅͡t̷̨̹̐͜ ̢̍̆̈̉̀͏̥ĭ̵̛͇͗̎̅̈́ͣ̚͢ͅn̶̶̟̩͕̘̘̣̙ͭ̐ͭ͐̓ģ̨̹͇̣̍̈́̃ͨ́e̶̛̫̻̤͓ͩ͑̋̔n͈̯̼͈̲̭͇̥̺̈́̕̕u̝͓͉̺̬ͤͦͫͫͥ͂͘͠i̡̖͖͇̔͑̋͌͛ͭ̍t̢͎ͭ͂ͭ́ͦ̅̑̌̀͜ẙ̵̸̭̙͓̱̝͕̏̽ͦͫ̊ͫ̌ ̷̧̟̤̩̱̏̐̑̾̄̑ͩ͟o͚̘͍͌́͛͐ͧͮ͘r̊̃͏̸͕̜̣̺͝ ̴̯̗̮̼̓̏͛͋̚͟k̨̘̝̖̱̻̼͙̯̑͋̈́ͧ̄ͫn̵͔͈̮͖͕̠͙ͩ̊͋͊ͪ̚ͅo͎̫̬̯̼̘̥̖͈͌̔̈̓ͮͭ̃͒́͘w̹̩̉̽̐̔̈̆ľ̸̞̮̙̳͆ͣ̑́͝ͅeͥ̈́͆ͬ̑͏̩͔̻̥͉͈ḏ̨̲̳̺̩̭̜̊̿ͨ͌g̸̸͕͎ͥ͐ę̤̜̭͎͔̯͕̘ͧ̎ͨ̎̌̀͜.̨͙̹̀̂̉̉"
,Recommended,210970,22078182,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Naytron,"The Witness is truly a wonder of unified game design. Every aspect -- art, mechanics, audio, pacing, visual narrative, teaching -- is designed with regard to, and to work with, each of the others to lead the player toward the conclusions that drive the experience. It fully explores the mechanics involved, in ways that are simultaneously unexpected and completely natural.This is the single best puzzle game I've ever played; it's probably one of the best puzzle games ever made."
,Recommended,210970,21080740,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,KerneL-Umaroth,"Never have i stared at my PC, waiting.......nay hoping for a spark in my brain to happen.......still waiting."
76561197969159569,Recommended,210970,21688360,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HappyFace,"Absolutely loved this game! One of the few ones in a long time i actually couldn't put down and just wanted to finish from the get go.Never ever had the urge to even try and look at a guide or something, even though some puzzles took quite some thinking I never got frustrated. There was no pressure at all, such a peaceful game with a fantastic environment.Even though you get thrown into it with no hand holding nor a clear direction of where to go or what is going on, it doesn't matter. Just pick a route and see where it leads you and solve the puzzles you find (or move to other ones if you are confused and return to them at a later point). There is no correct order. Its was such a refreshing experience.Tons of clever puzzles, the only ones I disliked were probably 2-3 of the audio ones.The only negative thing in my opinion is that you dont have to complete all the puzzles to finish the game. I really really really wanted to complete the last few puzzles i left out along the way only to realize that the game resets after you finish it. That was a let down for me. Hate leaving things undone. So if you are like me then make sure to complete everything before you start the puzzles at the mountain top! I might have to replay part of it just to get them done :)"
,Recommended,210970,21841346,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,dizzy dizzy dizzy,"people who are saying that there isn't a story to the witnesshaven't beaten the game.oh, sure, they'veachieved a particular ending to the gamebut myst, persona 4, and resident evil should've taught youthat one ending isn't the same as every ending.i'm not debating or making an argument. this is literally true.now, whether or not the final plot that is revealed to you is interesting is a more personal question. but this game has many, many secrets."
,Recommended,210970,22081240,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Bodomi,"Both a very good puzzle game and a beautiful world, a very nice,artsyand atmospheric walking simulator+puzzle game.Firstly, let me point out 2 major flaws, this game might come off as deaf friendly and colour-blind friendly, but it is not.A very large amount of the puzzles are colour based, and the game does not have a colour-blind mode.1 Section of the game requires your ears, but to be honest you can just look up a tutorial for those puzzles, only a very small percentage of the puzzles require your ears. So it shouldn't be that big of a problem.Now, let me get into the game, firstly, the quality of the actual puzzles.They are great. They are just the right amount of challenging and they keep you engaged, and at least for me personally they didn't bore me. But, if you pay no attention and just try to blast through it you will most likely have troubles, you are in some way or another told subtly how all the different puzzles wok, but if you do not pay attention to those tips you will be clueless.When you solve the more harder puzzles you get a good feeling, you feel smart, and rightfully so.The art style, the actual world is beautiful. If you enjoy looking at games like these for the art, the scenery and the atmospheric vibe, that might be the big selling point for you, forget the puzzles, get your screenshot button ready.If you're going to 100% this game without looking up guides you will net maybe 40-50 hours, and you will enjoy every second of it, when you're blasting through puzzles in one area you feel great and you're having fun, when you're stuck on a puzzle, learn to not be angry, learn to sit back and reflect on the scenery of the world while you try to figure it out.The game is extremely good.9/10, a must buy for any puzzle fanatic or walking simulator fanatic.But, let me say again, I am extremely disappointed that there is no colour blind mode for this game, that is absolutely ridiculous."
,Recommended,210970,21095663,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,JRNootz,"If you like really hard puzzle games, this is not for you. If you, are like me, and enjoy challenging, but not impossible puzzle games that look gorgeous...this is for you."
,Recommended,210970,22146081,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Super Bingdo Babo,This game resolves every single issue I didn't know I had with puzzle games.Normal Puzzle Games:The why is unsatisfactory.The how is just a frustrating time waste.The Witness:The why is sooo satisfying.The how feels zen.I remember playing this game as a child.Jon Blo' u a genius.
76561198005538272,Recommended,210970,20802950,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Silixtime,"Great Game, so many intricate details, the sound, if unusually, used in a great way.The puzzles are simple but to understand them, get into them alot of investment is needed and thats fun.And to top it of it looks gorgeous.Also sooo much hidden stuff."
76561198121865533,Recommended,210970,29986903,Posted: 17 February,all,xiAoasals,It's make your brain active :)
76561197965177315,Recommended,210970,27810118,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,twitch/khaddy42,Best puzzle experience I've ever had!The kind of experience you want to forget so you can experience it again for the first time <3
76561198279204238,Not Recommended,210970,34808975,Posted: 7 September,all,maozkov,"I made it to what I think is around either halfway or the 2/3 mark. I hit a hump in the puzzles, but didn't care to keep at them to move on.It's not terrible, but the price is absolutely unjustified, and the presentation is a bit of a tease. I was expecting a Myst-like, environmental puzzler, but instead what I got was a very simple iOS-style puzzler wrapped in a virtual island package. After playing for some 10 hours, there's no story developed whatsoever, and literally ALL of the puzzles are the same type of elaborate X's and O's puzzle.I feel ripped off, even having bought this on sale, and I have no idea why there is this positive reception."
,Recommended,210970,31395212,Posted: 27 April,all,Afterglow,"I loved playing this game.  Its normal puzzles range from good to VERY clever.  As you may already know, the puzzles always involve tracing a line from the big dot, to the end.  Starts off as simple mazes, then mechanics get added so that they are no longer mazes at all.  Each section of the island has its own mechanic that it introduces, but you'll also find puzzle that blend mechanics together as you go into more challenging sections.  Everything that is introduced is done so completely organically, there is absolutely NO text in this game, and the only ""tutorial"" you have is solving simple versions of puzzle that introduce mechanics and scaling up the complexity naturally as you go.Some are stand-alone puzzles contained only to their flat panels, but many of them incorporate the world around you in different ways, depending on which area of the island you're in.  At that point the puzzle becomes figuring out how THAT works, how to use the surroundings to help you figure out this puzzle's solution.But my favourite thing about it was finding secrets unlike secrets I've ever seen in a game before.Here's a cool experience I had while playing the game, that also explains how these secret ""environmental puzzles"" work.  Might spoil it a little bit if you want to discover how they work for yourself, though.  Just a warning!So I'm playing the game and find one of the game's many hidden audio logs, which contain thought-provoking quotes.  I hit play, and listen.https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gGiHutXfUHgAnd after that, I turn around and find a weird shape in the trees, or rather the space between the trees.  So I adjust my angle for a while, stepping to the right a bit, then back a bit, shimmy over a little more, and...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=899924828that totally reinforces what I just heard.In case it's not clear, the dot-and-line looks just like one of the puzzle panels, but more squiggly, without a grid.  You can also trace these to solve them (I picture it as closing one eye and tracing in the air with your finger), as long as you have found just the right spot in 3D space to make the line totally complete from your point of view.  Hunting for these unique environmental puzzles was a lot of fun for me.  They use countless different kinds of natural objects (outdoors and indoors) to form these shapes, hidden in plain sight."
,Recommended,210970,31927153,Posted: 23 May,all,Gravy,"The puzzles are fun, the ending and pretentiousness are trash. Play this game only if you're interested in the puzzle aspect. If you expect any sort of decent story you're out of luck."
,Recommended,210970,33621886,Posted: 17 July,all,Kuraishi,"Such a wonderful game, the flower color puzzles were some of the most creative and interesting parts of the game (sorry if you're colorblind, they're optional though). I loved every minute of this game, simple mechanics streched to their limits, but there so much space to explore you can find other puzzles to work on while you figure out how some mechanics work."
,Recommended,210970,31206500,Posted: 17 April,all,Ircza The Prophet,Love it.
,Recommended,210970,20807395,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,smcunni,"I'll admit that I'm not done with this game, as I'm sure many aren't either. At about 25 hours in, this is a game about trying to do puzzles, finding out why your answer is wrong, and learning all of the rules of the puzzles. I've never gotten to a puzzle that I couldn't finish because of this. Sometimes it takes pulling out a whiteboard and drawing potential paths, but this game never breaks its own rules and that's paramount in puzzle games.This is a game that rewards  you, not only for concentration, but a serendipitious curiosity that is rare in new games. This game asks you to, above all else, exist on this island."
,Recommended,210970,21014361,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zifre,"This game had me seeing puzzles hours after finishing playing... buy it, it's goooood!"
,Recommended,210970,21018749,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cerebral_Discharge,"It's a minimalist Myst-meets-Talos Principle. Beyond that I suggeest you try to go in blind. If you get stuck, go somehwere else and come back later. If you're really having trouble, turn off the game and play another day. Keep at it, explore, be observant and aware. If you like puzzles, if you like exploring, if you can take it slow, you'll probably enjoy this game. If you prefer games with a faster pace, this isn't bad but it isn't for you."
76561197963410202,Recommended,210970,21022937,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Juvois,This is a good game and well worth playing. As a critique I would say that is far too long though. I enjoyed for the first 10h after this I just wanted to wrap it up and most of the joy was gone. I think it would have made sense to drop 75% or so of the puzzles that didn't really make use of the gorgeous world and mainly just acted as fillers.
,Recommended,210970,21024134,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lukeus_Maximus,"This game is both a gigantic puzzle box and a work of art. It's like someone has taken a jigsaw puzzle, glued all the pieces to a canvas, framed the result and hung it on the wall. It also leans very heavily to ""the value is in the journey and not the destination""."
,Recommended,210970,21016859,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,kcthebrewer,"The good - There has not been a game like this in a long time/ever that competes with how inventive and genuine the puzzles in this game are.If you are looking for something to throw your time away on and think this is anywhere in the realm of what most mobile games have, this is in a different league.This game is hard.  This game requires a pen/(graph) paper.  There are certain puzzles that you will possibly not ever be able to complete.The bad - the mystery surrounding the game outside the puzzles is not my cup of tea and I feel it breaks immersion instead of enhancing it.  If you are looking for a payoff for the hours you are going to spend on this game, you are not going to find it.Also if you are colorblind, don't even bother."
76561198014555927,Recommended,210970,20798494,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,jakinbandw,"If you enjoy mazes, this is the game for you!There are occasional super difficulty spikes, but over all, the game is well balanced and fun. If, if you enjoy mazes.As someone who does enjoy mazes, I love this game."
,Recommended,210970,20806702,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,WC,"Somewhere around 19-20 hours, I got the 'ending' for the game.  I completed much more than was necessary by then, but there are definitely things in the world that I haven't completed yet.I'm not a fan of the ending.  But I'm still enjoying the game.  Overall, I'd say it's been pretty great.People who don't enjoy pure puzzles will likely not like this game.  It's not a game that rewards you for solving puzzles.  It's a game that throws puzzles at you and the reward is having solved them.  That said, puzzles do prevent you from progressing, so some might consider that a reward, but I'm betting more people don't get the feeling from solving the puzzles.While I could see it taking another 80 hours to finish the rest of the game, it would be incredibly boring if that were the case.  If the rest of the game, as far as I can see, takes another 20 hours, I'd say that's as far as it could stretch and not turn tedious.  And it's quite possible that even that number is optimistic.I consider myself a rather good puzzle solver, and most puzzles didn't take more than 30 seconds to a minute, and many were less than that, even.  Last I checked, I was at like 400-500+ puzzles solved."
76561198011890577,Recommended,210970,20798897,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Smartcartridge,Loved this game! Every puzzle is well crafted with each progression testing your understanding of rules you have to figure out yourself.Some puzzles I draw down on paper and try and work out while awa from the computer. If a game can make me do that its a 10/10
,Recommended,210970,20798932,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,rainwarrior,"Fantastic puzzle game. It might sound strange to say that the game is played entirely through line-through-a-maze transport puzzles, but the variety of ways these puzzles interact with the environment is rather astounding.Beautiful game, very interesting puzzles, very difficult puzzles too (though if you find any too hard, most of them are optional; you can reach the ending by a lot of different routes). The lack of soundtrack is notable, though I suppose it puts an emphasis on the sound effects.Very good game. I'll be playing this one for some time, I'm sure."
76561197995508088,Recommended,210970,29475291,Posted: 24 January,all,The World Is Square,"The Witness is a game about knowledge, exploration, and game theory. As you slowly discover the mechanics which govern its beautifully rendered world, you free yourself from shackles of ignorance you didn't realize you were carrying in the first place.Atmospheric, challenging, but ultimately a bit hollow - The Witness is one of the purest puzzle games ever released."
76561198042511329,Recommended,210970,29464799,Posted: 24 January,all,FaintSpark,I have never really experienced a game like this.Would i recomend it? Highly.Is it for everyone to enjoy? No.A beautiful game with unique puzzles and great quotes throughout history.
76561198053299524,Recommended,210970,23626500,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,biegelk,"First of all, I highly recommend this game. It is bizarre and frustrating and incomprehensible at times, but I can't stop thinking about it. The puzzles can be very difficult, but the game does a good job of leading you up to more and more difficult concepts. One hint for new players--the island feels quite large, but is actually rather small and it's quick to run all the way across. There are many times when you will need to leave a sequence of puzzles unfinished in order to learn something new in another place; rather than cheating, just leave off where you are and try something different for a while.And finally: all panels are puzzles, but not all puzzles are in panels...Amazing game."
76561197999992609,Recommended,210970,29541361,Posted: 28 January,all,我一定会回来的,"Pure genius, beautifully strange graphics, your brain is gonna explode. One of best puzzles i‘ve ever played."
,Recommended,210970,28807154,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Reevn,"Jonathan Blow showed his game dev prowess again by releasing 'The Witness' this year, proving one more time that he deserves the crown when it comes to puzzle games.The Witness is a complex first-person puzzle game where you roam around an island and discover its secrets. On the surface this is a game where you connect dots on monitors scattered around the island, but after a while of playing you realize that it is so much more than that.The controls are simple: You can walk around, interact with monitors and draw lines through mazes, that's it. You might think that just drawing lines through mazes is not enough for a 20-30hour game full of content, but believe me, it is.The attention to detail and love put into the environment (which is part of many puzzles!) is out of this world. The island is HUGE and with time you realize that every little detail could be a clue to a puzzle on the island.If you love putting your brain to work and enjoy being stuck for an hour at one single puzzle, then go ahead and buy this game. It combines simple puzzles with a gorgeous world full of discovery and makes you feel like a genius when solving a particularly hard puzzle.Personally, The Witness is my favorite game of 2016."
,Recommended,210970,20820077,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,HonestAvery,"It's really tough. But pretty fun too, if you like a good challenge. All maze puzzles, but very inspired and creative at times. You'll be tasked to follow a certain set of rules then five puzzles later those rules will be flipped on their head. Then five puzzles after that you'll be using the rules with new rules and it'll be a lot to handle, but you'll overcome and you'll feel great about yourself and your superior genius. Then once you best those puzzles you'll step a few feet and find puzzles you've never seen before and have no idea how to handle. You may or may not cry.I chose not to cry.For real."
,Recommended,210970,21009623,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ｗａｖｅｄａｓｈ,A puzzle game that gets better the more you play.
,Recommended,210970,21051461,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[SeHa] j0bs,"The Witness is, at it's core, a puzzle magazine.The most beautiful, creative, detailed, immersive, intriguing (and, let's be honest, expensive) puzzle magazine I have ever seen.But it's a puzzle magazine.There is no gun. There is no inventory. 100% of your interactions are done by solving increasingly complex maze puzzles of some sort. This could very quickly grow tiresome if not for the absolutely brilliant design behind it all, as the game continuously asks you to understand what makes a solution a solution, then proceeds totwistthat to create something new, again and again and again and again.The puzzles and locations are crafted with an unparalleled amount of detail. Everything has a purpose, and all of the greatest moments in The Witness come around when you realize just that. The game is pretty much guaranteed to put a huge smile in your face at one point or another.But... it's a puzzle magazine.If you are looking for something with a riveting (or, you know,existing) storyline or fast-paced action, this is not it. There'll be better ways to spend $40.If, instead, you are the kind of person who enjoys sitting down and solving puzzles, if you just love the feeling when something *clicks* in your head and suddenly things make sense, then The Witness is without a doubt the game for you."
76561198018889140,Not Recommended,210970,21238948,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,pedrojagua,"The positive:Beautiful environment.good exploration experienceIntroductory puzzles are quite straight forward.The negative:Crappy puzzle design. Almost all puzzles are just a kind of sudoku grid which you need to fill out.It's not always clear what the puzzles involves. Because of a lack of introduction and instructions most of the timeyou end up just guessing random♥♥♥♥♥♥just cause, no real problem solving behind it.Zero dialog and a complete lack of narrative."
,Not Recommended,210970,35481058,Posted: 4 October,all,KungFuOpera,"Steam really does need a ""meh"" option. The puzzle aspect of the Witness is very interesting, and the way it teaches you mechanics is almost brilliant. Except that it's very easy to miss out on things, leaving you to brute force certain puzzles and that gets frustrating. The environment is not used often enough, though when it is it's delightful.What I couldn't get over, though, is how pretentious the game is. Frequently spouting off quotes from other people, philosophers no less, doesn't make the experience more worthwhile. It just makes me roll my eyes really hard."
,Not Recommended,210970,20940494,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,IoN,Game dragged on too long and it's mechanic got old.
,Not Recommended,210970,21223642,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,porusan,"Way too angry and disappointed to write a decent review. But let's just say if you thought the ending of Super Mario Bros 2 was bad, wait until you get to this one."
76561198048553346,Recommended,210970,20793800,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Obsidanse,"A beautiful work which, sadly, is lost to many.Scratch the surface and you may appreciate the visuals but be frustrated by similarities to trendy smart phone games...Keep going and you'll quickly discover the devious complexity of the islands design.Don't look for a story, was one every promised?Don't search for intricacy, let it show itself when it's time.Trust the developer for once people! This game has had a lot of love and attention poured into it."
,Recommended,210970,20799328,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Justifyz,"Gorgeous world, sophisicated puzzles, and a world begging for questions to be answered. Amazing game so far. Can't wait to explore more and uncover secrets."
,Not Recommended,210970,21815089,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,sHeist,"As a fan of puzzle games, I find it hard to recommend The Witness.The price point is very steep, the storyline is very barebones and pretentious, the (normal) ending is a royal kick in the balls, and the rules to new puzzles are often poorly represented. There are even some solutions that require you to take screenshots and solve them outside of the game. I'm not sure about everyone, but I prefer to have all the tools to solve a game within the game itself. I'm not a fan of solutions that break immersion.It's a shame because I would consider myself a fan of Jonathan Blow. Even with the game's faults, the environment is gorgeous with thought provoking set peices. Despite everything feeling 'dead' and 'sterile', there is a persistent sense of mystery that makes you want to explore all that the world has to offer. Every zone has a theme, every theme has a new rule, and every new rule causes you to think differently.On paper, this sounds like a lot of fun, and I would be lying if I said Ididn'thave fun, but in practice this game is designed to be solved very slowly with every zone containing several mental road blocks. While I'm all for challenge in video games, it should not come at the cost of proper pacing. There are quite a few puzzles to solve and though some are genuinely clever, most involve contorting the camera to the 'exact' angle required to complete a path, look at the environment a certain way, see through a specific window, look at just the right reflection, and so on. It gets to be more awkward than enjoyable.If you're a fan of puzzle/artsy games, I would pick this up for a 1/4 of its current price. Everyone else: Avoid."
76561198137793865,Recommended,210970,20876110,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,CatWithGlasses95,"This is an interesting specimen. It's very similar to Myst, in that it's an island filled with puzzles. However, while Myst's puzzles are all combination locks with a note hidden somewhere, The Witness' puzzles all require some serious grey matter.The Witness' gameplay is incredibly simple. A first-person game where you explore an island and solve puzzles. These puzzles all take the form of maze panels. Each maze has a set of different mechanics. These mechanics, depending on where you start, are very simplistic, at first so you can get your bearings and understand how these mechanics work. The mechanics become more and more complicated and even mix into each other.The puzzles are definitely the best part of the game. Not only do they become more complicated, but the way you find the solutions are absolutely mind-boggling. The island is crawling with clues. Not in the form of notes, but in the form of the island's decor. The plants, the rock formations, the architectures...almost everything on the island is a clue. Look closely! These puzzles are incredibly well-designed and implemented.The game is also completely open. Each area of the island is yours to explore. This design choice also benefits the player if they are stuck on a puzzle, allowing them to walk away, clear their heads, and/or look to new puzzles to solve if you want. The game's setting is absolutely beautiful. Each part of the island is completely distinctive and wildly imaginative. A looming fortress, a forest set in eternal autumn, a beautiful orchard, a bamboo forest that could serve as a panda preserve, Journey-esque desert, and many more that I wish to not spoil.I have yet to 100% complete this game, but I'm fully absorbed in it's incredibly complex design.However, this game lacks a story (as far as I know and if it does, please don't spoil it for me). The game has several audio logs scattered about, but they're all real-world quotes that have no context.This game leaves me feeling both befuddled, confused, frustrated, and fulfilled when I find the solution (Though, I often need a pad of graph paper on-hand. In fact, I have a pad specifically for this game. The puzzles are extremely well designed, they're simple to complete, yet complex in execution, and absolutely beautiful to look at. If you're a fan of deep, intricate games, I highly recommend it"
76561198025321433,Recommended,210970,20783365,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,American Currency,"Edit: A more in depth review, now that I played a bit.The Witness is a puzzle game that I personally only recommend for the most hardcore puzzle fan.You wake up on an island that seems to be completely empty. You have to explore it and figure out why you are on there, and what happened.The story is pretty light. Aside from some voice messages and videos of psychological and philosophical nature, there isn't really much story to speak of until, maybe, the end (I am not there yet).You progress through the island by solving the same type of puzzle over and over. Now, I am actually impressed by the amount of variations this game has for just the same type ofpuzzle. It starts off easy - draw a line from a starting point to an end point. As the game progresses, new symbols will be introduced that make solving these puzzles way harder, and sometimes even the environment will take part in the solution. For having only one type of puzzle, the game varies it a lot, keeping you busy and on your toes.The puzzles themselves are generally on the harder side, but if you love puzzles, you will want to solve them all without looking into a walkthrough. Trust me, the experience is better that way.Now, it is of course not all gold and sunshine. Here are my personal pros and cons for the game:Pro:+GraphicsThe graphics are nice and sufficient. The island has lush colours, the graphic style is detailed enough without being overbearing, and everything is generally nice to look at and resourceful enough to work on any type of graphics card, really.+Puzzles/CreativityWhile the game only has one type of basic puzzle, it varies so much over the course of its 500+ puzzles that it has more variation in it than 10 types of puzzles could ever hope to achieve. Symbols, dots, tetris pieces and much more will make every area you explore a little different and keep you on your toes.+SoundsThe sounds are well done. The footsteps are the primary sound you will hear, and they are just as satisfying to listen to as the wirring of machinery after a solved puzzle, or the buzzing of an activated computer panel.+SecretsThe island has a lot of secret puzzles and secret locations. Exploring it is in general very fun and rewarding.+Voice MessagesI like the voice messages in the game. While they are all only quotes of famous philosophers, scientists and the like, the people reading them really bring in some atmosphere. They do a great job, especially since everything else is so quiet.Eh:-+No HintsThere are no real hints or a way to progress should you ever not understand a puzzle. Now, the entire game is logical, and everything can be solved with logic, but should you ever not get something, then you can either explore somewhere else, or, if you don't understand a symbol, look at a walkthrough. It can be frustrating, but that is not necessarily a con - it makes you have to think about things.-+No MusicThere is no music in the game. Aside from the sound, everything is quiet. Some say it helps build up atmosphere, some find it annoying. It is up to you.-+ClaustrophobiaThe game feels downright claustrophobic at times, which is weird. The island holds a lot of structures like castles, deserts, houses, and so on, but sometimes it feels so cramped full of things that it seems unnecessary. That could have been avoided by just making the island a bit larger.Cons:-No MapThis is probably my personal worst point. There is a fast travel system by using a boat you unlock at some point, and it shows a map - but there is no map you can call on at any point. The island itself isn't huge, but there are so many things to discover that a map would be really useful at times - the game is kept minimalistic for a reason, yes, but that doesn't mean it isn't annoying.-No story (to speak of)Aside from, what I heard, the end, the entire game has no story, really. Yes, apparently something happened on this island, but until the end, you won't know what - that can make solving puzzles feel meaningless.-No rewardAside from progressing over the island (sometimes), a lot of the puzzles don't have more rewards, except more puzzles. The reward is, I suppose, getting to solve them. Which is why I recommend the game only for diehard puzzle fans.Overall, I think it is a game worth playing, but only if you love puzzles, can deal with a(n apparent) nonexistent story and no music, and like the atmosphere of exploring an abandoned island.My personal rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,210970,20808037,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Stare,"If you like puzzles and enjoy a substantial challenge, this game is for you. Everything is so well-designed and gorgeous. The puzzles are outstanding, and it's amazing how much variety they were able to come up with while keeping the basic mechanic the same."
,Recommended,210970,20775069,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gyanreyer,"Okay, this game isn't going to be everyone's cup of tea; it's hard as hell and some people might just brush the puzzles off as being dumb minigames that belong on an iPad.  I can see where those people are coming from but there's so much more going on here.First off, let's state the obvious: The visuals are gorgeous.  Like this is probably the best looking game I've ever played, it's so pretty it blows my mind.This game will NOT hold your hand in any way shape or form.  You can accidentally end up in areas where you shouldn't be and won't have a single hope of knowing how to solve the puzzles there.  Even though the puzzle mechanic of drawing lines on a grid remains the same, the game slowly introduces new different ways that the puzzles work, but each time a new thing is added you essentially have to figure out how it works yourself with no help!  Sometimes it's obvious and other times you'll scratch your head and feel like you're about to tear out your hair before suddenly having an epiphany and feeling like an absolute genius.  I like that a lot and it adds an incredibly surprising level of depth to what some might assume would just be the same thing over and over again.If you're looking for something fast paced with lots of action, this really isn't for you.  This game requires insane amounts of patience and persistence, getting stuck is painful but once you get your breakthrough it feels fantastic."
76561198035865217,Recommended,210970,20806558,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Wardiaper,Dumb people just move along.  You don't want this game.
,Recommended,210970,20861462,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,muka3D,"Pure puzzles, pure brain challenge... Combined with art... Fantastic! It's a game that is hard to describe, but if you've ever enjoyed any of Cyan's games (Myst, Riven, etc...), then this is right up your alley. I would type more, but I have to get back to it..."
,Recommended,210970,20882892,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,eluc,"Probably the best puzzle game I've ever played by far. You'd think after a while a game with 400 maze puzzles would get repetitive after a while, but each area has it's own unique genius method needed to solve those particular ones. The only thing I found slightly frustrating is that some mechanics are explained in a specific area, and it's possible that you'll find more way more complicated versions of that mechanic before being shown the ""tutorial"" ones - so if something appears totally new then you may need to walk away and come back later.Either way, my gripes with this game are minor - The puzzles are incredibly rewarding to complete and if you even remotely enjoy puzzle games (I'm a huge sucker for them), then you probably already know that you'll enjoy this title. Don't let the higher than expected price tag put you off - it's worth it and then some.Oh, and ♥♥♥♥ tetris."
,Recommended,210970,20885377,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dywindel,24 hours in and I've just gotten to 'that' bit in the game.And i'm just sitting here.And... I can't close my mouth.
76561198005772688,Recommended,210970,20777703,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Beast of the East DC United,"An incredible experience set in a beautful, surreal world. The feeling of mystery, exploration and intellectual development which was first introduced by Myst 20 years ago is further developed here. This is a game that makes you work to understand, not only the systems that govern the puzzles of the island, but the way you interpret and feel about this place. This game treads new ground intellectually, and philsophically and is unprecedented for the medium. Jonathan Blow, you are an artist and this game is a masterpiece. Thank you for all your hard work."
,Recommended,210970,20779376,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,crash,"The Witness is an incredible puzzle game.  each puzzle is fair - it's not like myst or monkey island, where you might have to do something unorthodox, like combine a monkey and a wrench to get a ""monkey wrench"".  this game eshews the concept of an inventory in favour of having each puzzle represented as a glowing maze panel.  in doing so, The Witness removes all ambiguity between what *is* and what *isn't* a puzzle, which was a really smart design choice.this game was designed and iterated upon for nearly 10 years after the release of Braid, the developer's previous game, and the amount of polish and attention to detail in the island is, quite frankly, astonishing.  the island is dense, packed with puzzles, shortcuts between areas, and gorgeous views; it's one of the most engaging worlds i've explored in a game, right up there with Dark Souls.  one aspect of the world design that i was not fond of, however, were the audio logs scattered throughout the island.  they don't explain the plot of the game, but are rather a collection of miscellaneous, thematic quotes from famous philosophers and mathematicians.  these audio logs feel a little pretentious, and very superfluous (it's a tight, polished puzzle game, but it has audio logs arbitrarily tacked on).i have a few other minor gripes about the game, including the lack of a conclusive ending, but this isn't a game i played for its plot.  over the course of my first playthrough, i had countless ""a-ha!"" moments, which is a benchmark for any puzzle game.  The Witness is so rewarding and well-designed that the game's few flaws can be easily overlooked."
76561197971559642,Not Recommended,210970,34267625,Posted: 15 August,all,Datsjive,"What I expected was a myst-like puzzle game.What I got was a f***load of convoluted ""dot connection"" tiles."
76561198029735186,Recommended,210970,20806643,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,stone,I thought I was reasonably smart and observant. Apparently I am not.
,Recommended,210970,20775376,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rarest,"Thoroughly enjoying my experience so far.While the game is technically all line puzzles, the methods you use to solve these puzzles are really diverse, so there's plenty of variety.The game is also gorgeous."
76561197970381776,Recommended,210970,20775493,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JonnyThunder,"This game (much like Fez) forces your brain to flip from one thought process to another in a heartbeat.  In short, it's another piece of genius from J-Blo.  It makes me feel like my brain is being ravaged by a bigger brain, whilst dangling an obvious answer right in front of my semi-ravaged brain face.If you learn to think outside the box and look at the environment - you'll get to grips with this pretty fast.  If you only work on the puzzle that's in front of you... you're boned.12 out of 10. Would definitely get brain-ravaged again."
76561198038795371,Recommended,210970,20779987,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,The Great Gatsby,"If you want a exciting and challenging puzzle game, you can't get much better than this.Eye pleasing visuals, puzzles with no instructions, and learning about the world you are in all make this a great start for gaming in 2016."
,Recommended,210970,20798128,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,woopie,I bought it for a puzzle game. I got a  puzzle game that's beautiful and has a lot of complexity involved to paying attention to your environment.
76561198112119323,Not Recommended,210970,29531983,Posted: 27 January,all,vomisa,"Pretty, but tedious.Part of the disappointment I experienced playing this game was due to the hype and visuals I'd taken in before hand.While the visuals can be very soothing at times, the gameplay is extremely tedious.I had avoided watching any play-throughs as I wanted to enjoy the discovery for myself, with fresh eyes.Because it was compared to Myst so often, and refered to as a puzzle game with a story. I assumed that thepuzzles would be more varied in nature. They are not. It could be compared to something like Sudoku or Minesweeper.Slowly progressing in difficulty, but always the same type of puzzle. The type one would expect toplay on their mobile during the commute to work.Occassionally new elements are injected, without explanation. While I do like the element of discovery and not being coddled, I did find some of the puzzles later in the game irritating, rather than challenging.  And after 6 hours of play I finally gave up.If there was an interesting story I may have kept playing, however for the 6 hours I played is almost non existant."
76561198085061200,Not Recommended,210970,20774832,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,t3opc,"Definitely not a game for everyone:If you want something relaxing (unless you consider mental exercises as relaxing), this isn't it.It you want something that doesn't remind you of math blaster, this isn't it.If you want something with puzzles where you don't need to draw on paper or take screenshots, this isn't it.If you want to feel like your not working or in school, this isn't it.I'm not sure who would have the drive needed to work on a game like this one for seven years, but it was done. The love for these maze puzzles needs to be extensive for a player to ever complete this thing.I'm not sure I'd ever complete it even if paid to do so as I don't like those puzzle anywhere near that much.There's a reviewer out there that said maze puzzles for 25-30+ hours should be what you should consider to play this game. That's no joke. Take it seriously. If your not sure, its likely not for you. I wasn't sure and its totally not for me.Addition: The Myst series even with its flaws and taking the worst one, are still better. Some of the puzzles are similar, such as the one in the fireplace, but many are more relaxing and more entertaining, and the puzzles are far more varied. The Witness is just interesting. Its solve the maze puzzle to see what's next or walk over there to see what's next. Myst also has a nice story and doesn't feel completely lonely.This game also has invisible walls which for first person game that's no good. You can't fall off anything when you want to.There's no jumping so forget that.Its all about the maze puzzles and roaming for a good amount of time. That's what you do. You better like it.They do a good job of making the maze puzzles more interesting with the sound effect and the look. It helps make them less dull, but that's it."
76561198066331229,Recommended,210970,20809847,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Casual,My head hurts
,Recommended,210970,20781490,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DadouXIII,"An excellent puzzle game in the spirit of games like Myst and Riven, arguably the best one I have ever played. The game looks absolutely beautiful, it feels extremely polished and detailed. The only disappointment is that I would have love a bit more variation in the types of puzzle proposed. Definitely recommended though!"
,Recommended,210970,20803059,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,zeritthemighty,This game is a legitimare masterpiece! Play it!
,Recommended,210970,20808968,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ＺＥＭＥＯ,♥♥♥♥ing frustarting as hell10/10
76561198108031310,Recommended,210970,20819627,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"Pretty good. Pretty and smart, like my GF."
76561198047127129,Not Recommended,210970,24245361,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,eracce,This game is not for everyone. Make sure it is for you before buying it.
,Not Recommended,210970,29554087,Posted: 28 January,all,contagious,If you are going to add a audio log that goes for 15 minutes and I can't turn it off don't put the word and in it 1000 times. That triggered me so hard I had to take off my headset until it was quiet again. I don't think this is my cup of tea anyway.
76561198000088094,Recommended,210970,20793466,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GOObER,I said 'hell yes!' to the beautiful graphics - That's what got me to preorder this game.Then 'meh' to the puzzles - That's what nudged me to ask for a refund.And 'phew' when I got my money back.It's a great puzzle game! But just not for me. Maybe when it goes on sale I will re-purchase.
76561198264098139,Recommended,210970,23574089,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SeaMonster49,The Witness is my favorite puzzle game that I have played. I think it is very unique. The graphics are different than most games. The game uses a lot of bright colors in the landscape. The puzzle aspect is very cool. The puzzles are challenging and thought provoking. My only complaint is that I did not like the ending very much.
,Recommended,210970,21051290,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Vokster,"Loving it so far, great to see a game with beautiful surroundings that actually play a vital part in solving the variety of puzzles that this game throws at you."
,Recommended,210970,20780052,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rossisrossis,"At the time of writing this, I am 1 hour in, and, though I cannot review the game as a whole yet, I can certainly say that this game is not for everyone. But, in the hour that I have played it, I have been amazed at the way the game is designed, every tiny detail in this huge island is there for a reason, aand just when you think you are beginning to see a pattern, it changes. So far, it seems on par with games like Portal, though it does not seem to share the same charisma, it more than makes up for it in its puzzle design."
,Recommended,210970,20878186,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AldmeriDominion,"Fantastic game. Only problems are: need FOV slider, need resolution options, and need camera sensitivity slider for gamepad. But all is being worked on and will be added soon! =]"
,Not Recommended,210970,21941180,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Benb4ss,"Get The Talos Principle instead, a far better puzzle game."
76561197999005093,Recommended,210970,20791786,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ismecaleb,"I am a couple hours into the game and I am shocked. Without giving too much away, the game allows you to learn for yourself. There is no tutorial or guidance in any way. Instead, you become your own tutorial once you experience those ""DUH, that makes sense"" type of moments. The world is there for you to unlock and digs into your peronal thoughts and how you perceieve the world around you.I couldn't believe on day one release that so many people posted negative comments and have demanded refunds. I guess those people just don't understand the meaning of ""The Witness."""
76561198050098837,Recommended,210970,22281094,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,strafe5,"My GOTY.In fact, one of the greatest games I have played. The game engine is simply beautiful and the plays smoothly on my aging machine.If you are a fan of Portal & Talos, then this game is a must.When I finished the game I was both elated and sad at the same time. Elated to have finished such a massive challenge and sad that the experience had in fact ended."
,Recommended,210970,22388973,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Gooby,"Overall this is a fantastic game, with a beatiful art style and immersive atmosphere.WARNING FOR HARD OF HEARING/DEAF, COLOR BLIND, AND EPILEPTIC PEOPLE:This game features puzzles which require hearing specific sounds in a noisy environment, separating and grouping colors, and separating and grouping colors on a strobing background.  Some of these are required for completion of the game.+Intricate puzzles that I really have to think to solve, and remain fresh and challenging throughout the game.+Beautiful visuals, with strategically placed ledges to look over the island from+Incorporates the world into the maze style puzzles often and in various ways+Well presented tutorial for each kind of puzzle, without ever actually explaining how to solve them+Hidden puzzle paths in the environment, requiring proper perspective to find and activate.-No idea what these are for-Slow machinery.  It build the atmosphere, but I would rather make progress than wait for an elevator.-Almost too difficult.  There are no difficulty options, if you can't finish you can't finish.-Hidden puzzle paths in the environment are very obscure and difficult to find.  Getting 100% is nearly impossible."
76561198216231116,Recommended,210970,20841282,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Serenityinaz12,Oh hell yeah this game is AWESOME!!!!  Totally feels like Myst in a way and you just get such a sense of accomplishment after finishing some of the harder puzzles.  Don't look up any clues!
,Recommended,210970,20841757,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,blublublub,hell yeah puzzles
76561198089533667,Recommended,210970,20853324,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Hotchinaboy,It's been a year now. I've complete almost 100% of this game. I thought it is a masterpiece. I was wrong.This is a divine work. I worship Jonathan Blow. This island is Eden.
,Recommended,210970,20871294,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,newagebegins,Played The Witness to the end. Loved every moment of it. An amazing game that gives you the joy of discovery. Totally recommend!
,Recommended,210970,20854282,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,mcbevash,I finish it!!!! Fantastic game! 10/10
76561197993276756,Recommended,210970,20813860,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dorfl,This is NOT an easy game.
,Recommended,210970,20832306,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,FakeSword,"An amazing and clever puzzle game, absolutely worth playing"
76561197986486680,Recommended,210970,20782525,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,sundance_svk,This game is beautiful in terms of graphics and also in terms of presented challanges in the form of puzzles. Figuring out thougher puzzles fills you with satisfaction and you feel really smart :). Really clever puzzle design which very often is interconnected with enviromental clues. I'm not going to mention any of them because everyone should experience this game spoiler-free.9.5/10 - 0.5 deduction for waiting 8 years :)
76561197996958235,Recommended,210970,20839528,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TacticalDan,"Good environment and evil but fair puzzles had me saying ""Godamit Johnathan Blow"""
76561198038342507,Recommended,210970,21043523,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ZO OZW,"A Work of LOVE...To an Audience, a Body of Humanity, LOVEDAnd All that is AskedTo Come with Open Eyes"
,Recommended,210970,20839943,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Cory,Easily one of the best puzzle games ever made.
,Not Recommended,210970,34298119,Posted: 16 August,all,BetterCallSaul,"Game is very repetitive and the puzzles are unispiring/unoriginal with slight differences between them to add ""variety"". If you are interested in a puzzle game I would highly recommend either the Portal series or Talos Principle over this game and if you happen to own/beaten those then unless the game is highly discounted ie under $10 i'd say to just pass on it."
76561197976321589,Recommended,210970,20817574,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,element,"Brilliant game, Really rewarding when you finally work out a puzzle. Its a fresh idea for a game with dynamics you will have never dreamed of. This is the real deal for gaming."
,Recommended,210970,20811341,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Clemoxx,My storage space of screenshot is full.10/10
76561198056868793,Recommended,210970,20817609,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,silasfelinus,"If you like puzzle games, you must play this game."
,Recommended,210970,20844131,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Neck West,Best puzzle game I've ever played.
,Recommended,210970,21204880,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,mgabor,"The steep price point is more than justified, The Witness is without overstatement the single most well designed game I've seen. Everything is connected to everything else on The Island. The simplistic, yet complex line puzzles might look similar, but are in fact extremely varied: there's always a new twist to them that gets introduced.The game is however undeniably not for everyone. The puzzles will get hard, and you do need a certain type of logical thinking to get through them.Unfortunately it is near impossible to truly show or explain what The Witness really is. It is a gaming experience that has never been seen before. If you like puzzle games and would like a challenge, buy it right now. (But whatever you do, do NOT ruin it by looking at gameplay beforehand!)"
,Recommended,210970,22577478,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gryfft,"An incredible work. A feast for the mind and soul.However, this is not a game for the faint of heart. I don't mean that it's scary or puts forth offensive concepts; rather, it is made of extremely difficult puzzles. If that doesn't sound like your thing, this game probably isn't for you.If solving difficult puzzles gives you a deep sense of personal satisfaction, buy this game and dive in right now. Don't read up on it. Just go play it. Right now."
,Not Recommended,210970,29643435,Posted: 1 February,all,StevisReyvis,"Initally, I got the impression that I was in an amusement part. Roam the different themed parks at my disgression, ride the rides and participate in the little easter egg ""find-the-hidden-mickey"" between coasters. After tackling a majority of the themed areas, I quickly to the realization that:- EVERY SINGLE GOD DAMN PUZZLE (on a rudimentary level) IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING SAME- Puzzles range from obsurdly easy to illogically contrustcted- Does anything but treat the player's time as precious (ESPECIALLY WITH THE FOOTAGE PUZZLE AND THE BOAT PUZZLE)- The attempts at political/social undertones are far-fetched- The ""find-the hidden-mickey"" aspect ranges from blatantly obvious to you're going to need a ♥♥♥♥ing protractor to get the circle just right.The game is quite pretty with extremely vibrant but not blindingly bright colors, the varity in themed areas was a pleasent surprise, The open world aspect (IMO) is done quite well with what you're being given. The direction of progression is obvious but not forced and exploring is relaxing.Overall, its yet another game that is increadibly beautiful to look at, but crippled by repetative yet irronically incohesive puzzles. At 40$, hell ♥♥♥♥ing no.... Maybe at 10-15$ MAX...."
,Not Recommended,210970,30605736,Posted: 18 March,all,DelegateVoid,"This is just a series of very repetitive puzzles. They came up with a single concept for a puzzleand then throw different variations of that sample puzzle at you again and again and again.The ""open""-world basically acts as a fancy menu, and yes it's a pretty world, but it doesn't add anythingto the story or even the game.This game is totally over-hyped."
,Recommended,210970,20900712,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Catch-A-Ride,Whoever doesn't recommand this game surely hasn't realize how great this game is yet.
76561198043553615,Recommended,210970,20897144,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,WeirdFish,BEST PUZZLE GAME EVAR
,Recommended,210970,20900099,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Icjusty,"It didn't run well on my pc, so I played it on ps4. (Currently 521, +135, +6) It is possibly the best puzzle game of all time."
76561198064619887,Recommended,210970,21346648,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ImOutOfHere,This game requires alot of patience and persistance. Visually it's very well done however gameplay is lacking variety. I would rate it 6/10 personally
,Recommended,210970,24027206,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,LiquidOcelot,"Have you ever hated how some games treat you like a child? Ever hate how some games are filled with mindless chores and repetition? The Witness is probably the most ""pure"" single-player puzzle game in existence in that respect because it's a fully immersive experience that's rewarding, thoughtful, and never too difficult or easy. The perfect level of challenge persists throughout and even if you don't finish it you're going to love every minute you spend with it. 10/10, my personal GOTY so far next to DOOM and Hyper Light Drifter. Get it at any price, but a discount doesn't hurt if you're skeptical."
,Recommended,210970,20839816,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TrumpW,This game has some of the most impressive puzzles and secrets. It's amazing how many different ways you have to think to solve them. If you love puzzle games then this is a must have.
76561198016894166,Recommended,210970,20838069,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MuTs?,"I wish I could be you, and buy this game to play it for the first time again. I think no other puzzle and exploration game comes even close to how good this is. Go as blind as possible, and if you are reading reviews just buy it already!"
,Not Recommended,210970,28475535,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,bT*Akira,"Lets just dive straight into the meat of the game. The puzzles.Some puzzles are quite puzzling and challenging, but quite do-able. Others are pretty easy and self-explanatory... And then there are puzzles that make no freaking sense at all. Those are the puzzles you just try combination after combination after combination trying to figure out the EXACT path you are supposed to travel to complete that puzzle.The game doesn't exactly teach you about the puzzles, you more or less are supposed to just figure it out. Expect to go online and be reading up on the different puzzles and strategies to beat them. Then get used to trial and error before going back to just look up the solved puzzle.It's cool, but with how infuriating some of the puzzles are I can't really recommend this game. A lot of it just resorts to you as a player NEEDING to guess as some puzzle solutions are half-hidden or very unclear."
,Recommended,210970,20922377,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,WarezWaldo,"Breathtakingly beautiful, brilliantly built; Blow beats Braid by begetting bewilderingly byzantine brain-teasers."
,Recommended,210970,22323454,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hawk,"Impossible to put down. Best exploration/puzzle type game I've played in years, but beware - it won't appeal to everyone."
76561198105322516,Recommended,210970,22373674,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Falkor,"This game cleverly makes you use your logic sense, while keeping an open mind.Game design is just brilliant, and i'm NOT just saying this because I like the colors.After 20 hours it keeps suprising me, the puzzles never get old and can be very challenging (frustrating) at times.It's hard to write a review without spoiling too much but if you like puzzle games this game definitely satisfies all your needs!"
76561198037657373,Recommended,210970,20813439,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DamienReave,"You have to like puzzle games and be willing to put in the effort, but its an absolute masterpiece."
,Recommended,210970,20809640,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,rjevans,"My favorite puzzle game in recent memory. Great pacing, progression, and design. Challenging but rewarding!"
,Recommended,210970,20816404,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MeowkuCube!!,"I've only had my mind blown 50 times. Great game, does a lot with a on-the-surface basic concept."
,Recommended,210970,20858053,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,CapnStache,My absolute favorite puzzle game. I've never been so delighted!
76561198113374507,Recommended,210970,20809777,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,barzell,s'good game
76561197979212701,Recommended,210970,22239072,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[NBB]Flood,"This is this generation's Myst. It's a beautiful, imaginative, & cognitively demanding puzzle/exploration experience. The central theme is totally in your face, yet never overtly dictated. It's one of the most rewarding experiences I've had playing games to date. Get it, struggle thru it, then go back and watch YouTube videos of other people playing it, & marvel at the power of knowledge."
,Not Recommended,210970,20786329,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Notorious C.C.B.,"Would only recommend if you really like line puzzle games. While the island is beautiful and alluring, unless you are very into the central mechanic, you won't have much motivation to press forward. It would have been nice if at some point line puzzles became fully environmental puzzles, or if you could interact with the beautiful environment in any meaningful way, but unfortunately that is not the case."
,Recommended,210970,21351201,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,unescio,
,Recommended,210970,23081080,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Laxad,A fun simple game
,Recommended,210970,22575846,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mubarak,My 2016 Game of The Year.If you're a fan of puzzle games. This is a must. Excellent puzzle design. Outstanding environment.Such a unique experience.
76561197978186551,Recommended,210970,20874551,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,peop,the best game
,Recommended,210970,20866346,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Northy,Well designed and engineered world. Mind bending puzzles.Great Game!
,Recommended,210970,22278939,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ghost_Ship_Supreme,"This is one of the coolest, most immersive, artsy, creative, and mysterious puzzle games i've ever played. This game is amazing."
76561198284125158,Recommended,210970,22281792,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,baggino,"Ingenious! The game realy makes you work, but in the end, you feel like you're Einstein himself"
,Recommended,210970,22308897,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Techerock,"I have played this in excess of 80 hours if you combine what I played on the Playstation 4 and without a doubt I can say that I will recommend this game fully if you want a great puzzle game.   The controls are solid although a bit touchy with a mouse, but that is coming from a person whom played it on the Playstation 4 first.   Visuals are stunning if you have the capibilty to run it at the highest graphics settings. Music although mostly non-existant is actually a plus in this game & the sounds of the game is amazing.   The lack of traditional tutorials are actually a bouns.   I hope everyone takes the opertunity to buy this game & support a great development team."
,Recommended,210970,22391266,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,DarkSlinky,"I estimate that I'm about halfway through, maybe more, maybe less, but at this point I can safely say that it's one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. It can seem frustrating at times, but it's worth it to keep trying. Have patience, and if you get stuck, sometimes it's worth while to take a few steps back, explore another area for a while or even just look around you.There are so many mysteries. Such an awesome game! Well worth the money."
76561198004474588,Recommended,210970,23104371,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kingguy1™,"Really one of the best games I've played in ages. I'm not generally a fan of puzzle games. In fact, this game, Portal, and The Talos Principle are probably the only puzzle games I've finished. But this game just hooked me in and made me constantly want more. By taking away the constant stream of rewards that we're used to in modern games, it initially left me feeling a little cast off. I wasn't sure how I was supposed to play through a game if they weren't going to pull me through it, but once I started taking satisfaction in the completion of these truly mind-bending puzzles, I found myself absolutely enraptured. This is an experience I wish I could have again, and am so incredibly happy that the Witness turned out how Jonathan Blow wanted it to."
,Recommended,210970,20921250,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Bela9a,If you like solving mazes in a beutiful enviorment than this is the game for you.
76561197980742745,Recommended,210970,21943863,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,doiedwards,"Brilliant.I would recommend this game only for people who have a passion for puzzle-gaming.I would not recommend to do the game with a soluce. The full satisfaction of finishing a puzzle by yourself is really the engine and the motivation. Solving each puzzle with a soluce kills the self-satisfaction. I agree with some people saying that a few puzzles are very tricky or are sometimes in contradiction with the learning steps. I admit that for a few puzzles, luck was with me (if there are not too many combinations, I was trying each combination until I realize at the end what was the real solution...)"
76561198086717929,Recommended,210970,21844492,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,zuny,"""The Witness"" is an incredible game and holds many secrets. On the island you do not only discover a huge amount of puzzles, but you also gain an insight into philosphy, meditation, Zen and much more. I would say it is more than just a ""puzzle game"" - in my eyes it is a completely new genre and very unique. Of course, some details make you remember the Myst games, e.g. the final flight sequence or a couple of sounds and animations. Although I played the game on a six-year-old laptop, the island looked great even on minimal graphics settings.""The Witness"" can be very hard sometimes, but it is definitely worth a try. It took me 33 hours to finish the game on my own, even though I have not yet solved all the puzzles on the island (which is not required to finish the game). I certainly will return on the island soon to discover more."
,Recommended,210970,20816680,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Camman6972,This game makes me want to kill myself
,Recommended,210970,20852571,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,vaporwave lenin,"good game except for the ♥♥♥♥ing bird puzzles, ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,210970,21935411,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Leonardo Da Sidci,"The game is gorgeous and the game is lacking. I agree with a lot of people where not every game has to have some overarching narrative or shooty-shooty bang bang to make it interesting. In fact, games like Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons offers a much more engaging and wonderful experience both narratively and mechanically with even less than what's availble with The Witness.Playing this game feels like a chore and I found myself forcing myself to get through the puzzles just hoping and aching that there was something more on offer than great vistas and uninteresting puzzles."
76561197998209121,Not Recommended,210970,21942077,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,stile17,"Nice concept, nice graphics but I was bored too quickly."
,Recommended,210970,20903278,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DrunkDave,"I'm only 3 hours in and I already wholeheartedly agree with this review.  Anyone who loved the enthralling nature of games like Myst, will likely fall in love with The Witness as well."
25857175176071236,Not Recommended,210970,20797699,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ely,"As some who really liked Portal 1/2, The Ball, and puzzles games in general this one just isn't doing it for me. I understood going in there was no story which is fine by me. However, the puzzles are hard, and the difficulty ramps up pretty quickly,Unfortunately I'm going to have to refund this, but my tip to anyone out there don't go into this thinking it's anything like Portal 1/2, The Ball, or The Talos Principle."
76561197971276058,Recommended,210970,28386762,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,debe.sys,"This game is right on par with Portal 2 and Talos Principle and is without a doubt one of the best games released to date, not to mention the best game of 2016 (I'm 39 and gaming since 1995, obviously, this is all my opinion only).Now, I didn't think that after the first few hours of the game, even though I was hooked badly by then. You see, it is layered. You discover those layers gradually. It takes time. I discovered the second (?) layer only 9 hours in, I think.Narrative wise, it's, well, it's problematic. It will throw everything at you, - quotes from middle ages monks, budhists, famous scientists. It will also juxtapose profound insights by notable intellecutals with the complete new age nonsense and will let you see the truth. Except it won't. It will present everything as equal.I have no doubt it can improve somebody's perspective on the world, but it may equally easily do the opposite. Relativity of thought is a very poisonous idea that contributes to global warming, spread of nonsensic conspiracies, beliefs in pseudosciences or extreme polytical movements, etc. And that's absolutely the only shortcoming this otherwise monumental piece of work has.This is one of those things that people will remember after hundreds of years as a true classic and a milestone, even though the lesson it teaches is a very questionable one to say the least."
,Recommended,210970,21531609,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ADruishPrincess,"This game is very reminiscent of myst.  I love the landscapes, and the out-of-the-box thinking it sometimes requires. Very awesome game."
,Recommended,210970,21633242,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Yibbon,"The most engaged I have ever been in a videogame, definitely a new favorite for me."
,Recommended,210970,22532285,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,RedJimi,"There's something really beautiful about this game. Freedom to sandbox, but provoking mechanisms to challenge the very nature of everything."
,Recommended,210970,21488698,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Vincent Van Gogh,24 часа соединял линии мышкой 11 из 10  покупайте
,Recommended,210970,23645005,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Universal Bob,"The puzzles are well done, although often fruistrating.  But that's the nature of puzzle games :) The witness strikes a good balance between challanging and rewarding.  The visuals are stylistically beautiful."
,Recommended,210970,24823439,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dmitry_Minsky,You can't even imagine how many things you can do with dots and lines.
,Recommended,210970,21815890,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,strange matter,"Beautiful deep puzzle game, well worth your time and money. Unique in many aspects and a prime example of fantastic game making skills."
,Recommended,210970,21896284,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,nes,Rock a rhyme that's right on time.
,Recommended,210970,29564659,Posted: 29 January,all,Yoshino,"Thumbs upI just cannot believe that there are a tons of  ""coincidences"". They are not puzzles, but surprises whenever you look around.You won't regrad to be aWitness. XD"
,Recommended,210970,25279360,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,The World's Finest Play an Insanely Difficult Puzzle Game Then Watch a 40 minute GDC Talk to Unlock the Final Puzzle Simulator!
,Recommended,210970,20900443,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sir Hanselot,Extraordinary and beautiful game! Love it!
76561197995987789,Recommended,210970,20940877,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,obidobi,Love it. Both fun and challenging puzzles! Atleast 25h+ to complete.
,Recommended,210970,20946742,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,seedback d^3Cx^2,"Awesome relaxing game, with nice graphics and, unlike too many puzzle games nowdays it is actually quite consistent, but still challanging."
76561198026926219,Recommended,210970,24887090,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Basalt,"What to expectA puzzle/exploration game. Nothing is made explicit, all elements are slowly introduced, so you as a player have to connect the dots. Personal GOTY 2016.PlusPhenomenal integration of scenery and puzzle elementsGreat visual and audio designMinus-"
76561198051616379,Recommended,210970,21508893,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tygr,"1st hour:well this is pretty much what I expected, and a good way to take a break from studying.2nd hour:Nice!  I'm awesome at this!  Hey I've got one section done already!  what's it been, like 20 minutes?3rd hour:wow this puzzle is tough...  I'm a failure.  I guess these are the ones people are talking about.  Good thing there are 400 more puzzles I can do before this one!5th hour:I've got three lasers done already and it's only been about an hour, I don't know why people say it takes at least 12 hours to beat!!!6th hour:*checks the time*f@!k.9/10.  the 1 point missing is for the music you have to provide yourself.  With this level of world design and art and mechanics, I really expected a killer soundtrack.  Too bad."
76561198076234531,Recommended,210970,21653739,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Microwave rage,"The Witness is quite a weird and unique game. You find yourself on a beautiful island painted with radiant colours and filled with line puzzles. The environment is quite captivating and just wondering around is a pleasure in itself. The main strength of the game, though, lies in puzzles.I generally like puzzles and challenges so when I discovered this game along with statements like ""it's really hard to complete"", I instantely knew that I have to buy it. I can say now with certainty that it was the right choice. I really love the way the game teaches you how to solve puzzles. You start by easier ones and once you figured out the logic behind them you move onto the more complicated ones. It really feels like the game talks to you and I have never experienced anything quite like that in a game before. Sometimes it takes a long time to solve a puzzle and some people complain that even though you solve a really hard puzzle, you won't get a proper reward, but for me, personally, every puzzle I've completed felt like an accomplishment and I didn't really need any other rewards. When a hard puzzle opened up a way to even a harder puzzle, I usually just yelled ""Bring it on!"" at the scrreen. (Maybe I'm a masochist??) I am proud that I managed to complete the game without any walkthrough and that I solved the ""red door"" puzzle in the shipwreck not by brute-force but by actually understanding the puzzle. I promise you, there is a logic behind all the puzzles, nothing is random. If you are clueless on how to solve one, just look somewhere else and come back once you've learned the principle (or try to focus more on your environment). Mechanisms behind some of the puzzles were so brilliant I had to laugh. (Maybe I'm mad??)Seriously, if you like puzzles, just buy this game! If you don't like puzzles, I'm not sure why you're even looking at it. Buying it just because of the visuals is probably not worth it. Honestly, the ""hidden/nonexistent"" storyline in the game was too abstract for me. I listened to all the voice messages and watched all the videos and some of them are quite interesting and worth thinking about, but overall it didn't make much sense. The game is most likely intended as ""open for interpretation,"" but I didn't get any clear message out of it except for some hints that making of the game was a pain. I feel like the story aspect could have been done better. Nevertheless, it didn't bother me very much and I would still recommend you to buy this game! I enjoyed it very much."
76561197968463489,Recommended,210970,21676008,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kwortic13L,"The Witness pushes the envelope and demonstrates what can be done with video games as an artistic canvas. It succeeds on every level, graphics and game play are both outstanding, but structurally this is peerless. It is not only the antithesis of modern gaming trends but an achievement that transcends the medium. For the first time we have a game that can stand along side the best offerings from the worlds of cinema and literature. It is beautiful, deep, mysteroius and meaningful in ways that make all other games seem simplistic and shallow.I know that even the game's most ardent fans have said that this is not a game for everyone, but please, please try it. There are many who won't fancy The Witness who will then play it and find themselves drawn in to this amazing game. The beauty, the detail and the variety of the island alone could probably justify the purchase. It wont take long before you realize the genius and the depth of The Witness and many, like myself, will conclude that this is a masterpiece and the best video game yet made."
,Recommended,210970,21678096,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,blinks,Mind-blowing second coming of Myst.
,Recommended,210970,21828480,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,iomegadrive,Amazing game.
,Recommended,210970,21920121,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ASPePeX,A simple concept carried out up to a brainmelting level. Best puzzle game ever and beautiful at it.
,Recommended,210970,21972956,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,mooware,Might be the most fascinating game I ever played.
,Recommended,210970,21995665,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bundt,"Like others have said, just make sure you know what you are getting into if you get this game. It is not easy, but they are satisfying puzzles to solve, and the island is beautiful."
76561197984297857,Recommended,210970,22190810,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,czintak,This is a grea game.  Alot of fun to figure all the puzzles out.  If your looking for a game to challenge your brain this is it.  Great controls and graphic style.
,Not Recommended,210970,29665241,Posted: 3 February,all,Zubon,"A mix of positive and negative. I cannot really recommend it, and under no circumstances should you even consider this game if you have any visual or audio impairment, whether in your computer or your head. The game will require things that are physically impossible for you and not even explain that.When it works, it works, and when it doesn't, you Google and probably find that you were wasting your time because you needed to solve some other puzzles before this one had enough information/pieces/whatever. If that sounds fun, this is for you.Puzzles do not explain their rules, so you are stuck with trial and error to find what this puzzle wants. Except that maybe there were a series of introductory puzzles for this rule type, but you happened to walk into an advanced puzzle before a basic one and nothing explained that the rules changed. ""What do you want from me?!"" If that sounds fun, this is for you.Half the puzzle is finding the puzzles. Some need a chain of other puzzles or precise placement. Some need to be activated in a long series of steps, so make sure to backtrack and see if finishing puzzles A, C, D, E, F, and K opened B.Not friendly to visual impairments. Some things look like logic puzzles but are instead puzzles of ""can you walk to the right spot and turn at the right angle to find a visual effect that just gives you the answer?"" Once you have that down, you get multiple steps, like (1) find the puzzle, (2) activate it, (3) find the right angle for part a, (4) find the switch to change the puzzle's angle, (5) find the right angle for part b, (6) maybe repeat those steps for a few letters, and (7) put it together and answer (from the right spot) (from the right angle). That probably sounds fun to some folks, so this is for you. I am told it does the same for audio impairments later; I have not gotten that far.This may be surprising for some players or developers, but there is a range of human visual function and memory. Some people cannot see some colors. If a puzzle requires color vision, the game is over for those players at that point, and they will not even see why until they Google it. Some people have literally no visual memory or ability to picture things in their heads. If a puzzle requires combining multiple visuals, that could be surmountable with screenshots. And so on with other perception difficulties.I am going to play a bit further in search of epiphanies, but the mix of ""figure out the rules, we won't tell you"" and ""sometimes the rule is neurologically unlikely for you to even perceive"" is bad for me, like giving a game requiring pixel-perfect placement to someone with Parkinson's."
76561198030149380,Not Recommended,210970,30409106,Posted: 9 March,all,Jaden,"There are definitely some nice puzzles here, which may keep you entertained for a while. But most of the game is not so much the solving of puzzles, as guessing what the about 15 different symbols are supposed to mean.Each symbol is one ""rule"" you have to follow to solve the puzzle and apart from the tetris symbols they give no indication of their meaning. I ended up reading online which symbol meant what as i like actual puzzles (logical), not wild guessing and almost infinite trial&error ways to learn these meanings of symbols.If you manage to follow the path through game from easy to hard puzzles you have a much easier time to learn the rules, but as it is of an open world kind of style with hard puzzles hidden at the same places as the easy ones you would have to have a lot of luck and running around to find the easy ones first."
,Recommended,210970,22593851,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,amiibler,"With the ammount of content in the game and the level of quality, it's well worth the $40."
,Recommended,210970,21671987,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Rebsdorf,"When you lose a competitev 14-16 and ragequit, there is nothing better than launching up ""The Witness"". 10/10 Best casual game :b1:"
,Recommended,210970,21935991,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,joemitz,Incredible...enough said.
76561198038743484,Recommended,210970,21937207,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kappetan,Holy hell that was fun. Worth every penny IMO
,Recommended,210970,22174821,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Precious.,Really good challenging game.-Hard puzzles-Beautifle visuals-Great timeReally worth buying and having a go.
76561198068116285,Recommended,210970,21243728,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Connie Lingus,Raid boss down.Equipment:PenPaper20 hoursWill stare at inanimate objects for 20 minutes+ each again.10/10
76561197999839135,Recommended,210970,21782815,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PEET,"This might be the most polarizing game experience of my life...On one hand, The Witness is both beautiful and brilliant from an artistic and design sense. The lighting, materials and rendering are pure eye candy. The entire island integrates perfectly to form a continuous chain of incredibly intelligent puzzles.On the other hand, The Witness is also one of the most boring, poorly paced and non sensical games I have ever played. The story is told through audio logs which have no consitant theme and are mostly told out of context. While the rendering is great, the envirronment itself is bland comprised mostly of generic trees, rocks, cave walls, brick walls, wood planks, etc. Almost nothing has character in this world. The vast majority of the puzzles consist of standing in front of a grid and drawing lines to separate different icons. This gets very old and repetitive.Regardless of the low entertainment value, I have to reccomend this game beacuse it is just too inteligently designed to pass up. There are a lot of great ideas here.  Everyone should witness at least the first few hours of brilliance before the repetitive bordem sets in."
,Recommended,210970,21957881,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,CPU,Hands down one of the best puzzle games I've played since Portal. Every puzzle I solved made me feel like a g*d d*mn genius.
76561198037298078,Recommended,210970,22012088,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ZacMof,Masterful
,Recommended,210970,21035590,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ρsilocybin♥,.....a masterpiece!isolation and surrealism at it's best!
,Recommended,210970,21168889,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ATallHobbit,"There are a lot of people that have negative comments, i really enjoyed he game. I just finished it today and i finished the game in 18 hours (used walkthrough guides on about 10% of the game). Its pretty, challenging, interesting and fun. For some reason i thought that there would be some scary mechanic in the game, especially while travelling through caves. I was always parnoid that something would scare me, i guess it was just the atmosphere of being alone on this big island. Overall i really enjoyed it, my girlfriend and i played about half the game together and she enjoyed it as well. When this game goes on sale in the future for half price or more, it should be a must have if you enjoy intriguing games."
76561197970591211,Recommended,210970,21251444,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Eversor,"This game is incredibly deep and rewarding. Requires a certain level of dedication and the only flaw i found was the lack of a decent customization of the graphic settings. It turns out that what you see is 99% gameplay related so this could be the cause of this limitation.Say you turn off shadows, you would not be able to solve certain puzzles..."
,Recommended,210970,21246226,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Corpse Run,The Witness is a blast to play and beautiful to look at.  Excellent game to play with a significant other.
,Recommended,210970,21256942,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Katharsis,"Drawing lines for hours may seem dull, but this game gives me the same kind of kick usually reserved for a really good end boss."
,Recommended,210970,25116278,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Suhood,Exploration coupled with puzzles leaves the player highly satisfied as they progress throughout the game.
,Recommended,210970,20914731,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,mintytsar,I have no idea what I'm doing 10/10
76561197976011022,Recommended,210970,20962325,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Okkotonushi,At one point I felt like this game was teaching me about relationships with maze puzzles.
76561197963206306,Recommended,210970,21089514,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,AcerM,Beautifully well done. Both the puzzles and the environment show a great deal of work and care was put into them. Cannot recommend this game enough for puzzle fans.
76561198280519199,Recommended,210970,21135709,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,todormad,Very nice made game.
,Recommended,210970,21116219,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Iksman,"This game is a real test on your abilities, you will be entertained for hours with this title, roaming around the island enjoying the sights and trying out all the puzzles."
76561197966573552,Recommended,210970,20962967,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Spock RC,A puzzle actually made me feel like Indiana Jone in Raiders of the Lost Ark.
,Recommended,210970,21096404,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Stagittarius,This is one of the greatest games I have ever played. I like it because it reminds me of science. It is not just a puzzle game; it is a world that despite appearing complex has a simple underlying principle.
76561198087998285,Recommended,210970,20906410,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Norman Reedus,9.2
76561197991998514,Recommended,210970,20921952,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Tubasatan,THO THICK!! THO THICK!!
76561198117674065,Recommended,210970,20922693,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TheWinnest,"Beautiful, well designed world and puzzles. Filled to the brim with secrets. It's really one of the best games I've played in a long time. Buy it please"
,Recommended,210970,22146668,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
76561197993617677,Recommended,210970,21162930,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,CrowdedTrousers,Everything you've heard about this puzzle game is true. Beautiful. Whip-smart. Frustrating. Addictive.A near-perfect masterpiece for those prepared to bring their brain.
,Recommended,210970,20906931,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Le Quack,These puzzles want to make me hurt myself badly10/10
,Recommended,210970,21087697,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ebmocces,Puzzles? Check.Pretty scenery? Check.Awesome ambience? Check.Tearing my hair out? You bet your♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042332359,Recommended,210970,20902581,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,col fagooggot,"Very beautiful and amazingly designed, haven't found one thing wrong with it yet, but the puzzles can be so complicated at points!!!! 63/10 would play again and again! Who wouldn't recommend this game!"
,Recommended,210970,20919436,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,aidanr,I used up an entire notepad just getting the normal ending. Not for the faint hearted.
,Recommended,210970,20960512,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MASK de Smith,The most thorough exploration of drawing lines in a video game. Plus it's goddamn gorgeous.
76561197964447922,Recommended,210970,21021045,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,compound,This game is amazing. The atmosphere is dreamy and wonderful. The puzzles are taught with no words via small examples first and when they finally click they make you feel like a genius. It is not an action game but for me it's definitely one of the best games I played in a long time.
76561198236718516,Recommended,210970,34263115,Posted: 15 August,all,The_Camwin,Amazing game to unwind to. Wish there was a quicker way to move around the map at times.
76561197972332225,Recommended,210970,34988611,Posted: 15 September,all,treisycle,"""Wait, what, it's just this one mechanic? Ugh.""*67.3 hours later*"
,Not Recommended,210970,34368455,Posted: 20 August,all,karmageddon,Boring same puzzles one after the other.  Monotonous.  After 1 hour of exactly the same type of puzzles I quit.
,Not Recommended,210970,34451322,Posted: 23 August,all,GreyVor,"Tries to be a smart and visually compelling Myst-type game, just ends up being a bunch of poorly explained line puzzles. Arguably should've only been a tablet PC game, definitely shouldn't be $40."
,Recommended,210970,21359393,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ragnadox,"A fun, relaxing, and thoughtful game.It gets a little dull when you don't have many puzzles left and you're just going back and forth between the few remaining unsolved areas. But it was an enjoyable journey."
76561198070505235,Recommended,210970,21377420,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Resce,"This game goes places, even if those places are the end of a line puzzle."
76561198021298221,Recommended,210970,23100610,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,roger,"It's cleary Myst inspired, but like it's stripped down to the pure essence of atmosphere, challenge and joy!"
76561198044482498,Recommended,210970,21339994,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rikudou.Andy,great game
,Recommended,210970,21010950,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Joey!,"Hey Blow, solve this:.... -- - - 9xh 9 83sssssblue blue blue blue blue67bbm mm a tree"
,Recommended,210970,21185729,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Frank Reynolds,"This game goes deep, and then deeper."
76561197993470470,Recommended,210970,21191076,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Guendolin,When I close my eyes I can only se puzzels. Damn you Jonatahn Blow!
,Recommended,210970,22067045,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,robohipster,"Mystlike is back, baby.Can seem very, very dry at first, but if you allow yourself to get lost in its world, you will."
,Recommended,210970,22054506,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,VulpesX,Definitely my favourite puzzle game of the last 10 years.
,Recommended,210970,30809367,Posted: 29 March,all,ezy,Amazing.
,Recommended,210970,21620500,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Linus,"""Time to visit Mr. Blow's Island and do a bunch of lines!"""
76561198283201396,Recommended,210970,21495274,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Drowsy Emperor,"if you get error opening, remove fullscreen and hit alt and enter or alt asnd shift- worked for me. But after that annoyance, a nice diffeernet game, only played 75 mins for far but defo a challenge i am enjoying so far"
,Recommended,210970,21182872,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jon Wick 2,mazes are cool
76561198011032588,Recommended,210970,21009962,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zhavier,Mind-bending puzzles that will expand your mind.
,Recommended,210970,21010250,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zaranil,The careful crafted puzzle design of games like Portal in a beautiful and relaxing setting reminiscent of Myst.
,Recommended,210970,21434703,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,pwnius,"Mind....Blown....(P.S. Mr. Blow, It could use ONE more explosion :D)"
,Recommended,210970,21822087,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lights Out,Just great!
76561197974002290,Recommended,210970,30888763,Posted: 1 April,all,chud575,"totally rethinks the puzzle genre, really excellent"
76561198283734254,Recommended,210970,30875118,Posted: 1 April,all,carst209,"This game is awesome! Really challanging puzzles, well done."
,Recommended,210970,25473893,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Brimst0ne,"This game bends you mind in many ways. Very chill gameplay, but rather challenging puzzles. No linear path or ""story"".If you prefer high action, or story driven games, you probably won't enjoy this game. Don't get me wrong, there some hidden themes and ""lore"" scattered through the map, but it's very much a walking sim, and whilst it doesn't try to hide it, some people might not get it.But if you're into puzzles(there's over 500 of them), and looking for a game to just sit and ""react to"", give this game a try... If it goes on sale. Whilst this game had me hooked for hours on end, and it's now in my top 10-15 games, I just can't seem to justify the £30 price tag.Also, don't worry ifyou start seeing the puzzles everywhere...So yeah, beautiful, mind melding walking sim, that leaves you wanting more puzzles, if you're into that sort of thing."
76561197966296956,Recommended,210970,25544462,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,tyloniusfunk,"A moderately challenging puzzle game that keeps going and going, evolving in ways you won't expect. A masterpiece that will reverberate through time."
,Recommended,210970,24238336,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BulldogBen,Beautiful and captivating.
,Recommended,210970,32948517,Posted: 28 June,all,mogwins,"Well, it's great, isn't it? Everyone's already said that. And they're right. But I'm saying it again.It's great.There's so much here that other games can learn from. Tutorial sections  are necessary, but tedious. I've bounced off a few games without having even navigated that opening section. But The Witness is all tutorial and all great.DId I say how great it is? It really is great."
,Recommended,210970,31160888,Posted: 15 April,all,Boots & Cats,"The Witness is a fab game. It is super rewarding and super challenging. Before going into the witness I did a bit of reasearch about the game and the puzzles. THIS HELPED ME GET INTO THE GAME. There are 2 types of puzzle, logical and observational. logical puzzules are exactly what you think, however when you walk up to a puzzle and have literally no ♥♥♥♥ing clue how to solve it, this is an observational puzzle. This means that you have to look at the puzzle from a different persepctive, for example look at a tree or at some patterns in a wall. I am yet to complete this game as I have found it to be brutal due to the total savagery that is the later areas of the game that takes everything you know and says ♥♥♥♥ you and reverses everything that you have learned so far. So, the main issues: the price. Yes this game is so over priced it's unreal! Thankfully it has very few updates, is complete and there is no online so in a sense you won't be falling behind by waiting for a sale. If you want it now go to♥♥♥♥♥ it'll save a whole lotta money <3 Also, did I mention this game is incredibly pretty!"
,Recommended,210970,31172697,Posted: 16 April,all,GreyWithAnE,"This was good! If you're on this page then you probably have heard a general summary of how this game works. If that sounds at all like ""your kind of game"", then you will probably be very happy with The Witness, as its execution on indie-puzzle-FPS-exploration is top notch, and there's really never been another game quite like it.It's kind of like a ""Metroidvania"" game where you gain new abilities to reach new areas and defeat new challenges...except instead of your character gaining, like, new boots that let you jump higher, YOU, the player, learn things that let you access new areas and solve new puzzles you couldn't do before.  The whole thing is a lush learning experience with an entirely new type of brainteaser, like the first time you ever sat down with a crossword puzzle or a sudoku book.If you are not super into puzzles, probably not for you; it's not quite on the level of something like Portal, where it's going to convert folks into puzzle diehards who would never have been otherwise. But like I said, if the basic description sounds like your cup of tea, then you'll like it quite a lot."
76561198015055959,Recommended,210970,25218318,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,STYLAN  #yüah,"Very beautiful game, had a lot of fun playing it"
76561198140875587,Recommended,210970,32356348,Posted: 11 June,all,TOPSON2,thanks!
,Recommended,210970,32246548,Posted: 7 June,all,PandaTheory,I'm to stupid and lazy for this♥♥♥♥♥♥but damn this game is beautiful. It's worth the price just to walk around and appreciate the artstyle
76561198006566773,Recommended,210970,31434377,Posted: 29 April,all,danrich2910,"This game changed my perspective on reality for after completing it. Hurry up Johnathon, when's your next game!"
76561198096349467,Recommended,210970,31735173,Posted: 13 May,all,Dilly,"This game is amazing. It's not just a puzzle game, it has deep meaning in the way we see things, but it says so in such a cryptic way. I am currently a speedrunner of this game and the more I play, the more interesting the game is. To answer your question, ""Is this game worth $40?"", if you like a lot of puzzles, and a hidden story line, then yes."
76561198065997067,Recommended,210970,25357872,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lulu,"I am at a loss for what to say in reviewing this game.  While it has all the elements that are required to define it as a video game, I find it difficult to simply lump it into that category which, on the whole, contains so very many things that are so dissimilar to The Witness as to bear virtually no resemblance to it.  A technical manual for operating an industrial machine, a government report on options to boost supply chain efficiency, a bodice-ripper novella, the Bible - these are all books.  What clarity of understanding is gained by lumping them all together, as though all books were basically the same kind of thing?This is the problem (at least, the reviewing problem) I have when it comes to say anything about The Witness.  It is an artefact that has been made in a specific way to be interacted with in order to provide you an experience.  I could try to review this game, but the game itself is not what I would actually be talking about.  Anything that I might try to tell you that would explain why I love this game would ultimately be about me and my experiences, and it would only be about The Witness in the most indirect and unhelpful way, for you.The Witness has made me feel very uncomfortable.  It has shaken me.  It has elated me.  It has brought me into the light of new understanding about basic elements of my existence, and my way of relating to it and the existence of others.  I feel a renewed capacity for awe; the world and my self are more glorious and more terrible for it.  I am more, and less, than when I began The Witness.  Long after I no longer launch the executable, I will still be ""playing"" this ""game"".  I approached it openly, made a place for it within me, and invited it in.  The most important part of this game is not taking place on the computer or the screen, but within the player.  I cannot say whether this game will be worth anything to you, because more than any other thing of this kind I have ever interacted with, the experiences this game produces depends on the player.Yet, in spite of this, I am compelled to recommend it to you.  Don't look anything up online.  Don't read anything else.  Just start the game, and pay attention.  Think about where you are and what you are doing.  Perhaps you will not find anything like what I did.  But I would say that you owe it to yourself to try, as what I found were experiences that expanded and enriched my humanity - and that I desperately wish every person could have."
,Recommended,210970,30350190,Posted: 5 March,all,hexadek,"Gorgeous world, and a masterclass in Game Design.However, this game is not for the faint of heart, and the difficulty level of some of the puzzles was excruciating, as even understanding their specific rules was a herculean challenge in itself.In essence, if you accept from the get-go that you will most likely never be able to completely finish this game, and play only for as long as you are enjoying yourself, this will be a treat."
,Recommended,210970,30347501,Posted: 5 March,all,Blanky,"As a PhD student in philosophy, I am routinely humbled by brilliant faculty members. But no academic conference has ever humbled me quite as much as this agonizingly difficult game. I suppose this is an endorsement."
76561198088471690,Recommended,210970,28966988,Posted: 2 January,all,Bionicwookie,Good.
76561198038916718,Recommended,210970,28980985,Posted: 3 January,all,Zielony nowicjusz,Game of the Year 2016
,Recommended,210970,30341076,Posted: 5 March,all,Photon,"By far, the best puzzle game I've ever played. Every area forces you to have a mental lapse. It starts simple, but becomes incredibly complicated as time goes on."
76561198079647282,Not Recommended,210970,24029596,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lelouch,"At the beginning, this game seems funny. It's very challenging and sort of makes you open your mind, see things from new perspectives, be creative, think laterally. But later in game, it gets kind of stressfull, as it gets out of ideas and instead of adding more mechanics, it simply puts obstacles that get on your nerves."
,Recommended,210970,27887210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vlaaa,Yes
,Recommended,210970,28276301,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"This game is a one-of-a-kind Myst-like experience. Its a sheer marvel whose brilliance never ceases to amaze. Well, at least it never ceases to amaze for the hours of game time that leads up to consulting a walkthrough for all the puzzles and pixelhunting recorders, that you'll inevitably miss.This game isn't a PERFECT marvel. For one, the ending is barely there. The WORST ending will require you to reload an earlier save. I didn't know that reloading was an option, so I spent 18 more hours cursing and redoing the entire game world, until I got back to where I was, so at this point I'm sick of this marvellous game. 53 hours. That's how long I spent with this game.I'll commit the name Jonathan Blow to memory. He has distinguished himself as a developer wonder with this game."
,Recommended,210970,24739271,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Raven,"Great game, graphics are nice and the puzzles are challenging."
,Recommended,210970,25339480,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,uiopy1,"Beautiful amazing game. Made me see the world in a whole new way. Way too expensive, but still a great game."
,Recommended,210970,24431987,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Squilliam Fancyson,Muy dificil
76561197999382681,Recommended,210970,25601201,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,temp,Loved it. Something so immersive about this colourful complex world and the puzzles were absorbing. Great sense of achievement to complete it all! For me this is the best example of an open-world adventure puzzler outside of Myst/Obduction.
,Recommended,210970,25499464,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Monsen,"I recommend this games if you love puzzles just for the sake of puzzles. The game itself is beautiful, but the puzzles themselves are all variations of the same 'Draw a line through a labyrinth' style with various clues in the nearby element to aid you, so some people may find it a bit monotous.I on the other hand loved finding the puzzles, figuring out where the clues where and how to apply them in the context of the puzzle. There are literally hundreds of puzzles on this Island, just finding them all is a challenge in itself."
,Recommended,210970,29384628,Posted: 20 January,all,Stone,Brilliant and clever game. Would recommend it.
,Recommended,210970,29509956,Posted: 26 January,all,bolo,looks ♥♥♥♥ing great and puzzles are also ♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198047009974,Recommended,210970,27178999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SheepFreak,its a game!
,Recommended,210970,30934174,Posted: 3 April,all,JimPix,good
76561198054234829,Recommended,210970,30925270,Posted: 3 April,all,Tibarnius,"Most godawfully boring audio logs in all of gaming history. if you're like me, you will be begging them to shut the hell up, and then you will avoid them the rest of the game.Puzzles are good though"
76561197970754741,Recommended,210970,30934177,Posted: 3 April,all,Boone,"Great game. Wish there were a linux version, but other than that I'm hugely satisfied."
,Recommended,210970,28235705,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Frosty Grin,Fascinating and engrossing.
,Recommended,210970,30658978,Posted: 21 March,all,0wen,THis game is an omage to Myst.  You're placed on an island that's filled with an insane # of puzzles of varying difficulty to solve.  Exploration and a keen eye for details are the keys to gaining insight on how to solve different types of puzzles that you'll enocunter.
76561198064601942,Recommended,210970,29370896,Posted: 19 January,all,HeartofGold,A masterpiece
76561197961767278,Not Recommended,210970,33198111,Posted: 3 July,all,yakuza[milkman],"This might be a good game but I'll never know because the Mac OS X port is not very good at this time.  I have a maxed-out Late 2015 27"" iMac and at the recommended settings - medium detail, full screen - many scenes of this game are a total slideshow.  The game crashes outright every hour or two of play."
,Recommended,210970,28700928,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,caleb89,feels like a looooong dream full of puzzle
,Not Recommended,210970,30380031,Posted: 7 March,all,Mallidge,"Puzzle variety just isn't there, so the game gives you tons of filler puzzles of the same type, i.e. those stupid tetris shapes. I suspect that it was a deliberate gameplay choice by the devs, but I really do hate how slowly your character moves, and how the environment moves. If everything didn't take so long to just ""happen"", I could have shaved off a few hours from completion time.Bottom line - Only enjoyed the game for some of the time, and have no desire to ever launch it again. Would have been a better mobile game with the line-drawing mechanic being so central."
76561197970313578,Recommended,210970,30269973,Posted: 1 March,all,spheretubebox,Jonathan Blow is likely genius level IQ. The Witness is a VERY challenging game if you're not that into puzzle games.
76561198262572593,Recommended,210970,34825826,Posted: 8 September,all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,After 100 hours I can confirm this game is grat!!!....help
,Recommended,210970,34898541,Posted: 12 September,all,Kinjo,"At first, I wasn't sure this game would live up to the developer's previous game, Braid.  On the surface, you are simply drawing lines on panels, and that could seem pretty boring. But it's so much more than that!The Witness is definitely one of my favorite games. Everything in this game has meaning -- you might just need to look from a different perspective to see it. It's a very deep and philosophical exploration, recommended for those who like that sort of thing. You'll also be solving lots and lots of puzzles, so it might not be for everyone, but I absolutely loved it."
76561198118420122,Recommended,210970,34895246,Posted: 11 September,all,tyjle,Environment Porn
76561198030000621,Recommended,210970,33364576,Posted: 7 July,all,Coast,"A gem of a puzzle game. At the start, I was a bit unsure what I was suppose to do. I wondered if some of the puzzles might become too complex for me, or if some would simply require guess work or trial-and-error. However, through exploration, I slowly started to learn 'the rules' of the puzzles and realised that, once you get your head around them, the solutions are fairly straight forward. I completed the main part of the game and only had to look up a hint once. There is a story to be discovered too, but it is fairly ambiguous. The Witness kinda reminds me of the TV series 'Lost'.A very satisfying and original puzzle game."
,Recommended,210970,33075227,Posted: 1 July,all,maxkool,"There are many good games, yet so few are ""good"" in the same sense that this game is. Drawing a parallel to cinema, most games are good in the same sense in which Guardians of the Galaxy is good. Entertaining but rather shallow and hardly memorable. The Witness is one of only a handful of games that are ""good"" in the same way that like Schindler's List is a good film. Or Magnolia. Films that make you think and feel without resorting to cheap tropes, and probably have no explosions.This is not just a puzzle game."
76561198036908976,Recommended,210970,24974037,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,kthejoker20,A great game.  I would love if they made a team playing mode or an expansion pack.
,Recommended,210970,28166923,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,galloooooo,Simply a masterpiece. Best puzzle game ever.
,Recommended,210970,32652061,Posted: 22 June,all,Nikk | No Fuchs given,Find new ways to solve the same puzzle over and over again. You can also walk around!
,Recommended,210970,25707079,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,>penis inspection day,The most satisfying puzzle game I've ever had the pleasure of playing.
76561198126975019,Recommended,210970,29168156,Posted: 10 January,all,wolfinston85,"Really simple concept, you start in a beautiful island and then you move on to complete ""labyrinth puzzles"" that only serve to then open other parts of the island in which you complete... more labyrinth puzzles...In all in all a really nice game, just kinda overrated so far, don't know if there's more, there's probably more, but for now, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,210970,35252047,Posted: 27 September,all,NDDD,meh
,Recommended,210970,30900029,Posted: 2 April,all,the_sociophobic,"Mindbending and immersiveLost my job, because of itNo regrets"
,Recommended,210970,28022939,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skelotic,"Probably my favorite game of the year, it combines great puzzles with a cool atmosphere and amazing graphics."
,Recommended,210970,27551831,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BehrHands💯💯,Really pretty way to explore the depths of your brain.
,Recommended,210970,27549700,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FreakingHeck,Love it... still stuck... still love it.
76561198084074046,Recommended,210970,27582802,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akemi Homura,An insanely atmospheric experience that slowly draws you in with simple mechanics that build upon each other ending with puzzle that will truly test your ingenuity and logical reasoning. A masterpiece in how puzzle games should be put together.
76561198098539832,Recommended,210970,25763028,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ravenous Bugblatter Beast,"If you like line puzzles this is your game. Really enjoyed the atmosphere. And the ""story""."
,Recommended,210970,27618948,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Major Del,Mindboggling brilliant.
,Recommended,210970,32020926,Posted: 28 May,all,atthecarnival,"Easily my favorite puzzle game, it is incredibly clever in the way you use the environment to solve the puzzles. It doesn't hold your hand, the environment is peaceful, and it makes you feel smart when you figure out an important piece! Well worth the price for the amount of content and intelligence."
,Recommended,210970,34365478,Posted: 19 August,all,chizzy,"Don't be fooled, everything in this game is either a starting point, path, or end to something else."
76561198042996851,Recommended,210970,35435512,Posted: 2 October,all,timsauerwein,I really enjoyed this game.  Very creative puzzles and beautifully rendered world.
,Recommended,210970,31068773,Posted: 10 April,all,xevious2,"Nice puzzles, but they all begin to look a lot the same after a while, it's hard to remember all the rules if you come back and decide to play again later. Suggest playing in one sitting or a least a weekend sitting."
,Not Recommended,210970,32191157,Posted: 4 June,all,Palumboss,"This game is very over-rated. The puzzles are not that interesting esspecially when compared to the far superior ""The Talos Principal."" It looks nice but that's not what you should be looking for in a puzzle game. You should be looking for, well, the puzzles. Line puzzles are fun at first, but they get old. Rellay old. There's little differences in the type of line puzzle but overall, if you are looking for a good puzzle game, play ""The Talos Principal."""
,Not Recommended,210970,21329978,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ogremindes,"This game is a lengthy, chill puzzle game... most of the way through. Then near the end you get the carpet pulled out from under you and are thrown into an RNG-based time-attack which, if you're anything like me, will just make you angry. So I recommend avoiding this one, unlessboth50+ hours of super-chill puzzle explorationandstressful, randomized time-attacks that you will fail repeatedy sound like fun to you."
,Not Recommended,210970,23625671,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,joyfullyDeadly,"This game managed to make simple mechanics into something condescending. It over-sells itself in the description, but if you're looking for a bunch of puzzles, you found 'em. The biggest puzzle is why the developers felt that this game was ready to ship:- A decent number of the puzzles will give you ZERO feedback for why you failed to solve them ""properly""- Every once in a while, the puzzles will introduce new rules. This is good. What's not good is the way the rules are communicated. I've solved maybe 20-or-so puzzles without knowing why my solution was the ""right"" one.- Most puzzles can be solved systematically, and this is very unsatisfying. Systematically figuring out the combination for a combolock is not fun. Neither is systematically trying every turn on the grid by eliminating obviously unviable options and trialing the potentially correct paths.- While the world has variety, it has no life. This may be intentional, but it does not make me want to explore it any more than I have to in order to find my next puzzle.- Finding the puzzles is almost less rewarding than solving them systematically. ""Oh great, after wandering for an hour, I've stumbled upon yet another glorified combolock.""There's only two good things about the game so far:- Lots of puzzles. LOTS. More puzzles than I will ever want in any game. This is almost a negative.- The first handful of puzzles aren't terrible, and occassionally, there's one (read it: ONE) puzzle that makes me feel smart or accomplished.Other than that, this game is just a giant slog of combolock after combolock after mindless wandering after combolock."
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,210970,20792372,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Winterspark,"The puzzles are cute enough and certainly have hints of Braid about them but they are set in an empty world with no soul and no explantaion as to why I should want to solve the puzzles, except for the reward of solving more puzzles. That in itself is an excercise in frustration that without any apparent advancement or reward becomes a pretty futile excercise. Often you will barely notice you have even solved a puzzle as it is so rare to see anything happen once you have solved them. If you are looking for something to fill the vacuum created by the Talos Principle, you will not find it here."
76561198025457924,Recommended,210970,20883985,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Zevvion,"I had a date last night with Sharon. I met her on the train. Apparently, she's not sure she wants to stay in this country, she never had a long term relationship and she is also liked by a guy named Mike. Sharon is less of a complicated situation than The Witness."
,Not Recommended,210970,21163715,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,felipefrancisco,It is definitely not worth.
,Not Recommended,210970,21180349,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Thebigpanda,Played for 20 minutes. Really really repetitive gameplay. Nothing like braid. Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,210970,24385682,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Serotoninphobe (Farewell ¥15),"You are in front of a mathematics test paper, taking an examination. A seemingly impossible fill-in-the-blank question has bugged you for a long time, you realize that with the given conditions, even if you exhausted all methods you have learned so far, it is still far from solvable. The clock is ticking, you fall in despair.Unexpectedly, a wind blows the paper onto the floor. While picking it up, you notice a semicircular coffee cup stain on the back of the paper, which makes up a perfect circle with the organic pattern of the marble tile on the floor. Circle was reminiscent of the sun, you stare into the sun outside the window, have your faith replenished, partly.Through a mere reflection on the glass facade of the opposite building, your split vision lands on the apple tree on the playground. It is an apple tree with birds on its branches: a pigeon, a sparrow and a crow. That is, three birds in total, you ponder.Three, was reminiscent of triangle; Triangle symbolizes the Illuminati; Illuminati was founded in 1776 at Bavaria, Germany. Wait a second, the country code for Germany is …... 49!A sense of epiphany overwhelms your mind, you know you have made it. You write the answer 49 onto the paper, with a contented smile on your face.--- The Witness in a Nutshell[All Achievements Acquired on 4 Feb, 2016][Final Verdict: 78/100]"
,Not Recommended,210970,22389250,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Zeekerss,"This was a REALLY pretty game. Absolutely stunning visually. However, I felt like it was missing something. A storyline, perhaps? What am I going to witness in this world that's so spectacular? What are you going to get for finally finishing this line of puzzles? A new element to make those tile puzzles even more complicated..Then what will you get for finally finishing them? Literally nothing else, except for a sense of accomplishment which is usually ""How was I supposed to figure that out??"" instead. The game is about conveying puzzle concepts and building upon them without using words to tell the player what to do, but a lot of the time that doesn't work entirely. Sometimes, the creator of the puzzles clearly thought in a different way than I did and I ended up misunderstanding something completely. In the end it feels like such a waste of time. (Also that's not a completely unique concept. It's a thing that many puzzle games have done, but people who like this game tend to advertise it as if it's a new thing this game has invented. I'm not sure why.)There was so much they could have done in this amazing world, but instead they filled it with tile puzzles. Usually those puzzles don't require ANY interaction with the world to solve, which makes them feel out of place and pointless-- the moments when they do require using the environment are my favorite moments of the game, but there's just not enough of those moments.(Also, the description for the game, boasting that it has over 500 puzzles, says, ""There's no filler; each of those puzzles brings its own new idea into the mix,"" which is obviously false. What the heck?)"
,Recommended,210970,21974920,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,t-richards,"Hands-down, the most clever puzzling I've ever had the pleasure of solving. Frustrating, but rewarding. Difficult, yet casual. This game was worth every penny."
,Recommended,210970,20775614,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Crying In The Club,"Really enjoyed the vibe of this game! Try playing it with a cup o' your favorite beverage and a good pair of headphones!True, it's price is a bit steep for an indie game of it's caliber, but the graphics, sound, voice acting and general atmosphere are really top notch and have been molded to perfection!10/10 - MUST BUY!"
76561198045935974,Not Recommended,210970,22453540,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,weeve9,"In the years leading up to the release of The Witness, from the trailers i surmised the game would follow the lead of Riven or Myst.  I was mistaken.  it's a puzzle solving game that contains not a drop of adventure or mystery.  from my perspective it is a souless game but is an intense intellectual exercise built within a beautiful environment.  i am a person who thrives on mystery and enjoys good puzzles as an important part of the gaming experience but this game left me blue with cold."
,Not Recommended,210970,21533993,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nicodemus,"I love puzzle games, and count Myst, Portal and The Talos Principle among my favorite ever, but I just can't stand the puzzles in The Witness. I find them boring, tedious, and pretentiously difficult. Anyone can make difficult puzzles by working backwards from the solution, and obfuscating the steps, but it takes real design prowess to make puzzles that are fun and rewarding to solve. The Witness just mocks you constantly, and dares you to think you have a brain. I got to a point where I solved a puzzle, then it gave me the exact same puzzle again, but with the paths broken so I had to find another solution. It really just felt like a big middle finger. And I just don't want to have to sit through any more of the videos and sound bites. As soon as I had the thought, ""maybe I should just use a walk through to solve all the annoying puzzles so I can see what there is to the rest of this game"" then I knew it was over for me. I have zero desire to play any more. It's sad, because it's a really beautiful game and really has a Myst vibe. I don't know how far I am in the game, but I've gotten a couple of the lasers and quite a ways through several others."
,Recommended,210970,25106391,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,debrisplease,"The only two words I've said out loud while playing this game are ""♥♥♥♥"" and ""A-ha!"". Have fun."
76561198082055882,Recommended,210970,20803086,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,RacoonMousePad,Love it
,Recommended,210970,20799788,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Enforcer,It suprises again and again.
76561197979145759,Recommended,210970,20795248,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Lemming,"Amazing enthralling game. Be warned: You will think everything is great and then you will come to a wall of difficulty. You will stare at it, trying to grasp it's true nature. An invisible hand will take your head and smash your face into the wall, and for the rest of the game you'll have a bloody nose and bad memory problems.Get your notebook and pen out. You will feel smart from accomplishing anything after awhile"
76561197984902701,Not Recommended,210970,21598481,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The Blinja,"The witness is a puzzle game, with mild elements of exploration. Having come into this game expecting akin to Braid I was sorely disappointed. I am dissapointed, not because this game doesn't have puzzles or atmosphere, but because its a very isolating game. While figuring out the puzzles there is no background music, no overarching narrative - just the complusion to better your puzzle solving skills.Don't get me wrong, the puzzles in this game are great. The build up of the puzzle design is great. The art design is great - but it feels hollow overall. I guess I could liken this game to someone making a rubiks cube simulator with hundreds of different rubiks cubes. Is there hours of game play here - yeah - is it misleading in its purpose - no. Would I play it for hours on end - no.In regards to the puzzles specifically, as mentioned previously I feel like they are well done, but at the same time some of them start to feel gimmicky. I can't think of a good example of this, but I feel like puzzles should be self-contained, and should not require the environment outside of the puzzle to solve.Is the witness a good puzzle game? YesIs the witness a game that I would recommend? No"
,Recommended,210970,20889043,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,3 Shirtless Men,"it's a beautiful, thoughtful, challenging and engrossing puzzle game."
,Recommended,210970,20783712,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,d00d3n,"I just love how the game refuses to confirm your theories about how the general puzzle mechanics work, other than approving/rejecting your solutions. Assumptions that are wrong, or only partially true, can seem correct after having some puzzles approved, but a couple of minutes/hours later you will hit a brick wall when the game uses your false assumptions against you.I am sure this will be topped, but my biggest ""aha moment"" this far was discovering the true properties of black/white/colored blocks:I initially assumed that the point was to close vertical and horizontal ""line of sight"" between differently colored blocks with my lines, which solved a couple of puzzles, but then inexplicably stopped working. After failing to apply my theory to more and more puzzles, I started to doubt my assumptions, and understood that the point was to border off differently colored blocks in separate spaces. This was not enough, though, because I later learned (after banging my head against the wall for almost one hour) that the same color could be bordered off in multiple spaces.A corollary to this great feature is that cheating on even a single puzzle should be a surefire way of sucking the fun out of the game. If you avoid that kind of thing, my early impression is that this is a phenomenal puzzle game. It is a must-play for anyone who likes puzzle games with brain teasers, really."
,Not Recommended,210970,28989773,Posted: 3 January,all,TheLegend27,It's like the Talos Principle but with only the tetris pads.
76561197985078844,Not Recommended,210970,28811633,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Poopbutt101,"Your character wakes up in a room, no intro, no diaglog, no context. You're expected to know where to go next and what to do. That's fine, some players like mystery and figuring out what to do on their own.Then you realize thats the rest of the game. It never tells you what level you should do next. It never explains to you the new mechanic each level introduces for a puzzle. It never actually explains the context for the game, why your character is doing puzzles or context for anything.I think anyone like me, who doesn't have infinite free time, will resort to looking up solutions when they get stuck for over an hour. You first think, ""man I wish I wasn't bad at this game and didn't have to look up answers"". Then once you look up the answer, you realize you're not stupid, the game just sucks and some puzzles it does a really bad job with. Solutions to puzzles should make sense, and some are done so poorly they just don't.My biggest problem with this game is it's very smug and pretentious, and thinks it's clever by not ""holding your hand"".Trust me buy portal 2 instead: its 3 dollars right now with the steam sale. It's a fun expereinmce, has a story, and feels like an actual game. Each level teaches the player new concepts and builds upon what they already know, the witness simply says ""figure it out, I don't care if it doesn't make sense"".I recomend watching a youtube video summarizing the game instead. The experience will be far less frustrating and save you time and money."
76561198117609667,Not Recommended,210970,29885382,Posted: 12 February,all,DarkMilitant,"- Warning: You might find this review as a little spoiler -I normally love puzzle games, but this one tries to be profound making the player waiting for a profound story, but in the end if you do the last step of the game you won't have the chance to finish it 100% and there doesn't seem to be a complete story telling what the witness observes.All the stone statues make you curious, but you won't be told what it's all about.If you are finished all that you have done will be reset - very frustrating.There are only two achievements of which one you will receive if you finish the game.. :/I love the many different puzzle types very much, but the further you get in the game of each type the numbers of puzzles become less.In addition the puzzles start easy and only after a few they become very hard. The difficulty level raises too abrupt, a more smooth difficulty raising would be more nice.This game is I think in parts more appropriate for hard core puzzlers :o), because you do not only need to find out the solution for a puzzle, but first of all the rules for the puzzle/how it is meant to be solved.This game is not suitable for relaxing after-work hours in my opinion :o)The graphics are very nice, it's a beautiful island, but for such a nice environment and the basically great idea the sound is really awkward. It sounds more like a horror/shock game. You would wait for something creepy to happen or something to scare you, but it wouldn't come.I would have expected more cheerful soundtracks.The sound when solving puzzles steals my concentration and is fraught. I thought of this game a more relaxing gameplay.It's a pity, but I cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,210970,20779076,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,шапка,"Dense, beautiful, challenging game. Will update as I play through more and more of it.UPDATE: My nominee for ""Best Use of Line Puzzles"""
,Recommended,210970,20780527,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,robot,"8 years later and Braid still haunts me with it's various intricacies. Having said that I wasted no time putting stylus to tablet and marking out as many notes, sketches, etc as I possible could as I begun this new beast know as The Witness. After about 2 hours of play time, Blow and team deliver on clever puzzles, entirely live up to ""I want the player to continue to reform their opinions as they play"", and execute with an incredibly visually beautiful game. Again, after Braid I can't figure out if I'm obsessing over nothing or actually drawing conclusions from the environment which can only lead me to believe ""Well then the game must be 'working'""Genuine congrats to Jonathan ""The Riddler"" Blow on creating (so far) a genuinely awesome, unique, challenging and rewarding experience. Much respect sir. Much respect."
,Not Recommended,210970,29531967,Posted: 27 January,all,Shoot the Doctor FIRST!,"The Witness is a puzzle game that makes you uninterested in solving puzzles. Most of your time will be spent trying to figure out what the mechanics of the puzzle are. The puzzles themselves are fairly trivial once you know how they work, mostly they're a chore.There is no discernible story, just a bunch of audio recordings about having faith and believing in God. The ending is so bad it feels like a hoax.tl;dr Looks stunning, plays horribly."
,Recommended,210970,23673474,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,navmahay,"The way the game teaches you the rules required to solve puzzles is one of the best experiences I've had this year... you feel intelligent and creative and awed. It's a 'eureka moment' simulator. When it's over, you are left with a very deep and intuitive understanding of what it means to play."
76561198046869604,Recommended,210970,20780768,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Wumpabomination,After finishing I'm going to hate mazes
,Recommended,210970,20865755,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Airman,This is the first review for a game I've written in years.  I just need to get this out of the way and say this game is goddamn mind blowing.  It simultaneously makes you feel like a genius and a dumbass.It's brilliant.  Pick it up if you even remotely like puzzle games.
76561198093247459,Not Recommended,210970,33191354,Posted: 3 July,all,RIP,"Though its puzzles appear simplistic, they are quite clever and get plenty complicated. However, the ending is a big slap in the face for all players. It clearly made me regret my purchase. This game is clearly made to enjoy the puzzles, but if you expect to get a something satisfying in the end, think again."
,Recommended,210970,23878644,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mr_Snugglestuffs,Connect the dots simulator 2016.
,Not Recommended,210970,25141863,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dapgo,"I was expecting so much more...I LOVE puzzle games, from a story driven masterpiece as the 999 series to a simple puzzle game like Hexcells. In this case, when I read the description for The Witness I was amazed, and was expecting an island full of all kinds of clever and distinct puzzles, I was imagining that in every area you would se a different kind of puzzle and be entertained for hours.The truth about this game is, you better enjoy labyrinth puzzles, because thats all you're getting! What they meant by having different types of puzzles per island area is that in one part you might have to use shadows of trees to solve a labyrinth and in another area you need the sun's reflection, but it is all done with LABYRINTH TYPE PUZZLES. after a couple of hours I was bored out of my mind. Just compare the gameplay with 999 or Puzzle Agent, in those games you truly get a variety of puzzle types with different themes.Also another thing I hated is how the island feels like a huge rail, because when you walk somewhere you have to follow a path, you cant jump or get over small obstacles, it feels VERY restrictive and its frustrating that you have to circle around to get where you want to go.I can see why a lot of people like this game, but not me."
,Recommended,210970,22286291,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Aurongel,"The Witness is one of the best directed puzzle experiences you will find on any platform. It will be studied by game design students decades from now. The story (if any) is sparse and ethereal, lacking in actual substance. This is absolutely Myst for the modern age and succeeds that game in every single way.This game is a landmark achievement in how to design a puzzle game."
,Recommended,210970,23733341,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Eclypso,"This is an extremely well designed, beautiful, atmospheric puzzle game unlike any other. Do not go in expecting a clear narrative, an easy game or any kind of action. This is a game for your brain that expect and respect intelligence.The game teaches you without any dialogue or text how the mechanics work and lets you come to your own understanding of the rules by slowly upping the complexity. Your rewards for this are simply more puzzles. And more puzzles from that game is the best reward.Go in with the least info possible for the greatest experience! ;)"
,Recommended,210970,23661869,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mediocre Onion Knight,"Wooooah what is this doing not in my list of recommended games??? This is probably the best puzzle game I have ever played (yes, better than Portal, Fez, and Braid). This was directed by the maker of Braid and is very comparable to Fez in that there are enviromental clues everywhere and there are constantly deeper and deeper layers to all of the puzzles. This game grabbed me so hard and didn't let go until I was done. I played 30+ hours in a single weekend. That's how enthralled I was by the puzzles.The main idea of this game is that it never teaches you any of the rules to the puzzles. You learn through solving simpler versions of the puzzles and working your way up to the harder ones. I loooved that this game just trusted you to be smart enough to solve everything on your own and that concept made everything so interesting. I'd often come across new mechanics, having no idea how to solve them and end up super curious about it, to the point that I couldn't tear myself away until I knew how to solve that mechanic.This game also had by far the coolest puzzle I have ever seen in a game (the hardest one too). Solving that made me feel like the smartest guy on the planet. Just for that puzzle alone, this game was worth it. I cannot recommend this enough. A must play for everyone who even slightly enjoys puzzle games"
,Recommended,210970,20836357,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Maverick,Loving the game so far!!!  It has feelings of Myst!  I recomend keeping a notepad nearby because these puzzles are tough and drawing out a few of them helps!
76561198013588050,Not Recommended,210970,28971404,Posted: 3 January,all,asinop,"Love maze puzzles? Where your reward for solving one is ... more maze puzzles? Don't care about story? If so, this is your game. Pretty graphics but underneath, the game is no different than a sudoku booklet."
76561197992059881,Not Recommended,210970,22074093,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Matthew,"The Witnessis not the game I expected. The trailer focused on exploration and a beautiful soundtrack. I expected a game likeBraidorMyst. Instead,The Witnessis a puzzle book in the medium of a video game. There's no story, no characters, no music. Only a beautiful island filled with nuanced sounds, disconnected philosophical musings, and oodles of puzzles. The puzzles are their own reward.The primary gameplay is solving puzzles in silence. The puzzles come in just one variety: mazes. They differ only in rules required to solve. Advanced mazes can depend on abstract and surprising interactions between unrelated rules. I often feltThe Witnesswas gloating over my failure: Some puzzles resort to frustrating gimmicks like visual obstruction, loud noises, or timers.The Witnessprovides no accesibility features. Some puzzles require perception of sound or color to solve. These puzzles are optional, but these puzzles are not (and cannot be) clearly marked. Deaf or colorblind players should avoid."
,Not Recommended,210970,20969581,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Weezle,"I like Myst, I like puzzle games, I love adventure games. I somehow thought this was something else than a walk simulator with sudoku book. It's fun for a while, about first 50 puzzles. Then it is just annoying."
,Recommended,210970,24008320,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,C R I S P Y B A B Y,Stopped playing a few days but I still spend all my time in RL looking for circles and lines.
,Recommended,210970,22294225,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,surfpossum,Probably the best game (for me) of the past decade or so.
,Not Recommended,210970,21517479,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,FreezerBag,"Possibly the most pointless game I've ever played, and that is really saying something."
,Not Recommended,210970,21449940,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Im_Regular_Stormy,"ok, so I didnt like it.  I bought into the hype and purchased at full price.  I sat down with my daugher (15) and we started playing.  After two hours, she got up and walked away...  She kept saying, ""I dont see a point"".  The ""mystery"" (aka lack of context) was not an appealing component for her.  I soldiered on for another hour and took a break.  Two weeks later, I have not had the desire to return."
76561198042205779,Not Recommended,210970,22638868,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ryerah,"Puzzles are fun, graphics are meh. But I think I'd enjoy it more if it didn't make me feel motion sick while playing."
,Recommended,210970,23442991,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Quickfragger,What do you get if you fuse Myst with Portal? Something along the lines of The Witness. A game that radiates massive devotion and feel very well made. One moment you feel you have cracked the code of the game but a split second later the game changes every rule you know and leave you at square one at the next puzzle.
76561198095461993,Recommended,210970,23386445,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jokingjoey,"A suprisingly satisfying game.It doesn't hold your hand and the rewarding feeling you get because of this is the real draw.The envionment is beautiful; I look forward to sinking many more hours into this game, attempting to unlock all of the island's secrets."
,Recommended,210970,23779038,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MattyIce7492,"Beautiful game that keeps surprisng you. While the puzzles occasionally get repetitive, its a deeply enjoyable game.I personally liked that you had to figure out EVERYTHING for yourself."
,Recommended,210970,29519548,Posted: 27 January,all,AJ Dinmore,Absolutely amazing.
76561198220511057,Recommended,210970,21298498,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,bung,its fun but theres so many times were i cant solve puzzles im im clueless after a while u figure out u half to get this other thing to help this thing like in one part of the game it gives u little space to do a puzzle but then u figure out u must solve other things to open it further but its hard to solve those other things otherwise its a great game but some parts are quite challenging i recomend it if ur into puzzle games or want to try something new and if ur willing to pay $40 its definitly worth it in my opinion! :)
76561198029152268,Not Recommended,210970,29277471,Posted: 15 January,all,the Onion Man,"The first few hours are magical. Then the tedium sets in. And the unresolved questions: What are all these panels doing here? What's up with the statues? Where am I?It's one thing to be vague or mysterious or suggestive. It's quite another thing to not even attempt any kind of explanation. This game was clearly a victim of its years-long development process. It is beautiful and occasionally brilliant. But only occasionally. The rest of the time it is opaque, directionless, repetitive, and--the cardinal sin for any game--boring."
,Not Recommended,210970,28821816,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,こどくし,"The Witness has a huge amount of puzzles that progress at a nice logical pace, and the highlight of the game I think is that it doesn't explain it's puzzle mechanics at all.  You have to figure them out by doing the puzzles yourself, which makes for a very nice experience that you don't often see in these kinds of puzzle games.  Most of the puzzles are either based on spatial logic or through a very specific mechanic that you have to figure out based on cues from the world around you.  I didn't find the puzzles too difficult (though I only played through about 7 areas in 4 hours: the treetops, the paint marsh, both the orange and pink colored tree areas, the ruins and the cliffside, and of course the intro area) so I don't know if the end game puzzles ramp up in difficulty.  The game is very nice graphically as well.The main reason I didn't enjoy this game was due to its open world combined with its lack of a story.  One or the other would have been fine, but both of these together kind of killed the game for me.  I spent a lot of time just walking around (there's no auto run option either) trying to find the next puzzle, and there are just large spaces between each of the puzzle solving areas for no apparent reason.  For people who play the marsh area, theres this one platform that takes AGES to move about 3 feet, and you literally just have to sit there and wait each time you want to cross.  Absolutely no reason for it to be that slow.  For a puzzle game, I just want to have access to the next puzzle as quickly as possible, I don't want to run around looking for it or waiting for it to show itself.  I understand that the world itself is part of the puzzle, but surely the distances and wait times didn't need to be so long.  The open-worldness of the game could have been acceptable IF there was a story, but there isn't.  The Talos Principle got away with a huge world because it had an extremely interesting story.  In the Witness, there's a ""theme"" to the game that is presented through hidden audio logs, but nothing more.  The end result is that there's no direction or motivation in the game, and I ended up very bored running around looking for the next puzzle or area, and ultimately decided that it wasn't worth the time investment to keep playing.  The puzzles themselves were enjoyable, but not good enough to keep me interested in the game.  Honestly just feels like laziness or arrogance to not come up with a story and force the player to spend so much time looking for the puzzles.TL;DR, Good puzzles but terrible open world combined with lack of narrative make it a chore to play. 5.5/10"
76561198006259193,Not Recommended,210970,28964226,Posted: 2 January,all,bushberrycrunch,"I know there are people who would, and do, love this game. It's just not for me. The exploration is fun to an extent, but there really is no story, and the exploration just leads to puzzle inception. Your reward for solving a puzzle is more puzzles. It's an interesting concept with potential to be a great game, but it just felt very one-note and uninteresting to me.If you're a person who loves puzzles and challenging yourself, then this is for you. If your looking for an exploration game with any story, however, you're better off looking elsewhere."
76561198014491489,Recommended,210970,23869845,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,IPe,Piece of art
76561198059403408,Recommended,210970,29568584,Posted: 29 January,all,Carl Boland,"By far the best game I've ever played, cannot recommend this enough..."
,Recommended,210970,22904947,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Grant,It's a great game if you like line puzzles and aren't colorblind!You might still like it if you're okay with puzzles or have mild colorblindness.Not recommended if you hate puzzles or can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198074470086,Recommended,210970,21345704,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,JoshyMufasa,O-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
76561198261315379,Recommended,210970,22215832,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,junio1111,What a great game!
76561198081507946,Recommended,210970,21204241,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,thomas.frank.82,The Witness is a divisive game. Personally I enjoyed my time with the game very very much and recommend the game even at full price to anyone who enjoys puzzle games.
76561198026365722,Not Recommended,210970,26192920,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Omni,"I liked it for the first two hours or so, then I realized it was all the same puzzle just with different gimmicks. ""Oh use shadows here."" ""Make this shape there."" It's a good time waster but that's about it. Good for benchmarking your PC's graphics card too though."
,Recommended,210970,20944151,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,hollo47,Jon Blow's mad magnum opus!
,Recommended,210970,20944588,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,A Large Cup of Salt,This game gives me the same headaches I had when I played SpaceChem. Whether you consider this a good or a bad thing is up to you.
,Recommended,210970,20944528,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,mc-escher,Seriously enjoying
,Not Recommended,210970,29027193,Posted: 4 January,all,Dick Masterson,"If vidoegames are novels, the Witness is a poem that doesn't rhyme in an alien language.  I don't know what's worse - the world that exists where I played this game to completion or the one where I never bought it and wondered how amazing it is.  Either way, the island is nice to walk around.  Then, like satan, Jonathan Blow possesses your soul with puzzle after unsolvable puzzle like a negative reinforcement experiment straight out of Ghostbusters where the only reward is a Willy Wonka elevator ride and the knowledge that if you haven't 100% completed this game you have to do all that over again to find anything new.  Jonathan Blow is both Albert Einstein and Ed Gein rolled into one.  I love you."
,Recommended,210970,29531914,Posted: 27 January,all,JohnnyCrash45,Worst exploration puzzle game if you hate the genre.
,Not Recommended,210970,35008200,Posted: 16 September,all,rainbow squids,"this review may seem a little ridiculous, coming from someone who had played over 70 hours of the witness. in all honesty, i accidentally left this game on for 24 hours, and there are a couple other reasons figuring into this huge amount of hours spent on a game i didn't really enjoy.if you're looking for a good puzzle game, the witness is a puzzle game. it's good, in some means, and terrible in others. if you'd like a spectacular review of this game that genuinely shows it in its true nature, please check out joseph anderson's review of it on youtube. i highly reccommend it, and it's humorous, extremely well done, and can keep you interested for 40 straight minutes.let's start with the basics. the main problem with this game is how frustrating it can be. the main point, as one probably knows, are mazes for you to solve, scattered throughout an island. as you progress, the puzzles gain symbols that have a specfic property, from drawing shapes with the lines to separating blocks of different colors. the idiotic part of this is that, with no specfic instructions, you're left to figure out what in the hell each one means. this of course, means that everyone will end up with different interpretations of what the symbols mean, and not neccessarily what the developer wants them to think. this creates an artificial difficulty where you think the puzzle is legitmately hard and you think you know all the rules, but then it turns out that it was trying to introduce something new to you. the difficulty is artificial because it's less like it's difficult for you to solve it because the puzzle is actually hard and more like it's because of something that you didn't even know. some parts were extremely easy for me, but others found them very hard, and vice versa. this results a lot in you staring a screen, failing and failing over and over for hours on end. and i mean literal hours. this game is not something short - no, puzzles for me have taken 2, 3 hours just for one. joseph, above, pointed out that the steam page literally says that this game treats your time as precious, which as you progress, continually shows itself as a blatant lie. and you may assume that with a game with ""500+"" challenging puzzles, this makes for a huge time investment. except for one thing.there aren't really 500+ puzzles.it's pretty clear that this is just a marketing tool, and because as you progress, simple puzzles that consist of a LEGITMATE STRAIGHT LINE add to this count. it's ridiculous and annoying.that's not even to the main part yet - the story. this is what drew me into the witness, something that made me so very inclined to buy it - this mystery of an abandoned island, frozen stone figures, a town in shambles, and a plot, or so i thought, to unfold.this is honestly the most ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i've ever heard, because this game has zero story at all. zero. the ""ending"" consists of you flying around the island as all of the puzzles that you've done, all of the work that you've put into this, slowly unravels. the puzzles turn off, and you're back were you started the very beginning of the game. the game quits. and that's it. t h a t s  i t.there is, of course, a ""secret ending"" which is even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t than the first. finding a secret entrance to a ""lobby"" as it's well-known, you walk around this sky palace, then through what appears to be limbo, and then you wake up. a video plays for a solid ten minutes of a dude stumbling around an office before laying outside in the rain and going back to sleep. honestly, i was a little confused too.the part of the game that annoyed me the most, however, was how stupid half of the puzzles were. there were many sections that i enjoyed - the quarry was probably one of my favorites, as was the shady trees and the keep. besides that, they confused the hell out of me - so much that i didn't know what to do. the jungle was nice for the first few levels, but then spiraled into random puzzles that didn't make sense even after i knew the answer. the swamp did a terrible job of explaining that i could combine tetrises in different ways. for half of the desert ruins. i had no idea how to obtain nor even start to obtain the answers. i get that the glare was the answer, but for most there was no glare to begin with, and experimenting with lights and water levels did nothing to change that. the town was great. i enjoyed it immensely. the mountain was great, but still had some puzzles that still today confuse me. i have no idea how in the hell to solve the puzzle on the final floor of the mountain, and i hated the puzzles on the first floor stuck in that jumble of trash in the center.this isn't even to mention the obelisks, which were some of the best and worst moments i had in the game. the problem with these obelisks puzzles were how contrived they were. when they were in accessible locations and required little effort to solve but actual effort to find, they were at their best. some however. were stupid for the point of being stupid. the main example of this is the one found in the theater as the psalm of 46 plays, where YOU WAIT FOR A ♥♥♥♥ING HOUR FOR THE MOON TO MOVE SO YOU CAN FINISH OFF YOUR PUZZLE. you cannot move. you cannot do anything but sit and wait for it to finish. this similar concept of waiting for a ridiculously ♥♥♥♥ed up amount of time for something to happen also happens in 4 to 5 other places throughout the game, most notably the bridges in the swamp.finally, a little suggestion - for some reason the pc port of the game has only 2 achievements, while the ps4 port has at least 14, including one for each of the lasers. i feel like i would've enjoyed the witness more if those achievements were added to the witness, and gave me feelings of accomplishments while also allowing me to compare myself to other players' standings. with only 2 achievements that you can only get about 20 hours into the game, there wasn't really any way for me to feel good about myself after completing a section. just something to think about.tl dr; this game is great in some aspects, but generally terrible in many. i enjoyed some of my time with the witness, but also hated most of it as well. if you're looking for something in the same vein as braid, look somewhere else. i loved braid. this is nowhere near as good as braid. period. i advise against buying unless you can get it for $5. i got it for $10 and i still think that that money would have been well spent elsewhere."
76561198083917329,Recommended,210970,25979815,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,chino,"A game which you'll feel like you finally understand what was the meaning of puzzles, you feel like you communicate with the world itself, and the architect of the world."
76561197969066488,Recommended,210970,29562821,Posted: 29 January,all,Warlok,A big beautiful puzzle world to explorasolve.
,Recommended,210970,20962685,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BoAli360,لعبة ممتاز
76561197996742427,Recommended,210970,21038438,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,maxamillion1500,"Only 4 hours in and im confident in saying that it's the best puzzle game I've ever played. While you play the game, your brain hurts. When you are not playing, you can't stop thinking about it. I look forward to sinking countless hours into this beautiful and challeging masterpiece."
76561198003058668,Recommended,210970,21112648,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Endy73,Braingasm 2016.
76561198013184917,Recommended,210970,20925205,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Uncle Squingis,The Witness will f*ck your mind through your eyeholes.
,Recommended,210970,22225679,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LawnBuffalo,"This was a really well thought out game, super fun.  My favourite first person puzzler after The Talos Principle."
,Recommended,210970,20961154,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,deuteranopia,It is a good game.
76561197966501038,Not Recommended,210970,20791850,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Kimahn,"i just lost my save file, due to a reccurent bug that make your pc restart.70 hours of my life wasted. everything else is irrelevant. it's the last time i get hype by a 40 bucks indie game.thanks."
,Recommended,210970,24039588,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bokoura,The best puzzle game I've ever played. Period.
76561198032080351,Recommended,210970,21261240,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Calmus Downus,Pareidolia - The Game
,Recommended,210970,20944486,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"This is the gaming equivalent of eating trash from the Whole Foods dumpster.In short, it Jonathan Blows."
76561197982581918,Recommended,210970,30498928,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,♥♥♥♥in puzzles. Fun until you can't it anymore.
,Recommended,210970,26119961,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Atomic Edge,"The Witness is a masterpiece. No game has ever lodged itself in the back of my brain as well as The Witness. ""The Challenge"" was really hard, and really awesome. Buy The Witness."
76561198286656877,Recommended,210970,22350566,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mhocquet,Great game. Lots of challenges. Wonderful landscapes.
,Not Recommended,210970,29929590,Posted: 14 February,all,TOG | Optimus BoxCrate,"I wanted to like this game. Sadly, no.I engaged with it initially - it has an expansive vision, and the graphics were peculiar, the absence of music notable in it's attempt to make the player more mindful. Essentially, that's what the game is about: mindfulness and puzzle-solving. But I think it goes too far into the mindfulness side, and forgets the fun.I enjoyed Braid - it's a different experience (obviously), but it had drama, and atmosphere, and something about it.On a technical side, the game suffers from an extreme lack of necessary linearity - I found myself traipsing from one end of the isle to the other, in an attempt to find tutorial sections for the given puzzle 'types', which, after a while, becomes frustrating and distracting. Also after a while there was no 'flow' - some puzzles simply came down to guessing what the author intended - not unlike an adventure game - rather than deduction.It has it's merits, but at the end of the day, I didn't enjoy it."
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,210970,30821232,Posted: 29 March,all,Vividnightmare,"Beautiful puzzle game with NO explanations on anything. Mainly enjoyed this because of Ansel the Nvidia game photography suite. Got to the brown puzzles in the ruins and gave up. Even with a video walkthrough it became difficult to understand how the puzzles worked. Not sure how this was supposed to work, but the fact it made a big splash and vanished shortly after reveals how well thought out it was. The initial intrigue of this confusing puzzler pulls you in, it's visual beauty awes you, and a few hours later you realize you have no real idea what's going on, how any of the puzzles work or if you're actually working towards anything. There are no directions, the start is the closest thing you get to any tutorial or 'path'. Once you finish that you literally have no heading, you can walk anywhere and see everything, that's not locked of course. There isn't exactly a specific order to how to beat this, however there certainly are harder and easier puzzles and going the wrong direction can rapidly up the difficultly of the puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,21432642,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,xKIT - KE$ER,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198046238612,Recommended,210970,22283614,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Flammlon,This game is just amazing!
76561198066203526,Recommended,210970,21269091,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Gemgamer,"Amazing game, rivals the likes of Portal 2 IMO"
,Not Recommended,210970,35061679,Posted: 19 September,all,thepreeus,"2HARD4ME. I completed 3 areas before getting stumped, and im too stubborn and prideful to look up the answers to the puzzles. I dont think the game teaches the rules for the puzzles well enough, and im not that intuitive. Maybe this game is for you if you are a HARDCORE PUZZLE FAN. However i think this game is taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥Pros are that it has a lovely art style and the way you interact with the environment is insane.After playing this game for more than 3 hours straight im pretty sure you start to see lines and dots everywhere.SPOOKY.Would not recommend for reason at start of review."
,Recommended,210970,29464936,Posted: 24 January,all,dylzim,"The Witness will repeatedly and consistently ask you, ""Do you understand?"" and the journey from ""No I don't,"" to ""Yes I do!"" is worth every penny."
,Recommended,210970,21192236,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Brolo,Truly an amazing game experience. Transcends expectations.
76561197970573862,Recommended,210970,21347828,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Zidz,
76561198018939765,Recommended,210970,21326475,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Chrome_Oo,Excellent!
76561197993466307,Recommended,210970,21352687,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,launzONE,everything / everything
,Recommended,210970,24471318,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sl1mshadys,"I would ♥♥♥♥ this game if i had a chance to.idubbz once said ""what are you a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥?"""
,Recommended,210970,22599061,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Geese Thompson,Today is April 23.It's also Shakespeare's birthday.:OOOOO
,Recommended,210970,22247283,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,maleficent bastard,its a good game
76561198043683473,Recommended,210970,22348918,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sheedrizzle,You might as well play this with a kayak in your♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,210970,22343179,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SubJaeger,Greate game. If you like doing one puzzle in every possible variation.
,Recommended,210970,22656917,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,meta or not meta $
,Recommended,210970,29832345,Posted: 10 February,all,Galluxi,"A very challenging and nice game. I definetely recommend. Beutiful graphics,  hard puzzles etc..."
,Recommended,210970,24248941,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,~StickyHands,"My brain is hurting....... The Witness putts your logic side to the ultimate test, extremely difficult but very satisfying when things work out  10/10"
76561198118592614,Recommended,210970,24542948,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kertyvaen,Beautiful.
,Not Recommended,210970,31329247,Posted: 23 April,all,kazenone,"It started off well with some interesting puzzles, but after a while I put it down and struggled to pick it back up again. There is a good amount of difficulty to the puzzles but it started feeling too same-y for my liking.May be for some, but wasn't for me."
,Recommended,210970,24063405,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Theo,first you get on the boat and then you get on the second boat and see that the island is a puzzle and then you get in the sky boat and see the boat is a puzzle im still confused on the puzzle where you find your will to live 10/10 could be better
,Recommended,210970,21673720,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,check227,I was Jonathan Blown away.
,Recommended,210970,24064642,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,sørn,"Played the game with a friend a while ago, I enjoyed it enough to buy it for myself recently. I boot up the game and within 5 minutes of playing I discover the end of the game entirely by accident. 10/10"
,Recommended,210970,28303139,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,zanicure,In the Hall of the Mountain King? Triggered.
76561198066164940,Recommended,210970,24546405,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,"Daniel Dravot, Esquire",its really good
,Recommended,210970,29377899,Posted: 20 January,all,Chip,Worth the $40 bucks
76561198147532271,Recommended,210970,32419513,Posted: 14 June,all,Silverflash,Just brilliant! A must have!
76561198320452402,Recommended,210970,30976592,Posted: 6 April,all,allino,"very nice graphics, super"
,Recommended,210970,30950885,Posted: 4 April,all,velaak,"Best game design in a while, very pretty, intuitive yet sometimes very challenging puzzles, intelligent decor building...Though the storytelling does not match the Myst experience which can be seen as a strong inspiration, the mystery and sort of magic feeling of wonder si definitly here.What to say... I LOVE it."
76561198288643015,Recommended,210970,28206930,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,AbortionCLINIC,"My most played game of 2016. It's a very difficult game, I play for five minutes at a time."
,Recommended,210970,23897824,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheIlluminator,"open world puzzle game, however  7/10 too much water :'/"
,Recommended,210970,23998496,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The™ Baron,What at first appears to be a simple collection of line puzzles in pretty 3D game world throws in tons of unique mechanics and uses that game world to reinforce your understanding of the puzzles.
,Recommended,210970,23503687,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Yeniza,"Am nowhere near finishing this game. It's beautiful and fun in a challenging way though, I love playing it so far!"
,Recommended,210970,24088254,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ǝqolɐʞouƃǝu,it's pretty good i'd probably give it around 12.3/10 give or take
,Recommended,210970,24128154,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,castavernas,"Amazing puzzle game, beautiful, challenging, inspiring, couldn't ask for more."
76561198038219253,Recommended,210970,27608321,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,孔立安,The best game of 2016.
76561198022403524,Recommended,210970,27547247,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reconz1,Get ready to get Jonathan Blown
,Recommended,210970,25779475,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,polpola721,"Truely a masterpiece! If IGN could, they would've give it a full amazing score of 5/7!"
,Recommended,210970,25783860,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pixelationist,One of the few games that manages to make me feel stupid. Good work Mr Blow.
76561198040479349,Recommended,210970,25824837,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Clakker,Amazingly intricate puzzler with beatiful areas. Buy it if you enjoy solving problems and figuring out what to do next.
,Recommended,210970,21038649,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kink Queen,"i love this game. yes, it can be hard and lead to sleepless nights trying to solve a puzzle, or secret hunt. definitly recommend for people who want a good challenge and as much time and attempts as the player needs"
,Recommended,210970,21162067,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,KT,It's awfully intriguing for a game about corn.
76561198132450898,Recommended,210970,21166811,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MailBox,Love This GAME
,Recommended,210970,21045687,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dru_P,What really hurt my brain was the motion sickness that I felt whenever the character moved. The puzzles are cool too.
76561198158297303,Recommended,210970,21179463,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tik Tak,"I absoluteley loved that, it was so challenging but yet so peacefull. dont get me started on the art... it was so beautiful. A great game to buy and worth every penny 10/10"
76561198067460917,Recommended,210970,21167190,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SuperSolid™,I USED 8 MINNUTES TO COMPLETE THE GAME! ITS BEAUTIFULL THO
76561198068381015,Recommended,210970,21066477,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The_Void,Brilliant.
,Recommended,210970,21068471,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,subATOMIC,Hauntingly beautiful. 10/10
76561198004723197,Recommended,210970,21140638,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Kafein,I actually like puzzles?
,Recommended,210970,21068247,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kremer101,Simple yet challenging puzzle game. Really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,210970,21078757,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jackal326™,"This is the kind of game a government agency would fund, and hide a super-difficult puzzle inside and then secretly monitor who completes said puzzle, then recruit them into a clandestine agency of puzzle solvers9/10"
,Recommended,210970,21143487,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,kitsunii,"puzzles are their own reward.if you agree with the above statement, the witness is for you."
,Recommended,210970,21150769,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,JiminP,NOW I HAVE OCD AFTER HAVE PLAYED THIS GAME
,Recommended,210970,21536221,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Eagleclaw Falconhawk,"It was a good puzzle game, but it was really pretentious. Certainly not worth $40. Buy it if it goes on sale."
76561197999264751,Recommended,210970,21015413,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MBuck,If you enjoy puzzles and exploring you will enjoy this game. The puzzles are clever and the environment is beautiful.
76561197977345941,Not Recommended,210970,34364438,Posted: 19 August,all,DJ Chappy T,"Giving me motion sickness.. never had that before except a couple times playing extensive Rust.. Might change the video settings and try a few more times, just a warning."
76561198064054015,Recommended,210970,24603007,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SeanLukeW,"Awesome experience of intrigue and mystery, this solitary adventure is insightful and challenging."
76561197971608116,Recommended,210970,24630714,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Liam,"Ingenious and often infuriating.  Confounds you for minutes or hours, then surprises and elates you in seconds."
,Not Recommended,210970,34342601,Posted: 18 August,all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,"Its the same puzzle with guiding a line through a maze over and over again. Completing a puzzle is rewarded with..... Another line puzzle. This game is beautiful and could have been so much more if there was more interaction with the environment, maybe incorporate the puzzles into the environment or tell a story with the environment but as it stands its just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rewarded with more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,210970,20773072,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,NickyTheNewt,"This game is not going to be for everyone. If you're looking for a game that has action, violence, and an engaging plot that will keep you on the edge of your seat, look elsewhere. If you're impatient, and if you don't want your brain to hurt, this isn't the game for you. With that being said, in the amount of time I've invested in The Witness so far, it's already one of my favorite puzzle games of all time. The game takes the basic concept of maze puzzles, and introduces new mechanics to them to make you think. It then takes those new mechanics, and gives them a little twist, to make you think even more. And then once you think you've mastered that mechanic, it mixes it with another mechanic that you've previously learned, or even a brand new one. This game is hard, and it doesn't make any attempt to hold your hand. This game is going to make you want to smash your head onto your desk, but in a good way, because you want to conquer this latest puzzle so badly.The game has an incredible atmosphere, with gorgeous visuals and ambient sounds immersing you into this island world. There aren't any graphics settings, which is a huge bummer, but hopefully that is something that could be patched into the game. The vibrant colors of the island really pop off the screen, and the different locations throughout the game are really neat. You can also listen to some audio diaries located throughout the island, which have different quotes from all sorts of different people. This would be a great game to have a podcast on in the background. Not that the sounds are bad, they do a good enough job to keep you immersed in the game while you're playing, but it might be nice to have something else to listen to as well. The controls work great, on both a controller and a keyboard and mouse. Pick whichever one you're more comfortable with. I know a lot of people have been complaining about the $40 price tag, but from what I've played so far, it seems absolutely worth it. There are a ton of puzzles in here, and it's going to take you awhile to beat the game.tl;dr I you want something different than a complex puzzle game that keeps you on your toes with a great atmosphere, you're going to want to look elsewhere. But if you've been craving a game like The Talos Principle or Portal, you should absolutely pick this up. This game is worth the price tag, and it's going to be a long time before you forget your time in The Witness."
,Not Recommended,210970,28525429,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tümay,"If you like this game, okay.However, in my opinion, this game is a joke. It's basically a glorified tablet game. Draw lines, WOW DUDE, SO INNOVATIVE. It has that smarmy ""2deep4u"" approach to storytelling. There's no reason for this game to cost $40 when all you do is draw lines and stick your head up your♥♥♥♥♥trying to figure out what philosophical nonsense the game wants you to understand.It is also disrespectful towards your time, at one point, though optional If I remember correctly, you have to watch a series of videos, one of them is about an HOUR LONG. ONE HOUR. You have to sit in the same spot in order to complete a line for one whole hour.Strip away the environments and what you have is a line drawing game meant for tablets that should cost maybe $5. But because it's by Blow and has environments, that somehow makes it worth $40? Yeah, NO. Should have been $20 max.Therefore, The Witness would not have been my choice for Best Puzzle game. It was OK, the world was beautiful, the progression of the puzzles was well done, but in the end, it wasn't very engaging. There's no real plot to speak of, so there's nothing to keep you interested in the world. I just got bored and lost motivation around the 5-7 hour mark.I much prefer a game has an actual narrative, and provides some intrigue and mystery from start to finish. Also, there's a certain creativity to having your puzzles integrated into the environment, as opposed to just having a TV monitor on stand screaming out THIS IS A PUZZLE, SOLVE ME. I thought that part was lame, and sort of lazy, to be honest anyone can do that."
,Not Recommended,210970,20943825,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Chestnut Bowl,"I had the impression this would be similar to Myst: intriguing puzzles that revealed an engaing story and world. In fact, The Witness is a gorgeous 3D hub for line puzzles. Your reward? More line puzzles."
76561198020399744,Recommended,210970,20794715,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,banov,Makes you think a whole bunch
,Recommended,210970,20791502,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mayor Ignaeon,"An excellent puzzler for those with an open mind, and a wonderful example of good design. can't figure out a puzzle? take a walk around the island, eventually you will find what you need. this game heavily rewards observation, and even though i have yet to finish it, I can't help but reccomend it.The story itself, too, is arguably a puzzle, as rather than be explained to you it must be inferred from your surroundings. a statue here, some tech there, and you begin to get a glimpse of what the hell happened to the people on the island. it isn't straight forward, but rather more of a silent, postapocalyptic log.over all, if you aren't convinced, wait to grab it on sale. this is one of those games that you won't enjoy if you don't go in with an open mind- and i mean very open. if you're the type to get frustrated and give up, or need positive re-enforcement, this probably isn't the game for you; this is a bad analogy, but i'd almost consider this the dark souls equivalent of a puzzle game.10/10 would have an epiphany on how i need to split a puzzle in half on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again."
,Not Recommended,210970,20951207,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,McFoul,"Truman Show meets wang drawing puzzles in the garden.Ever looked at a cloud and thought ""That kind of looks like a wang?"", that's this game in a nutshell x500 nuts. Actually, there is only 1 real wang puzzle with about 500 variations to be fair. While this review is ""negative"", its more a ~ which means its OK, not a bad game by any metric, but nowhere near worth the asking price of $40usd ($60aud at time of writing). I could do a lot with $60, but I chose to buy the witness and cannot refund it, so I'll do the next most cynical thing and not recommend it at full price. $10 definitely, I doubt you'd get your $$ worth at asking price. Consider yourself warned.Here's some pro's and cons:Pro:- Pretty to look at- Its fun to solve the first 100 puzzles or soCon:- Every single puzzle is draw a wang line on a board or a figurative wang on a figurative board. Would have been nicer to have other puzzles, but in essence there are 100's of variations of ""draw a line from entry to exit, but with a twist(s)"".- Some puzzle quest-lines just stop, with no ""reward"" or payoff, unless you consider half-baked ""holier than thou, look how intelligent I am"" philosophy a payoff. Some things in the game ask you to think or look at yourself or something. Not everyone can appreciate intellectual smugness, I certainly do not, The Witness is dripping out the wang full of it.- Many, many puzzles are just frustrating. Do you enjoy being stumped for hours looking at a single puzzle hopeless to try and figure it out? Then in a flash of inspiration you solve it, seemingly unsure how you never saw the answer before, only to be rewarded with an even more obtuse and harder puzzle in the same vein that you have to stare at for hours? Some are so obtuse until you run around half the island to find the ""tutorial"" puzzle teaching you how to actually do it. Even once you have learned a puzzle rule-set, some can be just a flat-out waste of time actually pulling off.- Many times you can see a puzzle solution staring you right in the face, you can literally see the wang right there in front of you, but have no clue how to pull it off.- Some of the hardest puzzle's only reward is more puzzles, or a simple puzzle, which are by themselves are super obtuse (hard to explain without spoilers). Some could consider that good game-play design, I consider it a waste of time. I don't find partitioning of knowledge endearing, I play games to understand the rules then enact those rules towards victory with various levels of skill:success. The Witness too often feels like playing a game of chess and trying to solve a check without knowing how half the pieces move, all while Johnny Blow laughs at you on the other side of the board.- The whole game feels like pseudo-intellectual ♥♥♥♥♥♥y. Extremely pretentious high-minded faff, ITS FREAKIN WANG MAZE PUZZLES MANG, get over yourself sheesh.- In all reality, this could have been a $10 puzzle game without all the highfalutin window dressing of ""an open world"". The $40 ($60aud) you pay is basically for a super pretty but painfully un-interactive ""open-world"" with absolutely  nothing going on and very little to no story or payoff for all the work you put in. And no, I don't consider drawing wangs in the scenery to be ""interaction"", even if you have to position yourself *just right* to see the wang fully.- It almost seems designed to reign you in for over 2 hours so that by the time you realise there's :A: Nothing going on but wang puzzles :B: There is no story or point to the wang puzzles besides very minor (basically pointless) spoilers :C: The first 100 puzzles or so aren't so bad, but staring down the barrel of 4-500 more is not a fun experience... more than 2 hours has passed and you can't get your refund.Save your money, buy x-com, and maybe consider watching an LP of the best friends doing this game after the hype has died down."
,Not Recommended,210970,25026902,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,You Lil' Rat,"Amazing game with depth.  However, nowhere NEAR worth $40. I'd say $20 at most. Puzzles are fun, but sometimes can be really annoying when you can't figure out what to do. Amazing graphics as well. However, I can not recommend this game for $40. The puzzles, while sometimes fun, can be tedious to figure out and start to get boring at times. If you don't get easily bored, have a ton of money, and don't need rewards of any form to feel accomplished, this is your game. If not, don't buy."
76561197970378993,Not Recommended,210970,23959174,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Circuitry,30 euros (37 full price) for a bunch of sliding puzzles basically. Not worth it. Maybe if it's on sale for 1 euro. Did a refund.
76561198057863243,Not Recommended,210970,22858476,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SkidVicious,"Braid was an amazing game, I loved all of it. Sadly while I love the look and theme of ""The Witness"" I kinda found it a little boring, as if it was missing somthing. I just dont have the heart to finish the game."
76561198045826677,Recommended,210970,20782303,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Krystal,"waited 4 years, exceeded my expectations please buy it"
,Recommended,210970,20774217,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Bombraker (Midas),"The Witness makes me feel  like Indiana Jones! *theme song starts playing*I makes you think... and when you finally have the answer, you feel smart... because you came up with the solution!Definitly buy this if you love puzzles and the feeling of discovery! (even if you don't usually love those, buy the Witness, it'll make you think differently about them!)Thanks Jonathan Blow, you're a genius!"
76561197977306488,Recommended,210970,20787455,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GOING TO THROW YOU UNDER A BUS,"At roughly 2 hours of playtime, I'm definitely entranced with what The Witness has to offer. The puzzles have a lot of depth and a ""language"" of how they're solved, and requires you to think in terms of symmetry, visual perspective, and topology. You definitely have to push yourself to think outside the box beyond the last puzzle's solution. Its very rewarding to play as the solutions make you feel clever and warm with the feeling of discovery."
,Not Recommended,210970,29537060,Posted: 28 January,all,ZOOM,"In and of itself, an outstanding puzzle game. But I can't play it for more than ten minutes at a time without getting nauseous - something that doesn't happen to me with any other game. There's some basic FOV problem here, I guess, that many people have reported - and that the dev has tried to fix - but the fix doesn't work for me."
76561198040223006,Not Recommended,210970,24646935,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Megan,"I enjoyed this game for about 30 minutes before needing to take a long break due to motion sickness. I tried changing a few of the settings and played for a little bit more, but the damage had already been done and I decided to uninstall the game. It's unfortunate, because I really did enjoy the parts that I saw.  Luckily, Steam was able to give me a refund.I've had a similar reaction to Half-Life 2.Portal and Portal 2 didn't make me as sick for undetermined reasons.Edit: For clarification, I liked the game, but it made me sick. I downvoted it so that when other people who also get motion sickness from certain games are trying to evaluate whether they should play the game or not, they can find reviews that let them know that this game might make them sick (despite it being mostly a puzzle game)."
,Not Recommended,210970,26722638,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ariana Bongday,"$40 doesn't feel justified.If puzzle games are all you play, ignore this review and buy it."
76561198212191589,Not Recommended,210970,22698244,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,GehnofDni,"Of all the games I've downloaded on Steam, The Witness has been the biggest ripoff. It was a huge disappointment. I had read the mixed reviews, but still felt it would be a game I would be interested in. I was wrong. The puzzles are all variations of the exact same puzzle, but there is no real rhyme or reason the the cues that are meant to guide you to a solution for each. All of the puzzles are either absurdly easy or impossibly difficult. It feels like a terrible mobile game. It is a failed attempt at greater meaning. It was as a shallow a game as I've played, and it just plain and simple wasn't fun at all to play."
,Recommended,210970,20887532,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,junkrrrrrrat,It's like an island that's covered in bees. Except the bees are puzzles.
76561197999090318,Not Recommended,210970,29871497,Posted: 12 February,all,wellspokenman,"Sterile. Indifferent. Infuriating. The Witness strums a single note throughout, and offers no reward beyond the sublime satisfaction of pressing uninstall when it is finally over. There is a fine line between challenging and maddening. I don't know where it is, but neither does Mr. Blow."
,Not Recommended,210970,22351903,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,The Red Death,"The Witness starts off great. It has beautiful visuals and just leaves you to its devices, which teach you how to play the game without just flat out telling you, making you feel very rewarded when you learn a new mechanic. However, The Witness starts dragging its feet after the first few hours. Everything The Witness has to offer is centered around solving geometric puzzles on panels, very few of which are easy, and there's roughly about 50,000,000,000 of them. Maybe the designers didn't want the player lacking for content, or maybe they didn't want to you finish the game so quickly and just take in the world, but they went to the other extreme. There's just too much of it. You'll start to get bored, and progress will be too slow coming in the game. Opening a can of soup in the world of The Witness is a 20 puzzle affair and 3 hour ordeal. As this drags on, the beatiful visuals and atmosphere will start to become meaningless, and The Witness will feel like a very large Sudoku book. Fun to play in very short bursts when you're bored, but you don't go through the whole book in few sittings like you do a game. If you play this game, I'd have a walkthrough near by, take 30 seconds to solve a puzzle on your own, and if you can get it, look at that walkthrough and move on to the next one. Don't worry about feeling cheated, there's plenty of opportunity to solve puzzles on your own. But there lies the problem with this game. It doesn't respect the law of diminishing returns. All there is to The Witness is these mountain of puzzles, and by the end of the game, you'll be sick of them and sick of The Witness."
,Not Recommended,210970,22343878,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Cipher,Very dissapointing. Very repetitive. Painfully boring. The only good thing in this game are the graphics and maybe the story. But the gameplay is not good. You basically solve these little puzzles. They are the same little maze puzzles with a slight variation time to time. I'm getting a refund
76561198052694259,Not Recommended,210970,21833151,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,buzz_act,"The puzzles where you have to work things out are fun but there are far too many puzzles based on the light and the shape of the things around you, which would be fine if you didn't have to twist the camera so much to work them out.  Moving the camera around endlessly to work out the solution to a puzzle is just not fun and get tedious and frustrating far too quickly.Also the fact that The Witness has no real storyline makes the island feel bland and uninteresting despite the island being very colourful.  The intellectual documents you find around the place feel out of place and somewhat pretentious.If this game was two-thirds of the price it is now then it'd probably be okay but right now the scope of gameplay far limited and frustrating to be worth what The Witness is charging."
76561197970759013,Recommended,210970,20797954,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,mowshnan,"Brain usage is go! If you like exploration and maze puzzles, get this now. I haven't had this much fun with a puzzle game since MYST.Gameplay: There is no hand holding, which is a good thing. Getting stuck is part of the fun. If you can't solve a puzzle, just go exploring the island and find one you can. Chances are you will learn a new piece of the puzzle language to solve the one you were stuck on before.Graphics: Beautiful and full of vibrant colors.This is one of the best games I've played in a long time."
,Not Recommended,210970,22815183,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Human Error,"It's pretty. It's like Myst. If you liked Myst, you will probably like this. Some of the puzzles are fun, but what were the devs thinking, making you go back and re-solve puzzles you've already solved? I cannot fathom what was going through their heads.So, for example you have to solve a maze, draw a path through this grid so it covers all of these dots and none of those dots. Okay, good, you do that, find the solution, and then you move on to the next one, which is the same idea but harder this time. The problem is, if you fail the hard one, you then have to GO BACK to the one you just solved, erase your solution, and enter the exact same solution again. Every time. Every single time you need to retry the hard puzzle, you have to go back and erase and re-solve the one you already finished.What in the world could have possessed them to put such a tedious and boring mechanic in a puzzle game? It's like being forced to erase all your answers from a crossword puzzle and then write them in again, exactly the same. Over and over. Who would want to do that!?Meh. The puzzles are fine, although some of them seem to be a bit less ""solve this logic problem"" and more ""guess what I'm thinking of"", since I'm faily sure I found working solutions to a few puzzles only to have the game reject them because a different solution was expected. So then you get to go back and try to find another solution, even though you already found a perfectly good one. Maybe there was some reason why the solution that eventually worked was better than the one I initially came up with, but if so I can't work it out.Anyway. The world looks good. It would be great if it supported VR--which it doesn't. Having to go back and fill out puzzles you've already completed is a boring waste of time. If that sounds like something you're okay with, play it. But wait for it to go on sale.I don't regret buying it. But I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,210970,20793277,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,.Adriansun,Wonderful.
,Recommended,210970,20791881,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,TheToastening,"The main focus of this game is the puzzles, everything else is secondary!"
,Recommended,210970,20787009,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Johnald Moizus,"I don't write many reviews, but this game is worth it. The Witness has been one of the best gaming experiences I have had in a while. It has a Myst like quality with the island being a giant puzzle and there being a point to it all that is masked behind an abundance of small, tablet like puzzles.A lot of the hate I've read on here praises the game for its beauty and bashes it for the puzzles that are simplistic in nature originally, but progress in unique and clever ways throughout. Boiling this game down to ""Snake puzzles on a boring island"" is reductionist in the worst way because what this game does best is keep the mind swirling with where to go and what to do next while teaching you along the way.The way that teaching occurs in this game is so organic that at times it is hard to realize that you've added a new piece of the puzzle solving to your mind. This cleverness and subtelty combined with the beauty and mystery of the game make this puzzle game worth checking out.The price tag is a bit steep if these aren't your types of games so wait for a sale and pick it up as soon as you can.10/10"
,Not Recommended,210970,26138513,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sourballs,"This is not a game. This is a standing simulator with ""guess what the dev was thinking"" elements thrown in.Ok, three nice things:1. It is very beautiful2. The initial puzzles have a good difficulty curve.3. ???4. Profit.Now some bad things:1. To say that the puzzles are similar is an exteme understatement. They are all pretty much exactly the same, with a few elements changed out.2. Some puzzles have ""hints"". Unfortunately, there is no guidance to find the hint, or how to interpret the hint.3. As many other reviewers have stated, there is no payoff to any of the areas, or for the whole game (spoiler alert).4. Some areas have puzzles that cannot be solved until you have completed a previous area. There is no indication that you don't have the info for this, or that you may need something that you don't have yet.5. Some reviewers call this game ""hard"". It is not hard. It is ""Nintendo Hard"" meaning you need pixel perfect solutions for some of the puzzles. The problem with this is that you are in a 3D enviroment, meaning you have to align yourself on X, Y and Z coordinates."
,Not Recommended,210970,21324440,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ramshackle,"Buying and Playing the Witness: A MetaphorYou meet a really insanely beautiful girl, and she seems interested. She quotes all of your favorite philosophers in normal conversation, which is intriguing. When you ask her questions she has a way of coyly ignoring them entirely and turning the question around on you.The first date is a frankly overpriced dinner and then a film series of lectures at the local college. Some interesting things are said but the movies drag on for an awkwardly long time. She wants to take it slow and frankly so do you, this is all so new and exciting!Well long story short, when you do finally(weeks later) spend the night with her.  In the morning you find that she only has a single book in the house and it is ""500 Famous Quotations."" Many of which she has already casually slipped into conversation. You go out to breakfast and it slowly dawns on you that she is actually a shallow and incredibly boring girl, and the verbal game she plays to avoid people finding this out about her is wearing thin.But hey, there might be something you missed there right? Maybe? I mean she's SOOOOOO Beautiful. Maybe if you just stick with it...Well take it from the Ex-boyfriend, THERE ISN'T. You will only grow to hate her in time. BAIL NOW!"
,Not Recommended,210970,20778375,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,XanthosDeia,"Given the simplicity of the basic mechanics (snake puzzles), and the obtuse solutions of many of the puzzles, it's not worth it's $40 price tag.If you're a fan of pretentious philosophy and banging your head against a wall, it may be worth $20. For most others with a passing interest in puzzle games (such as myself), $5 or $10 would be a better price."
76561198075500537,Not Recommended,210970,32900429,Posted: 27 June,all,twitch.tv/rainbow_trout_,HONESTLY THIS GAME NEEDS A WALKTHROUGH BUILT INTO IT. THE ONLY PERSON THAT'S GONNA FINISH THIS ATROCIOUS CREATION IS SOMEONE WITH AN IQ OF 300+
76561198043378902,Not Recommended,210970,29722282,Posted: 5 February,all,teamikke,You expect many types of puzzles in this game however they are all based on the block and line draw idea (albeit with many variants). This becomes boring very quickly. Solving puzzles does not move on the story since there is hardly any story to speak off. I expected it to be like Obduction or Quern (open world; adventure; puzzle; good atmospere and story) but it is completely different (i.e. a lot worse). I played it for more than 2 hours in the hope that it would become better but it didn't and couldn't get a refund due to the playtime. Then used a walkthrough to get through the game in hoping to get some entertainment from the story but that also was a waste of time. Highly not recommended; buying a sudoku book is cheaper and more fun.
,Recommended,210970,20792506,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Potonho,Best puzzle game I've played since myst
,Recommended,210970,21196055,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Drinkawy,اذا كانت دارك سولز على شكل ألغازif dark souls was a puzzle8/10
,Not Recommended,210970,28172164,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,rayman tusk,"This game sucks.  Matching blocky tree branch shadows.  Way worse than joe blow's first game.  Puzzles are not rewarding to solve like in portal, are arbitrary, and difficult."
,Recommended,210970,29514877,Posted: 26 January,all,Foggy,This game makes me wanna kill myself. But I love it.
76561198010316376,Recommended,210970,22353602,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,iamajunkie,My phone is filled with screenshots and my desk is covered with scribbled mazes.
,Not Recommended,210970,31536383,Posted: 3 May,all,Aubercles,This game is boring as hell.  I gave it a good shot but I just found it plain boring.  A lot of polish on a piece of turd.
76561198182564423,Not Recommended,210970,31387400,Posted: 26 April,all,sammyocb,"When I first got this game, i was disapointed as it was not the kind of game I was looking for, and I can see why others were annoyed by it, But for what this game was designed to be it's accomplishes it's goal. The concept of the game was to create a brain challenge for those who enjoy it, and it IS something to do if your bored/want to exercise your brain. BUT... the cost. I for one feel like it is too expensive for this kind of game. Maybe a 10-20 dollar game but not 40$. Maybe if the devoleper were to add a story, but then it still would still be 25$ at most."
,Not Recommended,210970,34313096,Posted: 17 August,all,Tamamo89,"TerribleThe environent is too bright, The puzzles are pretty much the same, There was no music, ambience, or sound for the first 117 minutes This is a huge atmospheric game. The lack of a soundtrack bothered me greatly. If you mess up a puzzle you have to go back and resolve the previous one. And they only get harder! Solar Panel Puzzles NOPE!!! I GIVE UP!!! I mean all the puzzle games similar to this one I've played give you some notion of how to solve their puzzles. This was the last straw for me."
76561198099466682,Not Recommended,210970,33824231,Posted: 26 July,all,thatoneandy,"LET ME SUM IT UP, THIS IS THE TLDR VERSSION.If you like puzzle games for that “ah ha, I solved it” get this game, you'll love it. If not, this isn’t you’re game, you'll get bored and drop it.Before I start, I want to point out that I personally LOVED the Witness. It has a beautiful environment, fun puzzles and even a secret area for more advanced players to find. If that “I did it!” mentality really appeals to you, this is the game for you (when it’s on sale). But the reason I don’t recommend it is because in short, the Witness is a game where you draw lines.Let me explain. If you think there’s like a deeper story; why are you on this island? Who left the audio tapes? Don’t get this game, there is no story and anything that looks like a story is just a philosophical outlook on games. If you think there’s more interactive puzzle’s than just looking at screens, this isn’t you’re game, puzzles that include a solution that involes interacting with the environment make up only about 25% at best of the game(this includes the hidden environmental puzzles). This game is for one type of gamer, the puzzle gamer, one who would enjoy the challenge. The kind of person who play’s for that “ah ha” moment. Although the game has it’s fun moments that I think anyone can find interesting and engaging, most of it is for one type of gamer and only one. ( on a much smaller note, even if you are this gamer, don’t buy it unless it’s on sale. Normally the Witness is 40$, when it’s really worth about 10$. I bought it for 20$ on sale and even then I wished it was cheeper)Now, my main point. From the perspective from the average gamer, how would standing in front of screens drawing a line from beginning to end sound? Not fun for most.  There are fun aspects added to the game later such as the dots, blocks, color’s and the combination of them. But besides that, the puzzles are essentially drawing a line that sometimes has a few rules to follow. I personally found them fun, especially the ones that used the environment as part of the puzzle, but about halfway through, the puzzle started to get dry and boring, like I was doing the same thing over and over again. In the late game brought in some fun gimmicks that I wish were used earlier in the game. The game just gets dull due to the 75% of puzzles that have uncreative gimmicks, which is a shame to the 25% that are fun and engaging. Point is that a majority of puzzles are disinteresting and divert attention from the interesting ones."
,Recommended,210970,29523285,Posted: 27 January,all,Doc,This game.
76561198086948907,Recommended,210970,20902585,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,david_adf_,Just buy it and enjoy blowing up your mind.
,Recommended,210970,20903395,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Amateur_Viking,Wonderful. Awesome. Beautiful.
,Not Recommended,210970,21671808,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Estranged2,"This game is not for everyone. I had a love-hate relationship with it until, somewhere around my 5th ray in the sky, I started to truly appreciate it.I appreciate that The Witness shows, through gameplay, how mathematics can stop being something abstract (iPads with lines) and can actually permeate the whole environment and the whole world. (For example, it's not a coincidence that Blow included hexagonal rocks and mountain pillars in the sea - these are actual natural formations on Earth that demonstrate how geology comes from mathematics, and the shapes are also featured in puzzles.)With time, you may discover the layers that connect the environment with the line puzzles, and this, in turn, can help you recognize math as the building block of everything around us - landscape, nature, architecture, moving mechanisms. Starting to understand this connection gives us power over the world, but in the end (entering the mountain) we find the world more confusing than before, the final truth out of our grasp. (This reflects Blow's personal beliefs, and partially, history of science when we entered the quantum realm).Braid, another game made by the same author (or shall I say, ""auteur""), was also about a scientist seeking the ultimate truth. And while, for various reasons, I don't really like Blow's worldview and his games so much, the truly amazing thing about him as a designer is that he has this reductionist approach to design, where gameplay must always express and serve a particular idea and everything else must be removed. On Steam, the game even has only 2 achievements. ""Finish the game"" and ""Do more than finishing the game"". Really inspiring that Jon Blow makes money by sticking to his principles instead of succumbing to cheap tricks used in other games.He also likes subtlety, perfectionism and beauty which also makes me respect him so much. But he never allows graphics, no matter how beautiful and detailed they are, to distract from the point of the game. Which makes the beauty less distracting than most AAA graphics I have seen.Another thing the game does with you is that it teaches you to see things that were in front of you the whole time, but you couldn't recognize them, because you were ignorant. Your perception and understanding changes as you learn new things, and you unlock new locations with knowledge, not with physical keys.Appreciating the ideas, expressed in the game (even if you partially disagree with them, like I do), requires some background outside of games. It also requires looking for the subtle connections and their meaning - if this were a book, we'd call this ""reading between the lines"". You may find some of this stuff pretentious, but some of it is meaningful. Also, some sections are enjoyable on a very primal level - the space and the movement in the swamp forest houses, for example, or figuring out the mathematical operations behind the tetris-like puzzles and the way they reflect on real world contraptions.Unfortunately, there are also some very annoying and tedious sections, especially the Sun Temple and the Japanese Temple (designed by one of Blow's artists). They are very unellegant, contrived and fat as puzzles. Because the frustration and boredom in the game is way more than its meaning and beauty (which are not guaranteed to be experienced by most players, on top of that), I cannot recommend the game with a clear consciousness."
,Not Recommended,210970,35189564,Posted: 24 September,all,slakoez,"I had to uninstall it. I thought it was something like the great Myst, but it does not even compare - not even close. It's one of the few games I must say that I hated. The scenery is impressive, but nothing more than that is good about this game. The whole premise is about logic, but it's just a marketing strategy. There's no logic involved in many puzzles - they are simply ARBITRARY. It's like trying to understand why 2 + 2 = 3 and just after it changes to 2 + 2 = 7. Logic is all based on premises; if the premises keep changing, what you have is arbitrariness and nothing more. Randomness doesn't make the game ""intelligent"". Sometimes, you find the exact solution needed in one of the panels but the thing simply does not work, just to verify later that the true solution was no different than yours.I would give it 3/10. The scenery and insightful recordings are good, but the fundamental logic is rigged."
,Not Recommended,210970,31714058,Posted: 12 May,all,I'm rubbish at making up names,"Creator basically slaps you in the face with the ending. Not a fan. Unique gameplay, wish the ending didn't turn things sour."
,Not Recommended,210970,33443263,Posted: 10 July,all,Oni Chi,"this game throws you into a open world of led screen puzzles that at times can make very little sense and drive you to madness, as well with the lack of feeling you are acomplishing a goal can lead to a very dull yet beautiful (graphiclly speaking) experience. also to mention some places in the map can trap you and force you to undo 20 minutes worth of progress if your not careful. in short, this game is a glorified version of the mobile game FLOW"
,Not Recommended,210970,26156233,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Squirmy,"Unlike Braid, this game feels rather flat and one-dimensional. The map feels a little too big, and the puzzles a little too tough to get through. I like challenging puzzle games, but there wasn't much feeling of progress/satisfaction. I lost interest in this game and never finished it. The story wasn't that compelling, and solving the puzzles felt more a chore than a delight."
76561197998234292,Recommended,210970,21205603,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Krisztian Pinter,"1. warning!this is not a usual puzzle game. this game is about finding out how the puzzles work. figuring out the mechanics is the meat of the game, so don't spoil it by looking it up. if you don't understand a puzzle, go somewhere else. every puzzle type has a tutorial area, where the rules are explained. also don't rush those tutorials. some of them can be beaten by a little bit of luck or perseverance, however, you probably don't want to leave without a firm understanding of that particular game-mechanic. go back to each piece of the tutorial puzzles, and see if your understanding of the rule does indeed apply. btw googling it might not even help, there is a lot of misinformation out there, especially about the star or sun icons. figure it out yourself.2. prosthe core gameplay. although based around the same apparent structure, the puzzles are actually highly varied. the interaction between the world and the puzzles are two-way and smart. amazing how much juice you can squeeze out of one puzzle type.the world. is lush, beautiful and interesting to explore. explore just for the sake of it. to watch from every angle, visit every last bit of it.3. consthe software itself aka production value. considering the thousands of hours went into designing the world and the puzzles, the main puzzle is why the developers could not allocate a few dozen more into making a proper UI, rebindable keys, comfortable movement, somewhat less painful mouse control in puzzles, some music or at least interesting ambient sounds, a little less broken sound for the recordings and movie clips, and such basic qualities. the programming is borderline incompetent.ending. or the lack thereof. it is OK though, we don't really need one. but we need to admit that the ending is laaazy."
76561198059389024,Recommended,210970,21206842,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Lupus,"This is not just a puzzle-game, it's a work of art. Both graphically, but also how geniously the puzzles tie this world together. They show us how just one single simple puzzle concept, can take shape in 500 ways. That is the definition of beauty.For me, a solid 10/10."
76561198025056464,Recommended,210970,21216242,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Not Sure,"This game made me throw up twice from motion sickness (really), but I kept coming back. 9/10"
,Recommended,210970,21196875,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SentientMicrobe,Haven't loved a puzzler this much since Portal. Great game - worth your time.
76561198065484944,Recommended,210970,22737382,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Fuzzy the Fabulous Fanastica,Hands down amazing. Highly recommend.
76561198049568352,Recommended,210970,22713731,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SaddestCrow,A walking simulator for solving puzzles.  Boards upon Boards of them.  Then you realize there are environmental puzzles.You start seeing it in everyday life and become obsessed for a few weeks.And some puzzles are stupidly difficult or opaque to understand.Oh and having a notepad/graph paper with you is a godsend
,Recommended,210970,22726364,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,sanmn19,The most frustrating game I have played.
76561197968853667,Recommended,210970,21194617,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Crono,"Even though it's early, I don't see this game getting dethroned as my favorite game of 2016. If you like puzzles and have some grit, you'll really enjoy this game. If you don't enjoy exploring/solving puzles, you will not enjoy this game.If you ask me, having the rules be consistent is the single most important part of a game like this. Everything (except 1 particular puzzle) follows the logic set forth in the game. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,210970,29533978,Posted: 27 January,all,Zarky026,"A great game for the puzzle lover.Just remember, the puzzles are everywhere not just on the panels or areas in the environment."
76561197960492630,Not Recommended,210970,20791645,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,yakana,650 variants of snake
,Recommended,210970,21518020,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Probably Boring on Youtube,I love game. Please make game available for all people!
76561197993475874,Recommended,210970,21910277,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,aramil,"pretty good. pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty good."
,Recommended,210970,28230214,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[ENTP] Tasty!,what a game! :)
,Recommended,210970,30951567,Posted: 4 April,all,Dr. Superswag,"Probably the best puzzle game I have played in years.  I've played for about 5 and a half hours and I've experienced intelligent puzzles and an immersive open world.  Also, to play this game, you might need a lot of paper.  I've used a lot just to map out puzzles, because there are some human sized ones, and ones were you can barely see the solution in reflections.  If you like learning how a world works, awesome puzzles, open worlds, and drawing senseless diagrams on spare pieces of paper, then this is for you!  10/10 would kill trees to solve maze puzzles again"
,Recommended,210970,28149109,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Odeyalko,"Dharma initiative detected! Anyway, always wanted to visit Lost island."
76561197991893369,Recommended,210970,25803417,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,II,Awesome and beautiful game. Well worth the retail price.If you like game like the Talos Principle or Myst then its a must have.
,Recommended,210970,29551407,Posted: 28 January,all,Piss Bottle Man,one of the best games i've ever played in this lifetime.
,Recommended,210970,20912483,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TheNormalGeek,Meh.
76561197968533966,Not Recommended,210970,30229205,Posted: 27 February,all,doG,"Horrible slow, boring puzzles. definitely a ""genre"" game.Loved Braid but i utterly despise this.Without a guide i dont know how you would ever work out some of the puzzle rule sets unless you where already familiar with that way of thinkingFor example the icon that causes your ""line"" to miss 1 icon, like if your dividing different coloured dots up it causes one dot to be ignored. nothing i come across explained that or made it clear so ive just been brute forcing it which is no way to enjoy the game.Same as the Star icon, how would you ever know that they needed to be cut up into pairs????? sure perhaps im coming along puzzles not in the right order and perhaps further exploration there may be a simple star puzzle that makes this clear but in the quarry your presented with this puzzle and no explanation on how to defeat it.sure exploring this giant open world area may yield a clue to this but that for me is rubbish game design and a way to artificially extend game lifeGah, just thinking about this pretentious time wasting game makes me madplay if you like pure puzzles, if not avoid(even if you loved braid)"
,Recommended,210970,34281116,Posted: 16 August,all,Corticyte,"Best game of 2016 no question, a work of genius.Not recommended for the impatient, but the difficulty scales well once you realise there is a certain order to things."
76561198118388577,Not Recommended,210970,25714003,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ddxv,"The puzzles were fun, the (lack of) story was pretty lame. I was especially unimpressed with the end."
,Not Recommended,210970,35413850,Posted: 2 October,all,obiwanrockwood,"I have followed the development of The Witness for a very VERY long time. I really wanted to like it. If it was just a puzzle game, I would have enjoyed it. The puzzles themselves are engaging and always forcing you to adapt to new ideas. All of this is overshadowed by this pretenious (almost obnoxious) feeling the game gives off. As you explore you can almost hear the game saying ""this game is for smart people."" ""Only someone enlightened could understand the mystery behind this game. The game also has many tedious sections that repeat the same mechanics you already know, but are just made more difficult due to the requirement of pixel perfect placement.This is, at best, an arcade title worth about $10. Some of the audio logs are clues, though vague and only understood after you have learned the mechanics without them. The rest, as well as all the video logs, are pretentious and come off like your college English professor who is trying to prove that they are smarter than you because they invent ""meaning"" from nothing.It is sad given how long I waited for this to come out; however, I reccomend skipping this title."
,Recommended,210970,28169008,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Convenient Spider,A very beautiful and intellectually stimulating puzzle game.
,Recommended,210970,24624080,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,hilux,Wowza
,Not Recommended,210970,21208978,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Karayao,112喂狗
,Not Recommended,210970,28416013,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MakoSipper,"(Yeah, I've rated your favorite game with a thumbs down, so instead of reading my points, you might as well skip to the bottom and give my review a thumbs down. Boo-hoo)I'm so sad to have disliked this game. I had great expectations. Perhaps too great. Could've been an ok experience if it costed about 10% of its full price. Anyone comparing this to Talos Principle is absolutely nuts.- Some nice puzzles, but all of them follow the same style (create a path from point A to point B, but with tons of rules). It gets repetitive very quickly, even with the different obscure rules (way too obscure sometimes) you have to figure out. They're okay, but again, I expected more than just hundreds of maze puzzles. A great part of the point of this game is about figuring out the rules of the puzzles, perhaps mroe than figuring out the solution to each of them.- Absolutely no music. Some people call it ""minimalistic sound design"", but I call it BS- Colorful, large enough world that's beautiful in a cartoonish kind of way, but it doesn't feel at all immersive- No clear goal, no context, no story, only a few interview videos and some audio logs with citation of someone famous (the narration is poor, btw). I got close to beating the game before I decided it just wasn't fun anymore and I couldn't find any original text. The overview says: ""You wake up, alone, on a strange island full of puzzles that will challenge and surprise you."" That's pretty much the whole story, at least until very close to the end. And while I did get challenged hard and a lot, I was never surprised.- A few annoying aspects, like slow movement, no autorun option.Basically, this game relies on promising more than it actually delivers. It's always about the promise, about the obscurity, but there's little being delivered here. It feels like their budget was poorly distributed among the different aspects of the game.Is it a /bad/ game? Hmm, no, if you disregard how much it costs. For me, it got boring and I felt cheated out of my money. I can't recommend this game at all. I bought it at 50% off, but I'd say it only starts being worth it at 80% discounts. I'm sad I decided to give it a chance instead of requesting a refund when I still could.This was the game I was looking forward to playing the most this year, and it was the biggest disappointment as well. Shame =("
,Recommended,210970,20783452,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,jfryk,One of the best puzzle games out there. Almost as good as Myst/The Talos Principle.
,Not Recommended,210970,20815998,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,luckyjoe80,"I'm a massive fan of the Talos Principle, to which many are comparing this game. I can't agree, and haven't enjoyed The Witness nearly as much.My major problem is that this game broadcasts that IT'S IMPORTANT at every chance. The game is silent because IT'S IMPORTANT.  There is no motivation for the puzzles because IT'S IMPORTANT. There are no rewards for solving puzzles because THE GAME IS IMPORTANT. There's no story BECAUSE IT'S IMPORTANT. And so on, and so forth.And just 2 Achievements makes me mad. So I'm a human being and like making some visible progress in games. Sue me.I feel like somebody in the crowd watching the Emperor go by in his new clothes, except for the fact that he's completely naked."
76561198089901803,Recommended,210970,20890106,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Shitsureshimasu,"Metroidvania game, where your brain is the weapon you power-up."
,Recommended,210970,20801637,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,HasarD,"-> By scrolling down these reviews it's pretty easy to spot who got no idea on how to play the game.I don't know if it makes me sad or mean~-> This game requires at least to be:1) not colorblind (atm every type of colorblind because of some puzzles :/)2) a human being, i.e. someone who can use his brain.-> No jump / gravity gun but you don't need those in The Witness ffs.-> Great job done on this game. One can easily spot that by wandering around the island.Btw, 60 fps.Good luck beating the game by yourself."
76561197971671804,Not Recommended,210970,21359745,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sire Reap-A-Lot,"I got a bit of a conundrum for you: How do you spoil something, that has nothing to be spoiled?This ""piece-of-art"" is ambiguous, pretentious and most of all annoying. Instead of being a puzzle game with mystery or even a story, it does just one thing over—and—over—and—over—and—over—again. Not adding challenge but nuisances. The forest part comes to mind. You've got to have a glutton for punishment to enjoy this.But what about the audio-logs and secrets!?!?-What about them? They are used to cover up the hollow emptiness and are nothing more than smart phrases written in helvetica over vintage filtered photographs. I'm rather angry seeing quotes of great minds like Feynman being abused for this.Jonathan Blow got a very special skill, to create interesting ideas and games which leaves you furious behind. This one is no exception.p.s. Yeah I know, I don't ""get it"", I'm too stupid to understand the greatness etc."
,Not Recommended,210970,23120571,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,oVerlordM4nny,"If you REALLY love those drag-the-line type puzzle games on your cell phone you might like this. But for me, it cost too much for what it is and the only difference between this game and the cell phone games is you have to walk each puzzle. The graphics and sound are nice, but this is not like Myst at all. If that's what your looking for. It may look like it, but it's not. There seems to be zero ryhme or reason for these puzzles to be where they are nor are they in anyway related to a story element."
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,210970,22386374,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Absynce,"this game, I knew it was going to be bad, but i wasted my money and tried it anyway. its literally a cheap draw the line through puzzles thing for the entire game. they throw in frusterating things like 'you have to look at the line puzzle at exactly the right angle!' and other things that im sure make people feel 'clever' once they draw the line. overall, garbage. I like some indy games, but this one isnt worth $5"
,Recommended,210970,20785784,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Macdoo,"It's just puzzles but they're the best god damn puzzles I've ever seen. They've made me gasp, scream, slam the desk and grip my skull in shame at the ingenuity behind them. DON'T USE A WALKTHROUGH YOU WILL HATE YOURSELF FOR IT IF YOU DO."
76561198031115405,Recommended,210970,20796441,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Horkoss,I have never been more happy to draw line since my childhood.
,Not Recommended,210970,20930912,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Erickson9610 Health: 35%,"As much as I would like to enjoy this game, it is incredibly hard to because of the constant stream of philosophical ideas being thrown at the player whenever they find a secret or solve a hard puzzle. I don't want to hear the philosophy, I just want to explore an island full of puzzles and solve as many as I can find. From what I've seen, game designers have a bad habit of forcing the player to listen to ideas such as those in puzzle games, encouraging the player to not only think about the puzzle, but the ideas, too.If you don't want to deal with annoying things like that, then do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,210970,21239647,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Xanic,"This game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥man. And I usually like puzzle games. It tries too hard to differ from the average game, and what is left is a pretentious pile of crap.Better play some Infinifactory, Spacechem, Prelogate or Call of Duty."
,Not Recommended,210970,26143917,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,TorQue[MoD],"Omg! Don't buy this game unless you're a freaking Zen Buddhist!I like puzzle games. I even like walking simulators and I love the artwork of The Witness. So I figured I'd ignore the bad reviews and give it a shot since it was on sale for 35% off. Oh man I wish I hadn't. I played a good amount on my first two play throughs and then I wandered into an area where the walkway I was standing on turned into a moving platform when I solved the puzzle. Cool. Only the next two puzzles were too confusing to figure out. No big deal, I'll just go back. Hmm... can't jump back there's no jump key... I know, I'll fail the puzzle and it should put the walkway back to it's original position. Nope? That's frustrating. Oh well, I'll start a new game because I finally made sense of some earlier nonsense.An hour and a half later I'm feeling better cause I'm making a lot more progress than I did before. Hmmm what's this? A puzzle where it incorporates the rocks in the background into the solution. Oh that's neat! Next... ok these are interesting but... hmmm why can't I figure out this one with only a single rock in it? 20 minutes and a hundred attempts later ""Eff it, I don't care if I can't solve them all let's check a walkthrough. Ok WTF? You have to position your character 45 degrees to the left of the sign and then you'll see some rocks that line up properly so you can solve it. Urgh that was lame... next puzzle... oh, looks like they want me to do it again? Check the walkthrough. Nope, it's these trees in the background... but wait a minute that solution doesn't even make sense when they tell me the answer!Ok Eff this game!My hat is off to those that can actually solve these isoteric nonsensical puzzles and somehow enoy themselves at the same time, but holy crap I  haven't had a game make me want to rage quit this much since... ever! If it wasn't a digital download I'd turn the disc into a shuriken and throw it at the wall!AAARRRRRRRGGGGGGH!"
76561197967347162,Recommended,210970,20786989,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bill Sansky,"Some negative reviews mention that they do not like the game because ultimately, it's a challenging and repetitive puzzle game about a line on a grid.However for me that would be forgetting the thing that makes thewholedifference: it is making you travel and wander in a beautiful, extremely dense and detailed universe, full of questions and history.It does something very few  games do right, that is capturing an ambient, pushing you in a universe that's here not only as a filler, but also something that questions you in a very subtle and progressive way.Not many games make me think about their universe after I'm done playing them, and The Witness definitely does that about its puzzle and environment.It also makes you feel like you are travelling and exploring something alive, which is too rare in games for me.I got back the sensation I had when playing games like The Wind Waker, Journey or the Metroid series, this sensation of exploring something natural and alive, coherent. And that's worth way more than 40 bucks.AND it makes something that no puzzle game do, that is managing to teach you very complex rules little by little, without usinganytext. When you get to realize you just learnt something all by yourself, that's the greatest reward you can get and yes, it's more than enough for me to keep on going.If you want to get some fireworks, explosions and pumped up music everytime you do something great, then sure you won't like the game. But honestly, is it really what matters?The Witness tells you to enjoy the trip not the destination, and it does it in a remarkable way."
,Not Recommended,210970,20983687,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Randys950,"The WitnessI purchased this game, because I listened to a group of people talk about it on a podcast.  I enjoyed roughly the first 6 hours.  The puzzles were really enjoyable and I felt a great sense of achievement once I conquered some rather difficult puzzles.After about 6 hours, I had no sense of direction where to go.  I kept getting lost, and wondered if I was going into an area that maybe too difficult and frustrating, and there might be a little easier spot I should be in.Then I arrived to a place where I decided to quit the game.  In this particular area on the island I was at a puzzle that kept stumping me.  I tried every single pattern I could thing of(I solved the one Tile previous) but I couldnt come up with a solution.  I gave up about after an hour and looked online for a tip.  Unaware, I had no idea I had to be listening to background noises.  I am tone-deaf and I thought every sound I heard in the background was just static and was just there to keep the game from getting too quiet.  I knew there were enviromental aspects to puzzles, so I LOOKED around for clues.  If I didn't look that up, I could never have completed the game.  If I knew the game would be this crypic and had rely on my ear for particular pitches, I would have NOT purchased the game.The 80 puzzles, I did complete though were very fun and quiet enjoyable.  I just wasn't prepared for the PT(Silent Hills) type stuff for this title."
,Not Recommended,210970,21115875,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,piemaster,"Honestly, this review is going to be not even 'legit', forsay.I refunded it.Why?PC couldn't run it.Dunno if I should reccomend or not, but it's a NAY NAY for now."
76561198036306449,Not Recommended,210970,20986049,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Phenax,The lack of a real tutorial or similar system along with the lack of a story from the outset makes it hard to get into the game. The art style and music are truly amazing though.
,Recommended,210970,20779985,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Moultano,"This saturates every part of my brain at once. It's aesthetically, philosophically, and analyitically beautiful."
76561198258175446,Recommended,210970,20796272,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Klaxondia,"One of the most colorful games I've ever played, so far it's really beautiful. It starts off with simple puzzles that gradually increase in it's level of abstraction and difficulty as you go along, a lot of hamilton and euluer circuits, The developer spent a good deal of time playing with forced perspective and lots of interesting visual tricks, each new surprise along the way is filled with intrigue and tinge of awe."
,Recommended,210970,20778230,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Navi [Dying Spree],If you enjoy puzzle games the witness is a must have.The world is beautiful and complex. Exploring the island is as well thought out as the puzzles.There is no hand holding. I am sick and tired of long winded intros teaching me each mechanic of the game.While I have not pieced any of it together yet there appears to be a story. I am interested in finding out what the stone people are.
,Not Recommended,210970,31691172,Posted: 11 May,all,Kahlraxin,"Very boring.  I fell asleep playing it.It is the same puzzle style over and over, becoming more complex.  Lots of walking around aimlessly.  No thank you."
76561198062925921,Not Recommended,210970,29349489,Posted: 18 January,all,LuciusVoltaic,"Since it's described as a challenging, good-looking puzzle game on a mysterious island, I hoped this game would be more like the Myst series (still some of the best puzzle games out there). Unfortunately the puzzles aren't integrated into the landscape at all. In Myst, by contrast, all of the puzzles make sense in context. Granted, that context is sometimes more fantastic than realistic, but the puzzles are cool enough to make sense as elements of fantasy. But you can't ask me to suspend my disbelief far enough to believe that someone would lock all their doors with little puzzle games on tablet computers. I look at a puzzle in The Witness and I think, ""There is no possible way to explain that thing in the lore except as a puzzle for visitors. It could have been a game of tic-tac-toe or a game of Minesweeper and it would make as much sense in context.""Which is too bad, because the world looks really cool. I just have no interest in doing brainteasers that have no apparent connection to that world."
,Not Recommended,210970,21420270,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,French Toast With Boobies,This is probably r/im14andthisisdeep's favorite game.
76561198031844520,Not Recommended,210970,21392426,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Disease,"I love puzzle games such as Portal, The Talos Principle and Braid, but i can't enjoy this game. All puzzles are the same square which you drag a line from start to finish with a little twist on rules to complete it. The biggest problem I have is that the game doesn't gives you a hint how the rules work. You could be stuck a long time before you figured it out. It would not be so bad if you could quickly and easily get to another puzzle to solve. But how you navigate through the island is a joke. The boat is awfully slow. There is no jumping which means that the slightest little rock or uphill on the road hinders your movement which forces you to use the lane on the ground. To many things to be frustrated at in order to recommend this game."
76561198156299961,Not Recommended,210970,21036482,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Thicc Boi,Fun game but some of the puzzles are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hard and the ending did not explain what even happened it was so dumb
,Not Recommended,210970,20922192,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Cluck Sack,"In a bright and vibrant world that hurts your eyes; Johnathan Blow shows how pretentious he can be in not-so-complicated-if-you-know-what-to-do puzzle design that drags all across a small island, whilst you find audio logs that quote Einstein at you that are hard to follow and make you feel stupid in contrast, seeing that you're playing an overly complicated maze game that ""respects your intelligence"".I didn't play much but as a slow individual I am it seems like the kind of journey I'll leave more confused than what I went in on. I wanted to like it but the only premise I had of discovery is that if you don't enjoy the core aspect of listening to footstep noises and solving monkey puzzles you won't enjoy this game.Price tag is kinda heafty too - but whatever puts food on Mr.Blow's gilded table, man."
76561198031960167,Not Recommended,210970,24432151,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Vivaldist,"Most of the game is very fun. Its satisfying to solve puzzles and explore the island. However, the endsequence of the game is just...awful. Without spoiling anything, you have to solve several randomized puzzles in about ten seconds each, before they reset to new ones. And they are randomized to the point where most of the ones they show you are literally impossible to solve. If you can play a game and just enjoy the beginning parts without feeling like you need to beat it, than you might enjoy this. If youre like me and a bad last level will ruin the game, avoid."
,Not Recommended,210970,33935098,Posted: 31 July,all,GauseStudios,"Spoliers ahead.Though The Witness tries it's best to be a great puzzle game, it unfortunatley falls flat.pros:-puzzles are good-game looks incredible-environmental puzzles that challenge you and are fun to solvecons:-puzzles get repetitive-the ending is insulting (after hours of work, the story is never explained and the game abruptly ends)-One of the environmental puzzles literally takes over 50 minutes to solve and you cant move for the entire time or else you lose it. You have to just sit for a very long timeOverall, buy it if you like puzzles, but not if you want to have the story explained at all."
,Not Recommended,210970,34201836,Posted: 12 August,all,Rawker,"A game that hates it players. There are some interesting puzzles, but not worth the time it takes to understand and find them."
,Not Recommended,210970,24745262,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,.smx.,"Well ... after a couple of hours playing, enjoying the atmosphere and art, solving a couple of the puzzle types ... the game simply didn't have anything to offer, just the same repetitive puzzles and mechanics ... the same atmospheric environments ... and nothing more. I got so very bored that I simply quit and won't play it again. If you are into repetitive and gradated puzzles - you can play them here on a nice atristic bacground, but this is all this game can offer. You can simply buy a paper magazine with puzzles and sudoku and solve those ... I don't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,210970,29330576,Posted: 17 January,all,acama75,"There is some enjoyment to be gained from figuring out the puzzle patterns and progressing through the game.  At a lower price point, it would be worth it, but right now they have priced this much too high for what it is.The puzzles very quickly get repetitive, and the story (which had a lot of potential) ends up falling flat by the end, perhaps through some misguided desire to leave any interesting details up to the player's imagination.  Buy this game on sale, don't expect too much of it, and you'll likely enjoy it."
76561198340447725,Not Recommended,210970,31635592,Posted: 8 May,all,Cricket,"The game is based on one simple puzzle  that becomes more and more complex throughout the game.    Draw a continuous line from point A to point B.  As you go along, there are barriers and obsticles and different rules that apply, but the basic premise is the same, every single time.   UGH    Boring.   The graphic are great and the game had huge potential but fell flat."
,Not Recommended,210970,29623178,Posted: 1 February,all,Kavorka!,"The game features interesting puzzles, but refuses to let you do them without answering Dadaist riddles made up by a 4-year old. There's always some total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gimmick blocking your way from enjoying what would otherwise be an actually interesting and intellectually stimulating puzzle game. Instead, the gimmicks often force you into tedious guesswork and brute-force searches for solutions. The gimmicks aren't clever; they are just obstructions -- a source of tedium, annoyance, and frustration. Whatever idiot thought those were an improvement needs to leave the business of making puzzle games forever."
,Not Recommended,210970,30088893,Posted: 21 February,all,ye,"So... You wanna know how to complete the game instantly. Perfect. I started the game, I saw the sun looked like a puzzle and it WAS. I completed the game, spoiled the ending(Its just a MP4 and walking in a cave with credits), and now I do not want to play much more. I'll still do a bit more, but probably not gonna 100% it now. Please make it so you can't complete it in LITERALLY 2 minutes.A $40 game, that (I predict) will give me a few hours of gameplay.(I got it on sale for $20, but its still a $40 game.)"
,Recommended,210970,23979945,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Eadlyn June,Brain hurt puzzles. Function not can. Game good.
76561198002096949,Recommended,210970,23429507,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Tergus,Loved every minute!
,Recommended,210970,23721159,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,TendogAU,you should probably get this gameif you're tough enough
,Not Recommended,210970,25243221,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,bdon,"The game has a beautiful art style. But I just can't comprehend how this game deserves more than 5/10 for anyone. It's not really a game? There are puzzles. But the puzzles could be done on paper. Don't get me wrong, the puzzles are difficult, but there isn't anything that requires this to be on a computer if that makes any sense.I kind of get the vibe that this game is more of an ""experience"" than it is a game... IE: Supposed to be meditative. Would explain why ""the witness"" (Buddhism reference) is used as the title. If I'm correct on this, its fine for what it is. But its definitely not what I would call an enjoyable experience."
76561197970132325,Recommended,210970,34278270,Posted: 16 August,all,Pashi,"Beautiful and rewarding, an amazing game."
76561198097606272,Not Recommended,210970,34672523,Posted: 1 September,all,bachwiz18,"I really tried to enjoy this game. I'm a puzzle fan, but for whatever reason the puzzles in this game don't give me the satisfaction of solving them that most do. There's no sense of progression; the only indication that you've finished a ""level"" is that there are no more puzzles to solve in the area. You are just aimlessly wandering around an island looking for atmospheric clues as to how to approach the next problem set, which is a unique approach to a puzzle game but one that left me feeling unfulfilled and uncompelled to progress. While I can appreciate a unique challenge in puzzlers, the difficulty doesn't matter to me as much as how fun the game itself is, and The Witness just isn't much fun...just tedium for tedium's sake."
76561197990881524,Recommended,210970,20780378,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ashalah,"I went into this game almost completely blind. I just knew it was gonna have puzzles and that Jonathan Blow designed it, but otherwise I didn't read about it.I can only afford like 2-3 full priced games per year, and so far this game has been a lot of fun. I'll update my review as I play more. The puzzles are a lot less ""mechanical"" than most puzzle games. Instead, they slowly build your intuition of how to solve related puzzles, and how they connect to one another. Whenever you see a row of panels, it's usually a tutorial introducing a new mechanic, or new combination of existing mechanics. It's hard to explain, but it almost feels like learning a sport. The exploration aspect is pretty great too, and directly influences how to solve some panels. Beautiful art style and graphics.Very decent framerate on my cheap laptop with a AMD A6-6310 (1.8GHz) and AMD R4 GPU (2 GCN cores), using medium settings, which is pretty good considering this laptop struggles to play Bioshock 1.I'm not usually into puzzle games, but I'd recommend this one./edit1: ah, that explains the lack of graphics options besides low/med/high. In this game, various graphical effects are important to puzzles. For example, if you were to disable shadows, it would break some puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,20780221,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,finnzk,"In a phrase, this is a game that values *you*. It values your time, your attention to detail, your willingness to clear your mind and focus on the subtle, nuanced ways in which the game guides you towards success, and even your inevitable frustration and need to explore other challenges. Worth the wait, and worth the price."
,Not Recommended,210970,20879315,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Classy550,"While $40 was a bit pricey, I was willing to pay for it, because this game had a ""Talos Principle"" vibe to it, and I loved that game. So far, I have not been able to load the game successfully despite having a computer within the recommended system requirements. From what I can tell from the support forums: the same could be said for a lot of people. Unless this is patched, I cannot recommend purchasing this game."
76561197978927948,Not Recommended,210970,20798297,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Cabezone,"I have a hard time giving this a thumbs up or down because it's a great game but it also let me down becuase it's not what I was looking for.  Nearly every puzzle in the game is the type of panel puzzle you see at the very beginning of the video.  It's like solving a book of puzzles in a park, the park is pleasant but is msotly there for ambience.  If I'd known that going in perhaps I'd give it a thumbs up but from the videos up there and the screen shots I thought it would be more of an adventure puzzle game where the environment played a large part instead of just a token amount.This game will be absolutly loved by some people but will completely turn off some as well."
,Not Recommended,210970,20936314,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,lookitsgordo,I have no idea what is going on.
76561198009772039,Not Recommended,210970,20828808,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Aurenian,It was very pretty. But if you're looking for something like Myst this isn't it. Personally I found the puzzles more frustrating than interesting.
,Not Recommended,210970,22246567,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Firestrike,"Great game, but not worth 40$"
,Not Recommended,210970,20800280,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Guild,"In short, it's not great, a 5/10 at best, for a little more detail look below.I've knocked up a quick three minute review, check it out here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19Dmcv0CWjk"
76561198055861691,Recommended,210970,20792940,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Nocturnal,"This game will not be for everyone.This games requires patience, mental fortitude, and the desire to conquer each puzzle.....only to be rewarded with the feeling of accomplishment in solving it.    While some puzzles will open up new areas to the player and some are designed to teach you a new ""rule"" or way of solving future puzzles, the fact remains that this game is about challenging yourself to complete puzzles.   For puzzle fanatics this can and will be intoxicating.The artwork and design of the world is amazing to me and for those who take the time to soak it all in..... it can stir up many different emotions.This game exceeds my expectations and it is a 10/10 for me."
76561197960707349,Not Recommended,210970,24601442,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Todd-3465,"There's only one type of mazepuzzle with different variations. Not worth 36,99 €."
,Not Recommended,210970,21425754,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Zhnigo,"GOOD:Clean, minimalistic, vivid graphics and beautiful environments.Good learning curve, seamless and unintrisive tutorials, high difficulty and sense of rewardA lot of different and clever uses for a singular puzzle mechanic - drawing a line from point A to point BSpoiler:Landscape puzzles (and perspective-based mini-secrets) are easily the best thing about the game and its selling point for me. Discovering one for the first time was definitely a ""wow"" moment.BAD:Greatly overpriced for what it offersThe insitence to have the line-drawing mechanic be the only way to interact with the world makes some interfaces needlesly cumbersome and complexPlaying with pen and paper at hand is nearly a must - some kind of system to take notes within the game would be appreciatedFor a game that claims to ""treat (the player's) time as precious"" it has a fair share of deliberately slow sequences forcing the player to waitThe biggest flaw: Instead of actual writing, or even an attempt at writing, the game only has audio recordings of quotes by scientists, philosophers, and other famous people. Most of them are taken out of context and have nothing to do with the puzzle/s at hand. A good part of them is overly long or spoken out with undue emphasis - it quickly becomes evident that they're meant to be read, not listened to. One particular quotefrom the top of the mountatinis extremely long-winded, naive, and generally poorly written - which is no surprise considering its author is not even a writer - proving distracting and ruining the atmosphere. All in all they add the feeling of unpleasant, clumsy pretentiousness and holier-than-thou attitude to what would otherwise be a humble, minimalist gamelike Braid was.BOTTOM LINE:If you like inventive puzzles, beautiful scenery and good writing, buy Talos Principle.If you like inventive puzzles, beautiful scenery, anddislikegood writing, go for Witness - when it gets a 50% discount."
,Not Recommended,210970,28861428,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SMBTrumpet,"This is a good game but an INCREDIBLY lazy PC port.The puzzle mechanics are covered by other reviews.  I find them overall enjoyable with a good degree of difficulty.  The PC experience, however, leaves a lot to be desired:1) You have to use the mouse to navigate most of the game, but the mouse does NOT work in the menu.  Thus whenever I want to quit I have to shift my hands over to the arrow keys and enter.2) Controls aren't particularly customizable.  You can FINALLY remap WASD, but all other options are pretty much mapped to left click.  It would be nice to see the ability to map things to different mouse buttons, to solve the puzzles with the arrow keys on the keyboard instead of with the mouse, or anything else that actually utilized PC controls rather than being optimized for a controller3) Resolution choices are incredibly limited - 1080p/720p/Display Size.  Due to the puzzle nature of the game I would love to be able to have the game take up most of my screen with a small window to the side to take notes on, but due to the resolution of my system (3000x2000), none of these options work for that.4) Most of the XBox/PSN achievements aren't hooked up to Steam Achievements.  A couple are, so they clearly have the infrastructure, they simply didn't bother finishing the job.5) If I change audio devices (on my machine, that's as simple as unplugging and replugging my headphones) the game doesn't cope well at all.This isn't a bad GAME, but this is undeniably the worst PLATFORM to purchase the game on at the moment.  It's a console game with a very thin veneer rather than a PC game."
,Recommended,210970,20788145,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,thegreatnanners,"Did you like Myst, do you like puzzles?  Was your answer to both yes?  Get this game."
,Not Recommended,210970,34892762,Posted: 11 September,all,Jozz,Unless you want to be raged by a game keep away from this non helpful puzzle game !!!
,Recommended,210970,20804260,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,¡¡¡ -,Don't watch any videos or previews and buy this game.
76561197988913207,Not Recommended,210970,20875912,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Seamus,"Overpriced, tediously repetitive and ultimately boring. Yes, I like puzzle games. Yes, I am a big fan of Braid. No, I do not recommend this game.The island is beautiful and the controls are simple and appropriate. Check. There are pleasant surprises in the sights, sounds, and revelations of the island. Some expected, some unexpected. Check. The puzzles are hard. Check. The rules are unclear and are a puzzle themselves. Check. I'm still with you. But as a multi-hour game, a narrative and an experiential mystery? I'm not feeling it.The moments that transcend the little puzzles and hint at the broader, bigger game come across as pretentious monologuing. Further, they lack a connection to each other and fail to propel the character forward in a meaningful way. I can guess what's coming based on these discoveries and it's clear it will all be revealed at the END.The game is full of ""consider your own existence"", ""reflect on your place in this life"" stuff, but considering I'm 8 hours in and am beginning to look up puzzle solutions just to get to the end more quickly... It's starting to feel like the joke's on me. I quitting The Witness to consider the meaning of life elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,210970,20978696,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ollie,"My god this game is boooooooooooooooooring. Its just one maze puzzle after another; the type you would find on children's place mats in a resturant. It's visually well-presented and the atmosphere is.. well, kind of non-existant."
,Recommended,210970,20773895,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,sherlia,"im losing my mindit's great.good puzzles, good environmentgood guy"
,Recommended,210970,20774633,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Wavefront,"Puzzles so far are remarkably varied given they're all ""maze""-type, and the difficulty is also comfortably mind-racking. The graphics are drop-dead gorgeous, this is literally one of the prettiest, most soothing games I've ever played and there's a real sense of ~mystery~ that pervades everything. Haven't played long but what I have played, I've liked.Extremely reminiscent of Myst in spirit, which is allegedly what the devs were after, and it's just so damn comfy it's unreal."
,Recommended,210970,20780406,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,natebc,So far so good!
76561198000306968,Recommended,210970,20781147,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Baeka,"Love it. Great puzzles, wonderful graphics. Great game."
,Recommended,210970,20784699,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dub3000,Looks amazing. Sometimes when I figure out a puzzle my brain feels weird. I like it a lot.
76561198041376523,Not Recommended,210970,21065179,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mercuraz,For those who have patience and a lot of time on their hands.  Puzzles are nice but repetitive and painful
,Recommended,210970,20884698,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mike Tucker,Game of the Year
76561198048106065,Recommended,210970,23545509,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SebastBerg,Amazing game!
76561198169367307,Not Recommended,210970,20884293,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Blueboxerdog,"boring, even for a puzzle game"
76561198070763912,Recommended,210970,20846497,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Arkham,I hate puzzle games...
76561197984537270,Not Recommended,210970,20883549,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dmntflnll,Unplayable due to colorblindness after finishing initial puzzles.
,Recommended,210970,20794240,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dwarf,"The Witness is a beautiful, absolutely brilliant puzzle/adventure game. Get it, it is worth the $40. (I have 10 hours in it, and I'm not even close to finishing it)"
76561198006889126,Recommended,210970,20780046,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SlayerL337,"Only about 2 hours into The Witness so far and it is great. It is not your typical puzzle game like Portal. Up to this point it has consisted of many maze like puzzles. Many people are saying it is boring and has nothing else to it, but if you take the time to explore the island and look around you will find much more. I would definitely reccomend this game if tough puzzles and exploring are your thing."
76561198128469633,Recommended,210970,23309125,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,theedenstate,Yes.
76561197991506012,Recommended,210970,22254250,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,kavika,"WOULD NOT RECOMMEND - ONLY FIGURED OUT YOU CAN RUN 3 HOURS INTO THE GAME DUE TO STEAM OVERLAY.JK. Very fun, looking forward to the next 35 hours of the thing (cause I am slow at puzzle solving)."
,Not Recommended,210970,33994555,Posted: 3 August,all,Sleepy Time Bear,"Just lots of simple map puzzles contained in a walking simulator. While it's gorgeous, I expected more from the creator of Braid..."
76561198352562883,Not Recommended,210970,34748769,Posted: 4 September,all,Æphelion,"This game is full of nothing but grade A shennanigans. 30 minutes on tube puzzle for nothing but a picture, Would rather have spent that time stomping beginner bots in league. GG  8/300"
76561198034339140,Recommended,210970,20778097,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,indiscipline,"This game is a masterpiece.I have no idea what's going on with the people in the ratings here who compare it to Snake or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ because this is not only the hardest puzzle game I've ever seen (and I've been around since Myst at least) but it's the most rewarding, and the deepest, and in small moments, piece by piece, it builds to incredible ideas. It's philosophically deep and extremely powerful in terms of emotion, but still totally accessible. It is the pinnacle of how complexity can be achieved through a simple set of mechanics.The people rating this game poorly probably didn't like things like The Talos Principle or Portal either, let alone things like Myst or Riven. This game will challenge you at every step, and while it seems obtuse at first, it definitely has a thread and a message and something it wants to say.If ever there was a game that is at once an amazing gaming experience *and* can be considered a monumental piece of art, it is this game. This was seven years work for the company/people that made it, and it shows. At no moment does it compromise, and it never, in any way, cheapens itself. This game is a love letter to science, and to religion, and to games and puzzles and space and Earth and if you let it, probably the inside of your own brain too.10/10? ♥♥♥♥ that. It's unrateable. It defies categorization or ratings."
,Recommended,210970,20778887,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Enigma,"The entire game is based around a single simple mechanic — solving maze puzzles — which it twists and warps as you move throughout the open-world map, resulting in some of the most interesting and innovative mechanics ever in a puzzle game. The game doesn't hold your hand and it doesn't tell you anything; you must learn the world's rules through experience and thought, and it's significantly more satisfying as a result. There will be moments when you want to get out of your chair and yell ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ NO WAY"".This is a very difficult and long game, and it's not for the impatient or faint of heart. Satisfaction comes from investment."
,Not Recommended,210970,20836877,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,e0da,"I absolutely hate the core mechanic of this game. I've avoided following it too closely because I wanted to be surprised, and boy was I surprised to find that this game is nothing but dragging your mouse cursor around 2D mazes. I hate it. I absolutely hate it. This is the first time I'm refunding a game on Steam."
76561198013533210,Not Recommended,210970,20801204,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Senders,"The Witness is beautiful and relaxing, at times.If you enjoy difficult puzzles then you will thoroughly enjoy yourself as you continue to delve deeper into this unique puzzle world.The puzzles themselves can be quite challenging, and often times cannot be completed.Others however I find are simple hit and miss guessing games where you have to find the correct path (combination) and can be very tiresome as you have no actual clues to go off. It's a sit down and draw every combination possible and hope to get it. That I find can be quite annoying and it's about at that point where you take a break.I love puzzles, I dislike guessing games.Enjoy the long grind, and the mystery surrounding it."
,Not Recommended,210970,21223270,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jake,this game is an extended $40 visual Jaden Smith tweet
,Recommended,210970,20776156,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ludipe,"So... I'm 4 hours into the game, which isn't much if we take a look at all the content available in ""The Witness"".The game is very deep and interesting. Don't think of it as an open world where there are screens with boring puzzles, because that's not the case, it's hard to explain it without spoling anything, but the island isn't there just to hold the puzzle screens.You'll keep discovering new ideas as you play, getting to know the subtle story and enjoying the beautiful island.If you like puzzle games you should get ""The Witness"", because it's rock solid and super awesome(and the amount of content is overwhelming), if you were looking for detailed explanations of how everything works and fast-paced action, this is not your game."
,Recommended,210970,20780176,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,thegregoman,"Why, steam community, why are you not reviewing this as 100% positive.  I haven't finished the game yet, but I have a sense of duty to add my recccomendation to the pile.  Maybe all the folks who like it are still playing it?"
,Recommended,210970,20773414,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Luke Rising,"Here’s a Hint, Think outside of the box. Not only think but walk around the box, Think what the box is? Think how did the box get here? What does the box think about me? Do you love the box? Does the box love you? Then walk away from the box because you have no idea what you’re doing.  - Luke Rising 2016From the person from ""Braid"" you walk around the island looking for puzzles.(Handy Tip, once you solve a puzzle take a picture of it on your phone, IF you fail the next puzzle you need to complete the puzzle again)"
,Recommended,210970,20774845,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ingeniousclown,"The short:  The Witness is a beautiful, immersive puzzle game that can surprise you with its depth, with puzzles that are conceptually simple yet continuously evolving.  It doesn't hold your hand, but it doesn't make you guess either.  It just is.The longer:  The game is stunningly gorgeous with bright colors and high contrast to make the world feel alive, but it the artistic style contrasts with the absolute desolation you feel while exploring the island.  There is no sound except what a deserted island would traditionally give you, not even any background music.  And it works together to put you in this strange world.The game begins immediately and begins tasking you with puzzles that teach you how to play as you move forward.  There are no traditional tutorials, just simple puzzles that teach you concepts before they get crazier.  They're carefully designed and incremental in such a way that it gives you a clear avenue in HOW to learn what everything is doing and why it works.  It doesn't make you guess, but it gives you the avenue to learn.  It teaches you to fish, so to speak.And it's refreshing.  The atmosphere is foreboding in spite of its simplicity.  Silent in spite of the loud colors.  The world is building and you're becoming a part of it.  I haven't felt this INTO a puzzle game since Portal, yet it is nothing like Portal in absolutely the best way.Also, you can watch me play through it here:https://youtu.be/ZGPCSG6n670"
76561197988904291,Recommended,210970,20782941,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Jvie,Its a wonderful puzzle game.
,Not Recommended,210970,29531530,Posted: 27 January,all,Xenophek,"Bottom line: not worth the $20. Catch it on sale.Having been floored by Braid, I had high hopes for this game. If you're into endless silent puzzles, prepare to be delighted, but I was truly hoping for some sort of plot, or just any sort narrative. The Witness is just a hipster art show that you need a strong fortitude to get through.Edit: It is on sale, apparently. Still not worth it."
76561197960566460,Not Recommended,210970,34296895,Posted: 16 August,all,Lando Calrissian,"I bought this on sale ($13.60) after seeing a review comparing it to Portal 2 and The Talos Principle, but it is not even close to either game. The overworld is sort of interesting (though you can't even jump!), but the puzzles are super weak. They're not 3-d environmental puzzles like in the aforementioned games, but these repetitive maze-like little mini games you might expect from a $0.99 game on the app store. After doing like 20 puzzles (totalling 30 minutes or so), I stopped playing because they were so repetitive and not fun.Fortunately, I got a refund, so I'm not that salty."
76561197993658064,Not Recommended,210970,26644011,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mspring,"In short, one of the most tedious and boringly repetitive games I have ever played.  I honestly tried to like it but dear God...."
,Recommended,210970,20772999,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,unclepeyj,"If you're into puzzle/mystery games like Myst, you should check this out."
,Recommended,210970,20776001,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Zauzazu,"Introduces layer upon layer of depth into the fold, set in a gorgeous mysterious world that begs you to keep exploring."
,Recommended,210970,20787809,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GloryFish,I'm 5 hours in and thrilled with my time on this gorgeous island. I can't wait to dive back in.
,Not Recommended,210970,32373000,Posted: 12 June,all,Skeletor,"There are some puzzles you need to keep on a paper. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! Also, the graphics are nice but it becomes boring quickly. Because the puzzles are repetative."
,Not Recommended,210970,20957086,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Phaedrus,Destroyed my brain in 54 minutes. 2.718281828/10.
,Recommended,210970,20779011,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Red X,Love it the art style of this game and there's puzzles everywhere.
,Recommended,210970,20779032,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mild Mannered Manatee,"Masterpiece of ambience, soul and puzzle solving.  Don't listen to any who might claim that the puzzles are samey or repetitive. This would be a mistake on the part of the unobservant.  While the core mechanic of many puzzles does indeed borrow from the same design, you will be utilizing this toolkit in myriad unexpected ways.  Both the environment around you and the techniques you learn along the way will be central to perservering.  This is the premiere dynamic and deceptively difficult minimalist thinking-person's game which has been too scarcely represented this generation."
,Not Recommended,210970,31928195,Posted: 23 May,all,Mil,"Terrible game. Most of the rules to the puzzles aren't explained and could take hours to stumble upon. The map design and the order of progression are very uninspired. Once you understand the rules of the puzzles, they're too easy. I regret spending money on this trash."
,Recommended,210970,34306537,Posted: 17 August,all,[DeathStroke],"so cool so hard ,♥♥♥♥ it xD"
,Not Recommended,210970,34301245,Posted: 16 August,all,LODI ❤,"You'll need a lot of patience in playing this game. The graphics are fine, it's just that you don't have any options to move forward. You would really have to solve each problem before you go to the next phase. The game is good if you don't get bored that easily."
,Recommended,210970,34262384,Posted: 15 August,all,JoJoTag,ye
76561198050390932,Recommended,210970,29516677,Posted: 26 January,all,Pinche1121,Puzzling game...
76561198005952118,Recommended,210970,29516963,Posted: 27 January,all,Nozdrum,It is a good game
,Recommended,210970,21213629,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Icy1007,"Amazing puzzle game! Well worth the $40!Figure out the puzzles for yourself, don't just go to Youtube and watch Let's Plays of it..."
76561197992801299,Recommended,210970,21198520,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Transformagraphagizer,"10/10would listen to ""In the hall of the mountain king"" on repeat for four hours again."
76561198045145245,Not Recommended,210970,23150195,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tyf,"I _LOVE_ puzzles.  I'm so dang stoked for every one of these puzzles.  Unfortunately, the First-Person POV makes me so motion sick, I can only play for maybe 20 minutes before I'm nauseous for the next hour.So disappointed.  Wish it could have been moved to at least third-person.Enjoying the puzzles so far, and it's truly a beautiful environment, and I'm hoping to keep trying to see what the actual plot is, but I can't recommend this game to anyone that can't do FPS's.  Sorry.  :("
,Recommended,210970,20776974,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Koopah,"After putting 8+ hours (~215 puzzles) in, the game is a masterpiece in puzzle design. None of the panels have fallen flat, and the moments you get when you finally solve a stubborn panel after a 25 minute staredown are just plain awesome. Don't listen to people tear it down because of ""simple design"" or cost. This game is well worth $40."
,Not Recommended,210970,23355178,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Harro,THIS GAME IS BEAUTIFUL but if you arent a fan of maze puzzles then you probably won't like this game very much.
76561197989850223,Not Recommended,210970,20882701,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,^6Chronokun^7,"Absolutely gorgeous graphics but the gameplay is boring as snot. Every puzzle is basically just the same thing - a bunch of 2D mazes and pretty much the only potential challenge to solving any of them is understanding the rules, there's no tools or mechanics to master or anything like that. If 'playing' 'games' like Sudoku doesn't make you wish you were dead then you might actually enjoy this but for everyone else just save your money unless you're happy paying this much for a bunch of pretty screenshots."
,Recommended,210970,20786210,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,kapho?!,jonny blew's wacky puzzle island adventure. everyone was turned to stone from autism overload.(its good)
,Not Recommended,210970,20787773,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Riock,"I like the concept, solve puzzles and solve a mistery, Talos Priciple style. Sadly this game is very ffrustrating to control. There are no tutorials so half the time you have no clue what to do. One time I was atop a castle wall, and saw something down inside the castle that I wanted to check out, so I tried to jump down, only to find out you cannot jump down anywhere in this game, because invisible walls block you. Took me literaly 3 minutes to walk around.If you are like me, and you play puzzle games to relax, don't play this. It will frustrate you more than anything else. A shame, because it looked so promising."
,Not Recommended,210970,29522240,Posted: 27 January,all,Eric,Don't buy this game for more than $20. Another game with an anticlimactic ending. Very disappointing.
76561198034818156,Not Recommended,210970,21393369,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Frank,crashes my computer always
,Recommended,210970,20779001,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,shnurg,"hey do you like puzzles? do you like walking around on islands? this game is for you, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,210970,26115610,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Occulator(AUT),This game is awesome - buy it!
76561198124786040,Not Recommended,210970,20797598,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,sully9088,"I changed my mind about this game. I do not recommend it to anyone.  I hate when developers try to proselytize through their games.  I loved Braid.  Braid had an amazing story.  This Witness game does not have a story, it is a mind-wash.  It took me 4 hours to figure this out.  I hope they give me a refund."
76561197972313050,Not Recommended,210970,20912465,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Admiral666,"While I had really looked forward to this game for some time now, it ended up being unplayable on my system configuration.  Hardware and OS are within the recommended specifications, drivers have been udpated for GPU and peripherals, game still crashes to desktop and doesn't consistently save with the ""auto save"" feature.Loads successfully and plays through the tutorial area well enough and I really did thoroughly enjoy it... then loads the first video sequence.  The video plays through to the end, faces the sky and then crashes to desktop without a log or executable popup error.Attemtped to migrate steam app directory to another storage drive off of the OS drive in case it had been UAC or permissions nonsense but same CTD issue.  Ran game under each quality setting and windowed mode with/without vsync, same issue.  Not using SLI or windows 10.CPU - Intel 4770kGPU - Nvidia GTX 780Windows 8.1Don't have time to spend troubleshooting it as I'm just under the 2 hour mark alone with testing settings to try and get it running and would surpass the refund window.  Disappointed :("
76561197971042250,Not Recommended,210970,20843911,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TreyNutz,"I was fairly disappointed in this game.  I can't recommend it.  The puzzle aspect will appeal to certain players though.The island:  was not beautiful.  It's just simplistic looking polygonal objects in positively garish, over-bright and over-saturated colors.  Exploring the island was distinctly unpleasant.  Maybe it was the tight FOV that made me feel like I had blinders on.  Maybe it was how the camera moved.  Maybe it was a combination of things, but moving around the world was not an enjoyable experience.  And usually I love exploring game worlds.  I explored every little thing in the Talos Principle, for example, and positively got lost in the Vanishing of Ethan Carter and Skyrim.  I was really surprised at my own reaction to the island in this game.  I found the world very off-putting.The puzzles:  the difficulty, for me, wasn't so much of a learning curve as it was steep learning steps.  Puzzle progression repeatedly went from mildly challenging to WTH?  I also ran into a healthy dose of puzzles where I couldn't find anything mentally to work with; just a grid with a zillion different ways to draw the line without any apparent direction at all.  I did a lot of wandering around the island looking for puzzles I could actually do.  Too much wandering given how unappealing I found the environment.  I thought the difficultly curve was handled poorly.Several reviews I read spoke of a language in this game about how the solutions to the puzzles should look, the rules you should apply when drawing the line to solve them.  Learning that language was kind of fun.  You stumble into an area with a bank of panels and solve the first one.  Getting the first solution is pretty easy.  Then you look at the panel and wonder why that solution worked.  You can probably come up with half a dozen explanations.  Then the next panel further illuminates that rule.  You may or may not eliminate some of those explanations.  By the 5th or 6th puzzle you've probably gotten a decent handle on the rule at play, but further variations show that you don't have it down all that well.  More variations unpack unapparent complexities in that particular rule.  And just when you think you understand the rule and its sublties you come to a panel where the rule as you've learned it just doesn't work anymore, or it just doesn't look possible to draw the line and stick to the rule.  A brick wall so to speak.  I ran into a lot of those.Also, the borders of the puzzles were confusing to me.  It seemed to  me that the rules about drawing the line to solve the puzzle broke down at the borders/edges.  I'm not sure, maybe I needed to think that through better.  Maybe it was just my (flawed) understanding of the rule that broke at the edges not the actual rule.  I didn't play enough to really nail down which was the case.No key binding:  I type DVORAK.  Most games today either adjust automatically or have key binding options.  (I own $20 Early Access games with key binding.)  The Witness does neither.  Not acceptable for a $40 game.Menus:  Launching the game starts up a little window to choose your graphics options.  ""Use Defaults"" is the default choice.  What are those?  Who knows?  I picked ""High"" instead.  The game ran fine but the next time I launched I had to choose ""High"" graphics options all over again.  The game didn't remember my choice.  You can interact with this window (and the game) with your mouse.  But when I exited the game mouse control vanished and I had to switch to keyboard controls to quit.  And then to confirm I wanted to quit.  Really, in 2016 for $40 I couldn't use the mouse to click ""Quit"" twice.  It's bad enough I have to confirm I want to quit.  I found it quite jarring to use the mouse so much in this game only to lose mouse support on the exit menus.  I hate to nitpick, but for $40 I expect better attention to such things.  The launch and exit menus look and feel totally last minute.Story:  none that I found in my time with the game.  I found a few audio logs with some philosophical exposition.  But we're not talking the Talos Principle here.  That game had a great story; it really touched me and brought everything together.  If there's a story in The Witness, it seems to be a very minor component of this game.Other thoughts:  FOV usually doesn't bother me, but it did in this game.  I didn't get nauseous, but it felt like I was wearing blinders.  I stumbled across a thread in the forums with a link on how to add a line in some ini file to change the FOV.  Editing ini files to change game settings is pretty horrible; that's a strike against this game for me.  I will say though that increasing the FOV helped a bit.  After making that change I found exploring the island a lot less unpleasant.  But it was still an oddly unenjoyable experience.  I think that might be due to the very bold colors.  There's no restraint with the color scheme here; it's loud, loud, loud all the way.I confess I owned this game for about 2 hrs before refunding it.  I was impressed enough by the reviews to purchase it, and a good puzzle game would have been really appealing to me right now.  But The Witness just didn't cut it.  Not for the money.  Most of my comments should absolutely be read in the context of the price I paid.  If I had picked this up for $20 or less I would have been more tolerant of the game's faults and slapped together menus.  Maybe someday I'll pick this up on a steep discount and put myself through what appears to be a really interesting mental challenge.  As it stands though, I totally regretted my purchase."
,Not Recommended,210970,20833104,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Rattems,44 dollars for the same snake maze puzzle over and over again.
76561197968641670,Recommended,210970,20834892,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Atrocious[Kin],This game is a masterpiece. Play it now!
,Not Recommended,210970,34238340,Posted: 14 August,all,Crohawk,"Extremely boring, pitched as this Myst-like game, but it's just the same puzzle over and over again.Don't bother playing it, it's just more of Jon Blow being up his own butt."
76561197996673937,Not Recommended,210970,20832878,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,cultan,Boring so far.  What am I playing for?  Will slog through to end.
76561198018311409,Recommended,210970,20772848,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dickus Notexistus,"Its a shame people buy this game and imediately refund it just to give it a bad review .This will be the first game iam going to review cause i have been waiting for it so long..My interest for this game has just grown every year since I have seen the Ps4 Trailer back in 2012.I like the creative and non traditional approach of the game , its refreshing instead of the other open world games that are getting published  today with often cliche storys and excessive use of the  more or less  same settings, the witness actually makes me intersted in the world.Not because it has much content and not because it has a cool historical setting  i like which i might have seen many times before. Just because its a world i cant really grasp and didnt saw a hundred times before, that is whats getting me exited for this game. Its the unknown . I dont know what i will find in those lands cause it doesnt really exist nor is it based on anything that really happened.For the Moment i will give it a thumps up although i didnt played the game a minute just to neutralize the ignorant reviews that give this a thumb down after 10 minutes just because they dont know any better .Of course i will update this review as i play this game and might give this game even a thumps down although i dont think that will happen , i will write a full review when i actually finished the game.Iam so exited to finally play it .Have fun everybody!Update 1:Played around 3 hours so far and i love it .The game keeps astonishing me with the creative use of the at first simple appearing puzzle.The way those puzzles often make you not only think about the puzzle itself but about the environment around it is really inovative and the visuals are jaw dropping.I have completet 70 Puzzles so far of 600+"
,Recommended,210970,33124887,Posted: 2 July,all,John Space Marine,The best tutorial I've ever played
76561197972025376,Not Recommended,210970,20839185,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,justintd,"Zero explanation and zero hand-holding. If you want a cryptic puzzle game that will require a walkthrough to progress, then get this game. Personally, I give up. I don't want to play a game that requires a guide to beat it. Am I just stupid? Why don't you find out for only $39.99! It's pretty though. There's that.EDIT: I didn't give up. I'm still playing it and still relying on a guide when I can't figure something out rather than spending hours doing trial and error. I still don't recommend this to the general user, only people who like very difficult puzzles."
,Not Recommended,210970,20851007,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,BottledGodka,The only thing I was Witness to was a grown man stumbling around his yard while wearing a catheter.Pee jar/10
76561198001536271,Not Recommended,210970,34237615,Posted: 14 August,all,odhan,The most repetitive puzzle game I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,210970,20839645,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Smackacat,Refunded.
76561198002602494,Not Recommended,210970,20816864,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,BOT Hole,Great puzzle game. But so much underoptimization for graphic. Almost no graphic setting. Framerate problem.
,Not Recommended,210970,20828796,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,RobChiang,"Remember how you feel that an Arkham game got way too many Riddler trophies? Well, the Witness is that times about 5. Sure, it is indeed much more brillantly designed than most of things Rocksteady ever did. But by the day of the end, it's just way too demanding to be enjoyable."
,Recommended,210970,20777411,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,cakeorrdeath,The best puzzle game I have ever played.
76561198138250404,Not Recommended,210970,21246268,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Watchism,♥♥♥♥ this game forever
76561197997858113,Not Recommended,210970,29366727,Posted: 19 January,all,yuppicide,I don't like this game at all. Are all the puzzles the same? Run a circle across some board? Get's pretty boring after the first few. I did 20 or 30 of them and uninstalled.
,Not Recommended,210970,29182813,Posted: 11 January,all,Ichabod,0/10 the shitness
,Recommended,210970,20794677,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Krion,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,210970,32395008,Posted: 13 June,all,BM10X,"brother: I don't know how IGN gave this game a 10\10Me: Maybe it's a -10\10 would return again?Cue in Super Hot Fire!Here's a link to the video...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03JaJNJcX7UIn all seriousness though, for $40, the game isn't quite what i was hoping for and it became stale very quickly.  However, we plan to snag it when it drops in price to around 20 or 15 even.If the concept of solving similar puzzles 600x for 40 to 50 hours sounds intriguing, then by all means pick up the witness today!"
,Not Recommended,210970,28138713,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,6 Pounds of Shrimp for .99 Cents,"I wanted to like this and I can see why some may like it, however I can't recommend it. The game says there are 500 puzzles. What they don't say is that it's the same puzzle 500 times. I understand this is more of art rather then a game, it's just not fun though."
,Recommended,210970,20776535,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Pineapples,I actually have to draw things on a notepad to solve puzzles.10/10
76561198123957774,Not Recommended,210970,20818997,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,adjeepnavy,Could be  a beautiful game on the oculus DK2 but utterly a mess in vr (jutter). To the devs when will you have acceptable VR support. Until this is fixed I can no way reccomend this game to fellow rifters.
,Not Recommended,210970,32214034,Posted: 5 June,all,Awake Wojak,I played for about an hour and I realized that this game is not for me. Just watch joseph anderson's review of the game and I don't think I have anything else to say about it.
,Not Recommended,210970,20780409,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ever14,"Graphic is terrible, I feel so dizzy (it's not about first personal, see my hours in csgo). It's 2016, such poor graphic is insanely bad.No BGM, come on. A game without BGM, last time was before FC?I also feel the puzzles really really boring. You only have a finger to cross a maze. The ""mine craft"" looking environment means nothing in the game. Probably it means something, like at the very beginning of the game, you get to the wall, and walk around. It takes you some time, but you can do nothing. You cannot jump down, so you need to waste that same amount of time to go back. Great!Is this a joke that this game is 40 dollars? This game is fully capable on IOS system (maybe even better since you can really move your finger on it), and do you want to pay 40 dollars for a puzzle solving game? If you want to, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,210970,23904758,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DaNGeR GaMeR 🎩🎮,Arabic Language:لعبة ما انصح فيها أبداً مملة بقوة ما تقدر تسوي شي بس تمشي و تحل ألغاز فقط لا غير ما تقدر تمسك أي شي غير إنك بس  تقدر تلمس الشاشات هذي حقت الألغاز أنا ما شريتها إلا عشان واحد مدحها في أحد البودكاستات اللي أسمعها ما بقول من هو ولكن صراحةً ماش ذوقه ما ضبط مع ذوقيأخيراً سعرها غالي ولا تستاهله المفروض حقها حوالي 15 ريالو الحمد لله ستيم فيه خاصية استرجاع الفلوس
76561198060301780,Recommended,210970,20775794,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,rocco.salvetti,"Curiosity, exploration, patience and learning are very close experiences as The Witness proves. They complete each other and learning proves itself rewarding. In life discovery is fun not because you get powerful armours but because you find a way to fulfil your curiosity.The first few minutes of Super Mario are to teach how to play and it does so via events. (Braid quotes Mario in these first few minutes quite a lot). That kind of tutorial is an intelligent learning experience. There are obvious actions to take, suggested actions and hidden actions to experiment if you are curious. The Witness is a whole game dedicated to this!This game is not for casual gamers because it could walk as master example in a philosophy book titled: Phenomenology of learning."
,Not Recommended,210970,32187207,Posted: 4 June,all,SaintAndrew92,"Do you want a puzzle game? Ok great, this is a puzzle game.Do you want a pretty puzzle game? Ok great, this game is very pretty.Do you want a pretty puzzle game where you are free to explore? No, no you don't.In most puzzle games you are given a series of puzzles, begining with something easy and then working your way towards something harder. This game makes you find the puzzles first, and if you haven't found the easier ""guide"" puzzles first then good luck, because most of them make little sense without the guides.Ok, so just look somewhere else if you can't complete a puzzle right? Find something easier! Ok... where though? I've got no map, I'm at a complete loss as to where to go, this island is deceptively big and all I can find are the harder puzzles. It feeds you the first three sections then leaves you high and dry.Will try to play a bit more, don't want to use a guide, game is NOT relaxing."
,Not Recommended,210970,20775547,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,MadMarx,"This is the game summed up;The game itself is beautiful and you can tell the artists put a lot of love into this, too bad the entire game is basicly line puzzles. Every now and again you'll find tapes that once you play is just a random bloke/woman quoting something. That is literally the entire game. DO  NOT BUY FOR £30 WAIT FOR SALE.EDIT1: Just like to add that some puzzles are not just simple line puzzles, but slightly more complex line puzzles."
01010010011000010,Not Recommended,210970,28093487,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TasselHat,Good puzzle game with awesome mechanics but in the end is just a massive time sink and leaves a sour taste in your mouth.
,Not Recommended,210970,20794509,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Flammenhand,"I expected a Puzzlegame with soul. Something like Portal, Portal 2, or Talos Principle. A narration that draws me into the world and makes me WANT to solve the puzzles. This is not that. While I ENJOY puzzling, there is nothing in it for me - no personalities to ""duel"" with(GlaDOS), no greater goal to strive for (Talos Principle). Also does a few things with it's gameplay I HATE, like no jumping/falling of edges.In short: Too much Myst, not enough Portal."
,Not Recommended,210970,28500628,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,RonynCato (ಠ_ಠ),Fun when your solving puzzles.Stressful when you can't.
,Recommended,210970,20774477,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,gonzeek,Gorgeous!
76561197991979658,Not Recommended,210970,20777937,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Paul Fisch,"It is shocking how much this game sucks.  Like a 40$ maze book with some art that has nothing to do with the 2d mazes that are the entire game.  Also no story.  This game is 3d for no reason and it is sad how popular it is even though it has essentially no real game content and a bunch of irrelevant art.I wonder if Johnathan Blow realized he would never be able to get physics into his engine so he fell back to simple 2d mazes.  He could've made this in unreal in maybe 2 years max, and if it was just the mazes then 2 months."
76561198010215917,Not Recommended,210970,23589149,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,fafnir13,"I heard so many good things about this game, but it's puzzles are just click and drag mazes.  The mazes gain more complicated rules but that's...it.  That's the game.  The island is essentially a fancy looking menu.  Very disappointing and my first refund request."
,Recommended,210970,20774538,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Kurp ♥,"Update: Now that I have completed the game 100%, I can easily say this is one of my all time favorite games.I love games where exploration feels like a mechanic, and The Witness does that wonderfully. It's not only about solving puzzles, it's about finding and gathering knowledge of them.The Witness perfectly balances its learning curve, open world freedom, and environmental storytelling. You are instantly introduced on how to make progress in the game. Even in the first minutes, you're already wondering ""what's over there?"" Some puzzles require you to learn new rules from elsewhere, some require you to pay attention to the world. The graphics are beautiful and the sound design is immersive. There are some really evocative scenes in the game and I'm finding myself constantly looking at the world in awe.Highly recommended. It's a really beautiful game, full of wonder, inspiration, and great puzzles. Similar games include Myst, The Talos Principle, and Portal."
,Recommended,210970,33146262,Posted: 2 July,all,Sauron,Awesome
,Not Recommended,210970,33309848,Posted: 6 July,all,7amad77,Humm.. I like it how the game is open world and puzzleBUT.. 0 tutorial.I mean how you can solve a puzzle without you know the rules?Welcome to the The Witness0/10
76561198031205709,Not Recommended,210970,24352289,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Squid Pro Quo,"A puzzle game with some mildly entertaining elements and lots of incredibly frustrating ones. My most recent rage quit was due to a puzzle where, if you make a mistake, you have to redo the puzzle before it over again. Over and over and over again. Terribly unfun. I keep reinstalling it thinking ""maybe this time will be the time I get through it"" but then I hit another puzzle that hates its own players and it ends up wiped from my machine again. Would be okay as a series of puzzles on some random website but as a game it is definitely not for me. Buyer beware."
76561198045807635,Not Recommended,210970,28108952,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Owlmanandy,"I can't say I was terribly impressed with the game.  The graphics are beautiful, sure, and I did have fun walking around the island, but in the small amount of time I played, all the puzzles I found revolved around the same basic concept.  As it so happens, I really, really didn't like the concept all that much.  That concept, of course, was moving a dot along a small maze to achieve certain goals.  If that sounds fun, hey, maybe this game is for you.  But for me, it's too late now to get a refund, but caveat emptor, I suppose."
76561197993306370,Not Recommended,210970,20775012,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,MrLonely,"If you're thinking of buying this game, as I did, thinking it's Myst 2016, be warned. This game only has 2D connect-the-dot puzzles on little computer screens scattered about the world. The environment is literally non-interactable. This isn't Myst. It might as well have been a mobile app with puzzles only. For the steep prize, it comes dangerously close to a scam."
,Not Recommended,210970,29532290,Posted: 27 January,all,seglda,"I don't normally write reviews for games on Steam, I'm going to take a minute to write one here:I bought this game because it's by the creator of Braid. I loved Braid. I hold Braid as one of my favorite gaming experiences of all time. It was a fantastic game, and every now and again, I go back and play it. I've bought it on every platform it's been available on, just because I want to support more people having access to the game.This game is not Braid. It's a series of quiet puzzles that, while satisfying to solve, quickly wore on me. I got to about my tenth series of flat puzzles that could just as easily be a flash game, and then I looked up a Let's Play of the game on YouTube. To my astonishment, the flat puzzle mechanic continues to the end of the game.This is not Braid. Do not buy it thinking it is Braid. If you like to sit and tinker with puzzles for hours and hours on end, this game will do you well. I did not, and I do not, and therefore I cannot recommend it.As a side note: the game is gorgeous. It's a shame you spend most of it looking at ugly puzzles."
,Not Recommended,210970,29386354,Posted: 20 January,all,method2,"Without intending to, I got the secret ending within ~10 minutes of starting the game. I thought I was just playing, trying to solve the first puzzle area in the courtyard and BAM - game over."
,Not Recommended,210970,25172355,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TahBahFah,"It's a bunch of boring line puzzles. Yes, really.I wouldn't advise buying this even if it was $5."
76561198033469678,Recommended,210970,20775662,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Alucid,"10/10, have difficulties walking through doors."
,Not Recommended,210970,21333673,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TacoGao,This game sucks.
76561198175620425,Not Recommended,210970,23721074,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ThyWizard77,"In my oppinion plain and simple. One of the biggest wastes of money a man can buy at full price. The game is very bland. There is no music, just the sounds of the environment. I regret my purchase at the full price. However, the game is a nice challenge. It might be worth it at a 75% off sale."
76561198058854579,Not Recommended,210970,34262991,Posted: 15 August,all,HALB3,just not my thing
,Recommended,210970,26122357,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,popfruit,i nut smert so kell mi
76561197994284346,Recommended,210970,20773146,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rod,"Best. Puzzle. Game. Sorry but if you think i'ts a line game this is not for you, go back to COD and CS"
,Recommended,210970,20776373,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,BearDad,"It's a lot like trying to pick up a girl at a bar. After failing over and over, you'll eventually move on to something easier or you'll succeed only to have to do 20 more puzzles in order to shoot a beam on a mountain.10/10 would shoot my beam on a girl's mountain again"
,Not Recommended,210970,20776942,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Nailbunny Quetzalcoatl,"The game is causing me motion sickness.  I'm using a controller, so movement and camera panning is fairly controlled.  I'm aware that you can tweak the local.variable file to override FOV, but I don't think it is strictly an FOV issue.  A game hasn't affected me like this in years.I'd love to give the game a proper review, but that's hard to do when it makes me physically ill.  If it's fixed in a patch, I'll update the review.Specs:I7-2600K24GB RAMAMD 290X 4GBAsus VG248QE 24"" 1080p @ 120HzXbox One ControllerOverride FOV/Tweak graphic settings:http://steamcommunity.com/app/210970/discussions/3/458606877334931773/#c458606877335050768"
76561198103426983,Not Recommended,210970,28161754,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,aybd28,"I cannot believe in this day and age, such awful controls can be used on a game. I have tried without success to turn, but it does not work. Help, as after 5 goes I have given up."
,Not Recommended,210970,24155490,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,IMMORTAL,this game look awesome butbut it's to diffucult for me i like puzzel gamelike portal 2 and talos... but this so diffucult :(
,Not Recommended,210970,32836047,Posted: 26 June,all,bayou_hannibal,"You call it ""difficulty""I call it &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game design'.The Witness is, hands down, the most poorly designed ""puzzle"" game that I have ever played.  90% of the game does not involve the logic traditionally associated with with what we call ""puzzles"".  The overwhelming majority of this game is spent doing one of the following:1.  Spending hours and hours and hours and hours wandering back and forth, inspecting every pixel of your environment (from a variety of angles) for some sort of clue that is basically the solution to a puzzle, hidden in the environment.  If you thought that 90s adventure games had terrible pixel hunts, then wait until you play this.  Once you find the clue, you simply solve the puzzle. Once you play the most autistic game of ""Where's Waldo"" ever invented, your work is done.  You simply solve the puzzle..  This isn't logic.  This isn't clever.  This isn't fun. It is just horribly, horribly tedious  This might be  a good time to point out that the walking speed in the game is pathetic and you will spend the entire game with the ""run"" key held down.  Future tip for game designers -- if you are going to make a game that requires OCD levels of exploration, don't make the gamer trudge through it.2.  Spending hours and hours and hours and hours fumbling around with the ""puzzles"", trying lthousands of different solutions, with absolutely nothing remotely resembling feedback about why you are failing.  The Witness, unlike literally every other puzzle game ever made, doesn't actually tell you what the rules are for its puzzles.  You have to either randomly stumble onto a solutoin after 12 hours of trial-and-error, look up a walkthrough on the internet, or have magical mind meld/mind reading capabilities so that you can figure out what super secret rules Jonathan Blow hid in his game.  That's not ""difficulty"".  Forcing the user to divine the creator's intentions instead of letting them learn the rules of the puzzles themselves is absolutely God awful game design.  I would give some examples here, but it is impossible to do without spoiling the solutions for you.I have heard this game compared favorably with ""The Talos Principle"".  Anybody making that comparison should be shot.  The Talso Principle is a thousand times better than this game.  It is actually a brilliantly designed puzzle game with terrific game mechanics and puzzles that always invovlve logic and deduction.  The Witness isn't.  It's a poorly designed autism simulator masqerading as a game.  It's  a shame that so many people have praised this game so endlessly instead of pointing out how it fails even the most basic game design."
,Not Recommended,210970,20775604,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JohnyZ06,"I feel like they added exploration only to distract from the flat and repetitive puzzles. It looks good but, the controls are pretty good but you get the sense it was intended for controler rather then keyboard and mouse."
76561198023296344,Not Recommended,210970,26163746,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,johnhopfensperger,This isn't a game.
76561198046078166,Not Recommended,210970,25228323,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galecko,I can't believe I witnessed this crap fest
76561197975258329,Recommended,210970,20772497,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,squingeelee,If Myst and Snake made sweet cryptic love this would be the offspring.
,Recommended,210970,26103867,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Vaughn,10/10
,Not Recommended,210970,23191691,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BornToLose1,solve some neon colored puzzles to power some neon colored panels for more neon puzzles until you eventually shoot a neon laser at a mountain.it's great.
76561198044889191,Not Recommended,210970,20779760,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,FabFiz,"Puzzle: The Game(Lolz, but seriously if you have little patience would suggest skipping this 40$ investment. Later segements can become VERY abstract ,blocking you off from the rest of the game, so not too sure if it's worth it.)"
,Not Recommended,210970,29545381,Posted: 28 January,all,TonyBoy,The maze wasn't meant for you
,Not Recommended,210970,29539767,Posted: 28 January,all,AlphaGames,I simply cannot enjoy this game due to heavy VR sickness only after several minutes ingame. If you experience VR sickness in other games it may be possible that this one will have the same problem. Be ware of it.
,Recommended,210970,20772628,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,IDIOTLORD,"If you think this game is ""just playing snake"" you should left click at the first lake expanse and also left click on your brain and drag it to the recycling bin."
76561198001360819,Not Recommended,210970,26123863,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,S P O O K Y,Its just line puzzles fam. All line puzzles.
,Not Recommended,210970,20770921,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,4wake,"Did you seriously make a game this gorgeous just to constrain puzzles to two-dimensional squares where you get to play a combination of connect the dots meets Snake? No Myst-like real world interaction? Nothing? I can't tell if I'm being trolled or what. The game is breathtaking, but if you can't interact with objects in the world to solve puzzles apart from solving Snake the dots, what's the point?This game went from ""shut up and take my money"" to ""return to my Steam wallet"" real quick."
76561198310897823,Not Recommended,210970,34296122,Posted: 16 August,all,pmongan2208,"I bought this game to play with my family, but when I unplug my headphones and plug in the HDMI cable no sound will come out. A couple of hours wiht no sound can really drive you crazy. If  one of the developers read this please send me a fix to this problem"
76561198325396699,Not Recommended,210970,25610877,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,james.d.hutton,"I'm an hour into this game and I have to say I don't get it. You walk around a 3D landscape solving maze puzzles, which you encounter on 2D screens scattered randomly around the landscape. The landscape seems to be entirely superfluous; it's just window-dressing for a bunch of maze puzzles. Have I missed something?"
,Not Recommended,210970,28628226,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,killerkristov,"SPOILERS (?) AHEADI want my 9.3 hours back. I cheated to beat this game and I'm so glad I did. (There was some essential puzzle rules that escaped me.) I was seeing all these statues of people around in the game. I was intrigued by some sort of story that I was 'witnessing' but no. After getting frustrated with the puzzles, I cheated to get to the fat of the game. And there is nothing. No story, no big reveal, no solution to the mystery. In fact, after every thing is done, you go by watching the game undo all your hard work. (unless you cheated of course, then I suppose it's someone else's hard work and your, suddenly realized, wasted labour.)I understand this is supposed to be about understanding puzzles, but c'mon. You couldn't just throw a story in there? All it would take is a little story. Instead, it just seems like a puzzle game where the developers choose philosophy and poetry quotes like they were laid on a dart board. It practically glorified bejeweled at this point."
,Not Recommended,210970,28773628,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MickeyUSA,Puzzel game with basicly no narrative look into stanely parable or The beginners guide those games have a great anrrative and are much better games. Dont waste your money on this over rated piece of ♥♥♥♥. I returned it.
,Recommended,210970,20772359,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,s0rtynet,I had to search for a solution for the 11th (out of 600+) puzzle.10/10 would google again
,Not Recommended,210970,20772544,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mister Chippy,"Low playtime is due to a refund. I can't say I'm entirely convinced the game is bad but I'm not going to risk $40 on a game that has failed to grab me and shows no real signs of doing so in the near future.Puzzles are at the level you'd find in one of your better games on the app store, but no better than that. So far they've lacked any actual difficulty and have attempted to compensate for this with excessive obfuscation. Given the numbers they gave I think I'm slightly over 1/4th of the puzzles in the game. Athough I know this changes later, so far I haven't found anything to interact with in the overworld aside from the puzzles and rather hamfisted audiologs featuring quotes from real life people that don't appear to serve any purpose aside from making the game look deep.Who knows, maybe the game gets fantastic later on, but so far I haven't found anything to compell me to keep playing, let alone to pay $40 for it. A mobile style puzzle game with distinctive graphics and ""look at how deep I am!"" quotes probably won't ever be worth $40 to me."
,Recommended,210970,20770825,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ATW Tech,"Runs flawless at 1080p 60FPS on a 750 ti/i3/4130t set at Medium settings. Game looks gorgeous. Very well done, Blow, well done.FPS test -https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjXKubG2KSDmqrbqDX4IoYVzpG-hP_V8w"
,Recommended,210970,20771199,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SieranTheFox,"I have no doubt that this is going to be a very engrossing puzzle experience, but there isn't an FOV option available. I feel like that's important to highlight. Even so, the game is beautiful so far."
76561198053511979,Recommended,210970,25643586,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,sciinsane,"If you enjoyed Braid, you'll enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,210970,28130318,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Chaos6505*Qc,"read on internet that the game was VR support, i jump on the game since its discount (wont paid 50$ for a puzzle game loll) and then, when you launch the game in VR it as a game error the game couldn launch... ask for refund and sad...DO NOT BUY IT FOR VR IT IS A TRAP..."
,Not Recommended,210970,20774110,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,DANG3R,اللعبه الغاز  ممله  و مافيه شي يحمسك ابد ابد تكرار بالالغازبختصار شديد : العبه كلبيه
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,210970,32311436,Posted: 10 June,all,Plebleb,"In one of the early puzzles in this game, the goal is to protect the white blocks from the black blocks with a wall. I'm not kidding. Stand up to racism, do not buy this dogshit"
,Not Recommended,210970,20772597,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,*Qc | Fr0sTy#420,59 Minutre of gameplay ..... Got Tired ... Ask Refund* *** THX NATASHA 미코테
76561197960619247,Not Recommended,210970,23795964,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jkri,"Witness me not playing this game. Typical hipster game, anyone looking at it objectively would find it rather dull. If you are working the hipster angle then proceed and don't forget to tell everyone how much you love it.Would love to hear exactly WHAT you find great about it, usual answer is something like ""I cant really put it into words, it has something special..."". Pest"
76561198048895443,Recommended,210970,20772003,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,pro452,One word...
,Not Recommended,210970,20771231,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,YaW,"So basically Snake with good graphicsEDIT: OK, I've played some more (half hour more) and the game keeps the same. Same puzzles with little non-interesting twists, same mechanic. Yup."
,Not Recommended,210970,33158045,Posted: 2 July,all,Drillur,It's amazing.Don't buy it.
,Recommended,210970,30402598,Posted: 8 March,all,WiseOldHooter,"10/10HANDS DOWN THE BEST PUZZLE GAME I HAVE PLAYED TO THIS DATE!It is the perfect puzzle game. It is difficult, but it teaches you how to play itself. It does not hold you hand, EVER, but it does not leave you with an unfair disadvantage. Every puzzle has other much simpler puzzles, teaching you how to actually solve them.The environment is beautiful, the game is engagin, the puzzles are challenging, and fun, the main mechanic of the game is echoed in every aspect whatsoever. It is just game desing done right.Johnathan Blow if you are reading this, you are my hero. I wish and I hope I can be half as good as a game designer as you are one day!"
,Recommended,210970,30534277,Posted: 15 March,all,BoxOfFaces,"One of the most innovative, challenging, and rewarding puzzle games I've ever played.This game does not hold your hand in the least. It can be frustrating sometimes, but the experience is ultimately rewarding, as it gives you chance to decide where to go and what to do, and lets you toy with puzzles as much as you like without interupting you with tutorials. If one puzzle type stumps you, move to a new area. You have to beat a certain number of areas to win the game, but you don't have to beat all of them, so you can pick and choose which areas are worth finishing to some extent (I really wish I knew this before getting to the end of the game).Each puzzle type is a new twist on the same puzzle format, so everything feels fresh yet related. This makes it easy to combine puzzle types, which makes the late game very interesting. The whole game feels liek a huge connected island with small sections that are completely their own thing yet part of the bigger picture. It works wonderfully.I don't want to spoil anything to specific. I just want to say that the puzzles are extremely creative and I I found myself gitty to try and solve each problem I found. The more you play, the more you begin to understand the game, and the more fun you having solving it. It's an elegantly designed experience that is a must-try for any puzzle fans."
,Recommended,210970,30677203,Posted: 22 March,all,CR1DRS,"I was initially reticent to purchase the game but was convinced of its quality almost instantly once I ran it. First of all, it's pretty. The art style is unique and striking, and I very much love to look at it. Second, the puzzles are rewarding. I've hit a spot of bother at the moment after encountering a new set of puzzles, but I'm certain that I will figure them out. The developers have struck a lovely balance between making the puzzles very difficult at times but never frustrating, and that seems like a particularly delicate challenge for this type of game. I never expected to be as impressed with it as I am. It's very well done."
,Recommended,210970,30596224,Posted: 18 March,all,basilisk,"The Witnessis basically a Metroidvania, except all the gear upgrades happen inside your own brain.An absolute masterpiece of puzzle game design. Enormous and varied, carefully crafted to the tiniest detail, gorgeous and, most importantly, astonishingly clever and extremely satisfying to unpack and understand. An intricate machine where everything fits just right and everything has a purpose. A brilliant, brilliant game.(And yes, it's also more than a little snobbish, but you know what, if there's one game that has earned the right to be snobbish, this is it.)"
,Recommended,210970,30596025,Posted: 18 March,all,BVLoX,"It's not a perfect game, far from it. Just know what to expect: if you like unconnected puzzles and good-looking artistry, this is a good game. But if you like a clear storyline and well-explained reasons for doing stuff, or if you hate doing maze after maze, do not come even close this game."
76561198004802894,Recommended,210970,20826039,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,bodiroga,It is a good game.
,Recommended,210970,20826096,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Axel,"really good, especially the part where you explore the island and solve the puzzles"
,Recommended,210970,20822151,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Silver Aura,"If the game appears to be breaking is own rules, it's only because you don't fully understand them."
76561197994545779,Recommended,210970,22394918,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,illuminat_i / Oov lag spike,第一次玩这种类型的游戏，也有幸碰过了这一款5小时三道激光已经开启，真是又费眼睛又费脑细胞啊不过的确好玩，十分值得入，适合所有年龄，尤其是担心大脑活跃度不够的人群
,Recommended,210970,30465045,Posted: 12 March,all,Zenphee,"The Witness puts you on an island, alone, and presents a beautiful world to explore, and hundreds of puzzles to solve within it. I had a blast discovering the serine island, and gradually learning and solving the many different types of puzzles. The Witness has many unique ways it uses the environment to help the players solve its puzzles, and many of its puzzles are actually in the environment itself. I was stumped over and over whenever I entered a new area and couldn't solve the puzzles, but was overjoyed again and again when I discovered how to solve them. The Witness is not only about puzzles, however. As you discover the island, the developers lead you on a journey of contemplating differing ""religions"" or philosophies in a way that allows you to see those philosophies, and even your own, with a fresh pair of eyes. This game was an incredible experience. However, it still has its problems. The solution methods for some of the puzzle types are too vague, causing uneeded frustration; especially for those who feel they have failed if they look up a guide. Also, Jonathon Blow doesn't seem to understand the concept that you shouldn't keep your player waiting for too long, as some areas require long journeys to reach everytime you want to visit, and there are several solutions to puzzles that require long backtracking journeys, or even hour long waits (the puzzle mentioned here is uneccessary to beat the game, just needed to 100% it). I think to sum up my complaint I would say: I spent 35 hours on this game and could have spent a lot longer if I used no help whatsoever, and it just doesn't need to be that long. However, if you are more patient than I am, you will enjoy the experience start to finish.In summary, The Witness is a brilliantly designed and unique puzzle game that I would definetely recommend to any puzzle game fan."
76561198028997078,Recommended,210970,30494754,Posted: 13 March,all,arvidsson,"A lot of puzzles for the buck, some of them very cool and ingenous. Couldn't hurt to have a more prominent story in the game though. The world is interesting but you are kinda left wondering about it after you complete it."
76561197989812811,Recommended,210970,30482244,Posted: 12 March,all,kamasan,"A nice puzzle game, with a very thought off world. Everything seens to be put in the world with a purpose. Many small secrets and nice vistas. I don´t see it as a puzzle game like ""Myst"", it´s more akin to ""The Talos Principle"", without the overarching lore.I liked the puzzles, simple as they might be, with many different challenges.I limed even more the bigger picture puzzles, that makes you go around looking for clues.Still haven´t finished it, taking my time.Reccomended."
76561198063378984,Recommended,210970,25312194,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,sodejanus,"I just finished ""The Witness"" this afternoon in 20 hours in total. The ending might not have been the perfect ending, because I haven't solved all of the puzzles yet (390 so far) and there are still some more areas to explore. The ending I got wasn't very satisfying and I read some reviews that said the same thing. However, I don't actually expect a more engaging ending after solving the other areas. But I will try to finish them. So far I solved every puzzle without help of a walkthrough, and I like to see how far I can get. I don't really care for a better ending. I guess one could compare this game to a paper edition of logical puzzles. When you buy one of those, you know there will be a first page and a last page. And then that's the end of it. It's not about the ending, it's about the puzzles in there and the satisfaction of solving them. Some puzzles in ""The Witness"" are very hard and require creative thinking. There is more to most of the puzzles than just the panels themselves. But I don't want to spoil anything, so you will have to find out for yourself. One helpful hint though to prevent thinking you can't proceed: if you do get stuck on larger panels with a new kind of puzzle you can't solve, there is probably a learning set of the same kind of puzzle somewhere else on the island. The island itself looks beautiful and the puzzles are nicely integrated in the environment, though the power wires lying around everywhere might just break through the illusion of paradise a bit ;). And somehow I think they are meant to.I can really recommend this game if you like logic puzzles. And, I must admit, there is enough to see and think about besides the puzzles. The island itself is also one big puzzle. But not one I expect to solve. And I actually don't even think we are really supposed to. As long as you are okay with that, you will have a great time with this title."
76561197974948639,Recommended,210970,25403077,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cirkeline,Easily the best puzzle game of the year. The way they have taken a simple concept and then pushed it to every imaginable and quite a few utterly unimaginable limits is nothing less than astounding.
76561197993055223,Not Recommended,210970,30767292,Posted: 26 March,all,Halroth,"This game has a fantastic setting, great looking, beautiful graphics and an interesting twist.Unfortunately it commits two cardinal sins for a game of this nature.The first is...its boring.  The alternately drek simple and obtuse puzzles quickly were down the novelty of the settling, and unless you are a quick solve the vistas quickly become secondary.  The second sin is the up its own rear reality of what’s going on.  There is random art scattered everywhere for philosophical and art reasons that have no pay off to finding them, and are frequently a boobie prize for the effort it took to find or notice them.  I won't spoil the actually secret of this game, but I can say that once i found it out I felt like even the achievements I had earns had been a waste of time."
,Recommended,210970,30762186,Posted: 26 March,all,Guiding Moonlight,"Probably the best puzzle game I've played in a long time. Nothing felt cheap, everything can be solved with a bit of thought (or just going on a wander), and variations that always surprise."
76561198128034200,Recommended,210970,25277887,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,onyx,"Did you love Myst? Then you want to play The Witness RIGHT NOW.This will go down as one of my top 10 favorite games of all time. At first it appears to be a simple collection of easy maze-based games, but once you play long enough you realize that there is another level of puzzles going on around you... and then when you have a grasp on that, you uncover a third layer. The game just kept giving and giving... challenging and rewarding, non-stop.I played through the entire game twice, back-to-back, because I found the world so engaging and peaceful/wonderful to be in and experience.I originally received the game for free (not for this review) but after playing through it twice I went and paid for it anyway just because I want developers like Jonathan Blow (who also gave us the incredible ""Braid"") to be supported so that they will continue to bring us unbelievably original and immersive games such as this.It impacted me much like ""Journey"" from ThatGameCompany (PS3), so if you're looking for a memorable experience, do yourself (and the world, by supporting this work) a favor and get The Witness immediately. Again... if you loved Myst, this is what you want... if you hated Myst, then just go on about your way. :)Oh, and do yourself a HUGE favor... don't ruin anything by going online looking for solutions. I stumbled across an entire aspect of the game that I had missed up to that point, one which would have been much more impactful had I eventually just figured it out for myself."
76561198052377869,Recommended,210970,25231989,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,notkrd,"Every single object in this game is where it is for a reason, and has something to say. The Witness is one of the most interesting games I have played and does everything that I want good art to do - it offers a new and useful perspective on the world, and great pleasure in trying to work out what it is telling me"
,Recommended,210970,25722995,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,wheatleyco,"Recommended with a large pinch of saltThe witness is a open world game set in an absolutely gorgeous world with striking colours and beautiful environments. It is quite ironic that the actual game element is solving mazes within the environment which are very few and the majority of times you will be solving 2d mazes based on various rules. there are about 10 or so different rules used and you learn the mechanics of each rule in different places which encourages exploration as you will find puzzles which combine rules which you have not yet seen. The exploration is absolutely thrilling to do as the environments are gorgeous and breathtaking. there is no story I could gather in my incomplete playthrough though you see some audio files which ramble about philosophy or something which I completely ignoredNow coming to the gameplay you will be solving 2d mazes based on the environment or based on rules you learned before incorporating various symbols,colours and shapes. the mazes may sometimes be in the environment which is optional to solve. On solving the mazes various doors open and various mechanisms work through. There are a set of lasers in the 15 or so areas which when completed will open the last area I figured that out seeing a vieo walkthrough. I will come to that in a bit as to why i did not complete the game. You are given tutorial puzzles to solve so that you can understand the mechanic and solve a set of increasingly complex puzzles which might require you to combine 3-4 rules.Now coming to my biggest gripe as to why I played 24 or so hours and left the game incomplete. It depended on this 2 basic questions for meAm I enjoying the game?Could I bear solving any more mazes?Is the game fun at all?the answers to all three were no. the game IMHO just did not give me that AHA moment on solving the puzzle. When I got to figure out a rule solving 50 or so puzzles adhering to the same rule just seemed a chore and the puzzles just seemed like math homework where the rules constantly change and you are given a set of problems to try and figure what the solutions are and match up the solutions so you reach something consistent. The rules are incredibly conssten but using the rules in increasingly complex puzzles was not fun for me at all. At the 200th puzzle I simply was not enjoying the game. The mazes themselves disgusted me and I had no inclination to solve them.I would recommend this game only to people who like figuring things out based on no prior inputs. There is absolutely no hand holding here and no text to guide you. The rule you figured out might not even be the correct one. So it requires patience to find out what exactly is the fail case for the tutorial puzzles which is not as easy as it seems.This game feels like Sudoku where the rules keep changing and you have to figure them out and then get hammered with tons of puzzles on that rule and the rule again changes. Rinse and repeat and in between they will combne 2 rules. If you like this type of gameplay then this a perfect game for you. It just not fo me.This game would be really appreciated by a very selected audience and I get that. It just not is not a game for everybody and it might take you sometime to actually figure that out. I figured that out once I was constantly irritated and frustrated seeing the puzzles and was more inclined to see a walkthrough and get things done. Thats the time I questioned why am I even continuing playing this in that way when I am no longer enjoying it.The reviews and video walkthroughs do not give you a feel of the game, I recommend to atleast try out this game. If it is your cup of tea you will adore and admire the game. If not you will help Jonathan Blow with his maybe future projects which might be to your liking. I absolutely loved Braid and would love to see what he brings in after this game. This is an absolute masterpiece of a game only with the big caveat being whether you will like it or not. I will say take the plunge and go ahead, Buy the game experience it at least once. If you do not like it thats fine accept that it is not your type of game but you would really contribute to this masterful game designer. I have absolutely no doubt that Jonathan Blow is a masterful game designer and like Braid was mainstream this game has its niche audience. I hope the next game is more mainstream with the unique game design of the previous game."
,Recommended,210970,26239656,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,snipe91594,"The Witness is another great puzzle game from the mind of Jonathan BlowIf you want to be ""rewarded"" from completing puzzles turn back. A routine complaint I've seen of this game is that there is no reward for completing the puzzles, and in a sense that is correct. If you enjoy puzzles for there own sake this is a game for you.The puzzles, in essence, are incredibly simple. There is a starting and ending point on a panel. You must drag a line to the ending point. Puzzle complete. This, however, is quickly complicated with new caviots and rulesets which are never explicitly explained. This game is an excercise in teaching the player new concepts without telling them. It lets the player feel out the rulesets themselves and, in truth, this is what most of the gameplay is. It isn't shy about letting the player misunderstand a ruleset and this will sometimes happen, but it always gives a way to learn what is wrong about your current mindset.The puzzles exist, often in sets, on an island with various areas. Each area has its own rules and theme. The world will often blend itself into the puzzles whether directly being a part of it or through somthing like the asthetic.The world is very well designed. This is a very beautiful game. The game has a painting-esque look to it and often uses diverse colors to striking effect. The environments and purpose of having these puzzles abstractly placed on pads may seem pointless at first but the island and panels serve a purpose.The game wouldn't be the same if you simply flipped through a book of each puzzle. The game, in fact, would not be able to exist as it is now.I don't want to spoil some of the fun of the puzzles in The Witness so I'll close by saying this. The puzzles in the witness can seem a bit trial and error like at times, but I don't believe this is the case. The Witness is simply a puzzle game that is trying to say some things about the way we learn.It is a must play game for fans of puzzles or great world design."
,Recommended,210970,26256630,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,bigjosh50,"The game is a masterpiece, so beautiful the landscape of the game and the puzzles are incredibly difficult, this game certainly DOES NOT hold your hand to walk you to the end of the game, I gurantee that you will be heavily challenged :)"
76561197961851274,Recommended,210970,26261872,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Biff_MaGriff,"You awake alone on an beautiful island full of puzzles.The puzzles share a central theme where you must draw a line starting from a ball, through a grid, and to the end point.It starts very simple and gets complex.There is, however, a greater truth to be found about your origin, the island, and universe itself.There is no meaningful dialogue and no tutorials in the game so you must figure out this truth on your own.If you enjoy laid back puzzle games, buy this now."
76561197962876871,Recommended,210970,26217714,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Donkey,"I got this game because I love the Myst series and other immersive puzzle games.  After an hour playing I realized that this was not similar to a Myst game and it wasn't going to be.  This is NOT a game where the puzzles are contextual with the environment and solving them advances a plot.  I wish I had known that.  This is rather more like someone bought you one of those puzzle books you can get at the airport.  The puzzles are spatial, color based, maze-like, etc and you get to solve them on a beautiful island.  At first I regretted it, but as I kept learning the puzzle's unique ""rules"" and got better at solving them, I had more and more fun.  They're almost addictive now although some of the categories did wear out their welcome as far as how many there were.tl;dr - Fun logic puzzles that will blow your mind on a beautiful island, but don't expect much plot"
,Recommended,210970,26232171,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Wanderer,Simply a masterpiece!
76561198196521454,Recommended,210970,26225864,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,wanderwoman222,"Great game, and worth the price.   A fun, immersive way to pass the time if you like games like The Talos Principle, Portal 2, and Q-Beh.  That said, it is a shame there's no ""story,"" but the puzzles are challenging enough that you can forgive that small lapse. I definitely liked the way the puzzles unfolded and increased in complexity as you went along."
,Recommended,210970,26272585,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,andrey.turkin,This is the most amazing puzzle game I've ever seen. It is really hard to solve but it has many subtle hints from the developers. There are lots of hidden puzzles to uncover which makes for excellent replayability.
,Recommended,210970,26357419,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sankozi,Very good puzzle game+ nice visuals+ great puzzles+ exploration- sound puzzles
,Recommended,210970,26365077,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Noogie,"The Witness is in a lot of ways a stunning piece of work. The environment is gorgeous, and the puzzles are challenging. You can sense the love and care that has gone in to preparing both. Be prepared to sink a lot of hours in, but it's worth it if you enjoy the puzzles.  Try not to read too much about it, just dive in blind and discover as much as you can for yourself.   Note: colour blind/deaf players will struggle with certain puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,25086212,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Axelon,"While you will swear a lot, this game really does push the entire concept of what a game is in new directions.A long time ago Myst did this, and now we have The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,25183917,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mollikka,"At face value, The Witness is a pretty version of the puzzle you solve to unlock your phone. But really, it's a very well made adventure game. I can't think of another puzzle game that lets you freely explore such a large area filled with brain teasers of all sizes. The harder puzzles are frustrating, as they should be. They never feel cheap, just too clever for you - until you solve them.Best mysterious island I've been stuck on since Myst."
,Recommended,210970,25074865,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,hoserama99,"I love a good puzzle game - Talos Principle was one of my recent favorites. You could probably consider The Witness to be along the same vein, although with less physicality to the gameplay.This is not quite as good as Talos Principle, IMHO, as it's just unending variations on line puzzles (AFAICT). Some of the twists are quite clever, but it's still line puzzles as far as the eye can see. I'd lover a little more variety in puzzle type.That said, I've been enjoying them so far, and the artwork is very nice.A solid 3 out of 5, 4 of out 5 if you don't mind never-ending line puzzles."
76561197970927841,Recommended,210970,26483839,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mr.SockPuppet,美しく彫刻環境と素晴らしいパズルゲーム。教育と挑戦パズル。 「ミスト」と「花」が組み合わさ。非常にパズルを解決するために求めている方にお勧め。
76561197997839137,Recommended,210970,26529529,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SeanL81,"Although I love puzzles, I had been putting off buying the Witness for so long.  After seeing that it was picked as ""Game of the Year"" by World of Puzzles magazine, I finally decided to buy it.  WOW.  This is what adventure puzzle games need to be!  It reminds me a bit of a mash-up between Myst, Talos Principle, and maybe Fez to a lesser degree.  I am an explorer/achiever gamer type and this game is the perfect fit for that.  I really don't want to give away anything - try to go into this game knowing as little as you can.  Do you love puzzles?  Exploring?  Having epiphanies?  Buy this game!  I can't say enough good things about it."
,Recommended,210970,27224832,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DustInCompetent,"This is one of those rare games that you want to forget all about just so you can figure out everything again, like FEZ and The Talos Principle combined."
76561198027364206,Recommended,210970,27242944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ikillomega,"The Witness takes a very simple maze puzzle idea and steadily expands on it throughout the course of the game, creating a challenging-but-fair puzzle experience that is uniquely its own, while still successfully harkening back to classics like Myst.  It's among my favorite games I've played all year, and my favorite first-person-exploration/puzzle/mystery game since Gone Home."
,Recommended,210970,27370572,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,miragesandworlds,"The best game you can buy for your brain.Apart from the simple but really imaginative puzzles, this game is pure eye candy and excellent level design. Also, you can find awesome thoughts, by various thinkers and scientists from different times which are very vauable and interesting throughout the island."
76561198141417426,Recommended,210970,27361902,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,war3yu,"A game with beatiful sight and clever panel puzzles at first glance.But, see the black pillars scattered around the island?If you don't know what they mean, you must have missed the majority of the game contents."
,Recommended,210970,27351163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Swammy,Great puzzle game and fun to explore
76561197967029973,Recommended,210970,27358128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,seahawke0,I really enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,210970,27358447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pelvic Prosecutor,"I've nominated this game for the ""Whoah, dude!"" Steam Award as it truly deserves it. This game does to naturally environmental logic and pattern puzzles, what Portal did to portals.It's a wonder not only to play but also to look at, and the ending leaves you just as confused as  when you started. You go through starting to get the idea you're pieceing things together, but I can guarantee you're not.After running the story of this over the course of a week I started seeing the puzzles in buildings and environments in real life, searching frantically for that perfect line-up, or curious flower arrangement. Truly this game is a work of logical art."
76561198040728867,Recommended,210970,26986860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crazym777,Will make you write weird diagrams in a notebook like a crazy person.
76561198066684044,Recommended,210970,27288285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Jackpots,"Don't go into this game expecting story, or any kind of explanation. All this game has to offer is pretty views and puzzles. However, these pretty views are incredibly polished and thought out, and these puzzles are some of the best, most creative, and thoughtful I have ever seen in a video game. The game is well worth its price."
,Recommended,210970,27176587,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DennieBee,"For me The Witness was perfect. It consumed me and my social life for a few weeks. But man, did I love every minute of it. The puzzles, the artwork, the hours of one puzzle while eventually FINALLY getting it. Such an amazing experience. I'm a guy who likes to play games that require something different or more than fast hand-eye coordination, like many shooters nowadays. Don't get me wrong, I love the occasional shooter, but The Talos Principle, Stanley Parable, Superhot and Firewatch are examples that catch my attention more. The Witness is definitely on top of that list and everyone that likes aforementioned games should buy this game and be amazed. Great respect for Jonathan Blow who treats game development like a true craft and not just a money making machine. Too bad such devotion takes so much time, but waiting for The Witness was worth it."
,Recommended,210970,26972594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,csubj,"Of all games I have played, this stands apart the rest as the best one. If you enjoy games as an experience, this is one you should not miss."
,Recommended,210970,26976523,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,daze23,"Great puzzle game. It requires you to figure out the rules of a puzzle before you can solve it. I had to use a sketch-pad, and even photoshop, to solve some puzzles, and I loved it. It was like another dimension to the game figuring out what tools I could use to help myself visualize the solution.A very rewarding game, that never holds your hand. Probably my favorite game of 2016."
76561197983732123,Recommended,210970,26994619,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gilben,"One of the most beautifully designed games I've ever played, the water is gorgeous too."
,Recommended,210970,27033250,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chub,"The Witness is one of my favorite games of all time. It offers an incredibly beautiful world of minimalistic puzzles, and its diverse biomes complement each other perfectly. With absolutely no handholding, The Witness provides an immersive challenge that few games have been able to replicate."
,Recommended,210970,27013042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,idbrii,I still haven't finished The Witness and I'm not sure I ever will. It is a llonging game and eventually the puzzles feel more taunting than fun.But The Witness is one of the best puzzle game played in a long time. It does and incredible job teaching you how the puzzles work and lets you use that knowledge to solve some truly challenging puzzles.
76561198012035525,Recommended,210970,27007264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Reubs,"When you first start up the game, you are thrust into a world of discovery. There are no bread crumb trails, compasses, or any kind of hand-holding to be had here. The player is left to his/her own wits to explore, solve and unlock the secrets this island has to offer. Because of this, finding a solution to that one challenging puzzle, or figuring out how a certain mechanic works is all the more rewarding, because you feel like you did it yourself."
76561198212644175,Recommended,210970,27022454,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Subject941,"Part Walking simulator, Part puzzle game, The Witness is a game that'ss challenge your wits. And paitence. The puzzles are tough, easter eggs tougher, and you're guarenteed to rage quit at least once. It's a beautiful sadistic island, but we both know you can beat it."
76561198079826397,Recommended,210970,26883311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThereIsNoSpoon,"This game made me question my own intelligence.It makes you think hard and the moment you solve a puzzle you'll relase how easy it was and how come you didn't get it sonner.It's amazing how drawing a pattern on a grid of dots can be so challenging.Besides the puzzles, the game embarks you on a continous search for meaning. Also the visual are beautiful!"
,Recommended,210970,27028399,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DangerZone,"Wander the island. Learn the language of the puzzles. I find The Witness to be a fascinating study in allowing you to somehow observe yourself going through the process of learning. There's no text, no instructions, no hand holding - just you, and the puzzle, and context. It may seem frustrating, but if you keep at it, you may surprise yourself with what you can do."
,Recommended,210970,26178073,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mischa_Smirnov,A challenging puzzle game that makes you really become patient and attempt to think outside of the box. The stunning visuals are the icing and cherries on the cake. Puzzles can come out of things you never dreamed would be capable of being a puzzle
,Recommended,210970,26366621,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Amerikaner,Up there with Portal 2 as the best puzzle game I've ever played.  Clever puzzles and wonderful atmosphere.
76561198065621158,Recommended,210970,26367519,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Xiox,"Ever wonder what it feels like to be a genius? If yes, then play this game!"
76561198115709169,Recommended,210970,26380490,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,polarski,This game is amazing.
76561197988023670,Recommended,210970,26372408,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,prawnzzie,The story is subtle but an amazing path of discovery with some of the most satisfying puzzles I've ever solved.
,Recommended,210970,26965940,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WITNESS ME,"This is my favorite puzzle game and one of my favorite games ever. Exploration, learning, and discovery combine in an amazing fashion. I would not recommend this game to you if you are not enjoying it after playing for about an hour."
,Recommended,210970,26931074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Exoplanet,This game was so good! Get it if you enjoy games like The Talos Principle and Antichamber.
,Recommended,210970,26905525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nash,"The Witness respects you as a smart individual, it counts on you to be able to solve problems by yourself. If you don't like thinking (outside the box), this is not a game for you. But if you do, The Witness is a remarkable puzzle game which keeps rewarding you for being smart. Or at least it makes you feel smart.Masterpiece."
,Recommended,210970,26838156,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Laughablewinter,"A very good puzzle game, having multiple paths to take ensures you'll never find yourself stuck for long (sleeping on it should be enough) and although the basic sliding puzzle design seems limited at first it really has been fleshed out in a number of interesting ways that make each area feel unique. Also the way the game teaches you the rules of each area is  very clever and feels more rewarding then simply being told the method, I highly recommend it."
76561198010175757,Recommended,210970,26971547,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brosephski,"The Witness isn't a perfect game. There's essentially no plot, so it can feel unrewarding to play at times with nothing egging you forward. The puzzle count is misleading; many of the panels in the game are so simple they shouldn't count as puzzles. However, the game is an incredible work of art and is absolutely worth a playthrough for anyone who likes puzzles."
,Recommended,210970,26979702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Voidberry,"Addictive, inventive, and mysterious, this game continues to cause mysteries to this day."
,Recommended,210970,26979776,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Teslatarian,Put over 50 hours into this exploration puzzle game. Still enjoy walking around looking for everything. Still haven't finished it...
76561198069332606,Recommended,210970,26965792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,barf,One of the best games i've played. If you like puzzles this is probably up your ally
,Recommended,210970,26999162,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Knife Snake,"An entire island that is one big puzzle. Every aspect of the environment carefully assembled. A game, or rather an experience, about growing and learning.One of those games that you wish you could play for the first time over and over again."
,Recommended,210970,26678090,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,NittanyLiam,"I loved this game. A lot of reviews say the puzzles were repetitive, which I see why, but they did not get boring at all to me. The puzzles all LOOK almost identical. But each one is very different. Each of the beautifully designed and colorful areas has a different set of rules for the puzzles, that you have to learn. Which is exactly how Braid was, for those of you who played it. If you liked Braid, you will probably like this game as well. Although I love this game, I love Braid more.Half the puzzle is figuring out the rules to the puzzle, which was so much fun to me. Once you've think you've learned rules, they start to get harder, and harder, and harder to make sure you really understand it. Then once you've learned all the rules to all the different types of puzzles. You can attempt to beat the end game puzzles, where they start to combine the different types of puzzles together.I like to think that this game was a test, and the puzzles outside of the end game area were just helping you study. That's EXACTLY how it felt to me. Well except that I loved this game and I hate studying in real life.The only bad thing I would have to say about this game is... The game is very full of itself. It has these very slow, annoying ""philosophical"" video clips and audio clips that seem very controversial. To me, they are very obnoxious (in a know-it-all who doesn't know-it-all kind of way). Like the game is trying to be a hipster sundance movie that thinks it's better than you if you don't agree with it. But the good news is, you don't have to watch or listen to them. You can just skip them and not play them. Which I highly recommend."
,Recommended,210970,26809201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,1coopdog2,"The epitome of game design. Not unlike learning a new language, this game, with no in-your-face tutorials will teach you its puzzle solving proccess in a way that is genious.The graphics are incredible.The puzzle diveristy is supprisingly high. And when that one thing ""clicks"" with you your perception of the entire game will change dramatically.Good like trying to understand this game, though. It IS a Jonathon Blow game, afterall..."
,Recommended,210970,26811882,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,J. Waxo,"This is almost definitely my favorite game of 2016, a game I couldn't stop thinking about from the moment I started it. At first it seems stupidly simple. ""Am I really just going to be doing weird Travelling Salesman puzzles for the rest of the game?"" And yes. You will. But there's something both soothing and addicting about the puzzles, and the weird puzzles in between them: the puzzles that get you more puzzles, the puzzles of exploring the island, the puzzles of the audio clips and the hidden story of the island and the hidden puzzles that you realize surround you. I didn't stop playing it once I started until I finished it, and then I started the Challenge and got so frustrated that I uninstalled the game--only to return the next day, renewed and invigorated.It doesn't hurt that it's really pretty."
,Recommended,210970,26814782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EternitysEmber,A beautiful and clever puzzle game.
,Recommended,210970,26754597,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SparkVision,"I almost didn't buy this game because friends told me that the game was not rewarding enough to players for the number of  puzzles that you need to solve. I find their sentiments incredibly amusing now that I have experienced the game. Its ideas are great and ""awesome"", perhaps much more so than this generation of gaming can handle. I really do hope to see another game like this in the future, with nearly all the puzzles complete, I am already beginning to miss this game."
76561198054783789,Recommended,210970,26817984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Loch,"Edward Grieg! Excellent puzzle game, a true immersive and addictive experience."
,Recommended,210970,26958285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FriggenChiggen,"Easily one of the best puzzle games I have ever played. Went through a phase where I completely beast moded the hell out of the game and it was so much fun. I still have to revisit it and try to ace all the puzzles, but it's gonna take a looooooong time. 10/10 would waste those hours of my life again."
,Recommended,210970,26959305,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HybridTheory,This game looks great and is a real brain burner. The exploration and sense of discovery is strong. I think maybe a little guidance here and there would help but  I think everyone can figure it out eventually.
,Recommended,210970,26923279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thogrom,"This game is a journey through a meticulous and wondrously crafted world. As stunning as the world is, the puzzles are simple yet confounding enough to be satisfying. All of this leads to an immense sense of accomplishment when you've discovered and beaten everything to a stupendously terrible ending. The journey in this game is what matters but I've never experienced a worst ending in anything in my life."
,Recommended,210970,26921181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DoubleNom,"I am not very good at solving puzzle, but I love the environment of the island.I launch the game, time to time, just to appreciate the scenery and, maybe, see a bird in trees."
,Recommended,210970,26932927,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sean,One of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Pretty much perfect. Makes you feel like the smartest person alive when you finish a puzzle.
,Recommended,210970,26810801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,trufas,Pretty game. Hard puzzles.
,Recommended,210970,26942097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stollrofl,"After many hours of playing this game, I have come to the realization that I am nowhere near intelligent enough to progress past a certain point without needing to resort to reading a walkthrough."
,Recommended,210970,26914230,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ruc0,"Spent 3 Hours woorking on one puzzle, Worth it."
76561197993583398,Recommended,210970,26885589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[AH] Humphrey Bogart,Wonderfully challenging
,Recommended,210970,26891741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jackscape,"The Witness is a single-player game in an open world with dozens of locations to explore and over 500 puzzles. This game respects you as an intelligent player and it treats your time as precious. There's no filler; each of those puzzles brings its own new idea into the mix. So, this is a game full of ideas.Nice meme, guys."
,Recommended,210970,26929108,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Inkwell,"The Witness might be my favorite game of the year. The game explores the simple conceit of drawing lines to solve puzzles, and turns it into something much more complex, interesting, and varied than you would think. The Witness almost plays like a Metroid style game, but instead of collecting power-ups and new abilities, you have to collect knowledge. Some locations may be blocked off by puzzles that seem confusing until you learn how to solve them in another location. There's also a lot to do here. There is simply a wealth of content. On top of all of this, the art direction is just beautiful. Don't expect an interesting story though. There may be hints of something bigger, but you won't really find why you're on this island, or its purpose."
,Recommended,210970,26921517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tanner,"One of the best games I ever played.  The supreme satisfaction you feel as you finish a hard-to-complete puzzle, or find a secret (there are many).10/10"
,Recommended,210970,26862709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prise,"Great puzzle game. If you get stuck in one area, you can go somewhere else, and revisit the place you got stuck later - with better knowledge of the world.Lots of easter eggs and secrets to collect.(Frustrating optional challenge near the end, gave up on that one)"
,Recommended,210970,26861670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tarscien,The world needs more games like this. Peaceful puzzle solving that includes every aspect of the world. That feeling when you come back to a puzzle and finally solve it... So worth it.
,Recommended,210970,26878073,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rudey,"If I had to erase one game from my memory, it would be this one.So I can explore the island once again."
76561198036150724,Recommended,210970,27026236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dyorukog,Amazingly immersive puzzle game.
,Recommended,210970,27026622,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Overflight,One of the most innovative and challenging puzzle games I ever played. Screenshots and notes a must.
,Recommended,210970,27063281,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ICDeadPpl,"Great puzzle game. Some of them are quite hard, but it's a great challenge!"
76561198049671805,Recommended,210970,26194632,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,sd,"The Witness is a good looking game with some very clever puzzles. I strongly recommend it for those who really like puzzles and who appreciate not being catered for like a small child. It means you are left on your own on the lone island, and nobody is going to explain you anything. What the game brings you in abundance is a sense of discovery of the places and of the rules governing the world.I had only one problem,the monastery section, I completely abandoned the small tree inside and didn't think it was important and necessary for opening the windows, because you can solve the first of the three walls by looking at the rocks arrangement closest to it. But probably I'd rather blame myself there.I'd also point out the narrative. It is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I listened to it at first but then just didn't bother, it is plain pretentious words soup.Of the videos, I have only seen the first and the last ones. And the last video, I don't know who that woman is, but I hope she had been taken care of. Sounded like some kind of religious indoctrination.In any case, this is a great puzzle game, and I totally recommend it as that."
76561197971244575,Recommended,210970,26290463,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,toolicious,Bravo. A breath of fresh air. I only wish more games were of this quality.
76561198004196139,Recommended,210970,27485797,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,coretti,!
,Recommended,210970,27397148,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dunchad,"Amazing. The Witness combines my love of puzzles, exploration and quotes in a great way. Only negative would be the lack of overall plot - or at least, one that is explicit."
,Recommended,210970,27525985,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SPAMBOT4000,This game is fab.
,Recommended,210970,26954449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,necuz,A puzzle game that's not about solving puzzles? What madness is this? This game has the makings of a cult classic and will (hopefully) influence the genre going forward.
76561197982743720,Recommended,210970,26954589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MustardDragon,Makes you feel smart! Good job game.
,Recommended,210970,26951944,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blitzkone,"Great game, some tough head scratchers.  The world was a joy to expore."
76561197970167260,Recommended,210970,26890910,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Karma,"An excellent brain twister. There is a real sense of learning, and when you solve puzzles you feel like a genius."
,Recommended,210970,26838767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ConorPo,"Easily the best puzzle game ever made. If anyone tells you otherwise, they arent smart enough to solve the puzzles."
76561198127489628,Recommended,210970,28518599,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Tweek,I have played so many puzzle games that spend a lot of time holding your hand and by doing so you lose that feeling of freedom as a player. The Witness completly avoids doing this by throwing you into the game and has you as a player learn the rules of the puzzles on your own and doesnt limit you to a singal linear path. The puzzles at times can be very difficult but I dont see that as a reason to give it a bad rating as I have seen some people do. Having difficulty in a game to an extent where it is still fair makes completing those puzzles more rewarding. To sum it up this game is a must have for any puzzle game fan who is looking for something fresh.
,Recommended,210970,28366480,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,strategist,"I never did finish this, rip"
,Recommended,210970,28389633,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"Platonic ideals of a mechanic are never revealed in this game, but the puzzles act as ""shadows"" which you can observe the mechanic' properties. It forces you try and guess what the idea is, and that makes it fun. that's why a guide ruins this game."
76561198034992551,Recommended,210970,28291613,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Volodnikov,Its a very nice game! Many secrets to discover and wonderful graphics design! Buy it <3
76561197989206171,Recommended,210970,28318584,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Devilsbabe,"Simply an amazing game! It's in my favorites along with the Portal series and Fez in the greatest puzzle games category. It's very open ended, there is zero hand holding and the challenges are very diverse and imaginative. The ONLY negative thing I would mention is that when I got to the end the game automatically reset before I could complete everything. I had to go into my save files and delete the last autosave to start over just before I finished the game for the first time and have the opportunity to do all the puzzles and hidden challenges."
76561198036409077,Recommended,210970,28553075,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,coolbuck,"Not a game for everyone, but if you love logic puzzles you won't be disappointed."
76561198020565093,Recommended,210970,28572361,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lion,"Get it while it's on sale, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,210970,30973120,Posted: 5 April,all,Fezys,Gorgeous. Mothafukinhard!
76561198043585925,Recommended,210970,28690454,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Doqtyr,"I expected more. I played Braid, and found it very enjoyable a game obviously given a lot of attention to detail. I love puzzle games, so when I have been looking forward to this one since I first read about it. I have so far put about four hours into The  Witness and I can say the puzzles are very interesting, the imagery is nice, and I will continue playing. However I have found so far two puzzles that have multiple solutions however only one will allow the player to continue. This becomes very frustrating when you have to learn the rules by trial and error. If you have a specific set of rules, than every solution that follows those rules must count. I would recommend it, however I would say because of this failure to account for all solutions , don't feel bad if you must use google to solve some."
76561198012706394,Recommended,210970,28690794,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,arcticdawn,"Brilliant.  Absolutely brilliant, but from a technical standpoint, and from a player standpoint.  I enjoy puzzles, and this challenged me.  Like, alot.  I won't lie - this is a hard game.  Buy it, enjoy the journey for the zen experience that it is, and be glad you did."
,Recommended,210970,28702608,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wrathzog,"This game is really good at making you feel really smart or really stupid.The vast majority of the puzzles are intuitive and are generally presented in an intuitive order such that there is a progression of sorts.  But not always and that's when the game gets frustrating.  It doesn't happen often, though.The game has more of an ""experience"" than a story of any sort.  The only concrete thing I can tell is that the island was built by a pair of muckity muck smart guys.  One of them has an accent?  Personally, I think we're on the island from Lost.I like the art style.  Everything's simple shapes and vibrant colors.  Very elegant.There is Not an achievement for 100% completion which I appreciate.  Because Screw That.The Secret Achievement is pretty rough and surprisingly luck-based, which I did not appreciate.Highly Recommended."
76561198009036015,Recommended,210970,28690557,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Markus,Excellent game as long as you never ever click any of the terrible audiologs.
,Recommended,210970,28679909,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blue Kirby,This is my favorite game of all time.
,Recommended,210970,29285823,Posted: 15 January,all,ziroonderel,"So. This is a perfectly brilliant puzzle game, the sort of which forces you to think laterally and is all around fun. It's also a GREAT game for ""couch coop"" - I had been playing The Witness on my own, my (utterly non-gamer, ""last game I tried was FreeCiv 15 years ago) husband came by and said ""oh, that's pretty! can I watch?"", and now an evening hour or two of couple's Witness is pretty much a fixture. It's awesome, and guessing the puzzles together, discussing the solutions and cuddling are just perfect compliments to a wonderful game.Also, The Witness is wickedly clever in the puzzle ""language"" it creates, and wicked smart in the ways it communicates the grammar of this language. Play it. Really, really, play it.(Is it too expensive? Well, I played over 20hs, and I'm nowhere near the end. Much better price than a movie :) )"
76561198004546589,Recommended,210970,29258066,Posted: 14 January,all,toel,Beautifull game. Intuitive and wonderfull puzzle.
,Recommended,210970,31013927,Posted: 8 April,all,En lagom Blatte,Definitely wort it at the 19€ price tag. bit of a hard sell at full price.
,Recommended,210970,29574643,Posted: 29 January,all,McFly,"A masterpiece. Jonathan Blow is a really creative and ingenious game designer. This game will fry your brain! It's a must have for puzzle lovers. I played this a while ago and almost finished it. Then I decided to buy it for myself and end the job. I've completed 100% all puzzles including ""The Challenge"" and man, it was challenging. I loved this game. BUY IT!"
76561198146179874,Recommended,210970,29573644,Posted: 29 January,all,MCdonaldBIGMac,"This is a really really good game. There's not a single word or hint in the game, you just have to think and play through it. I could spend up a whole day on playing this game! The game is also ratther beautiful, every time when you get to a new spot, you might just want to stay, relax and enjoy the view. Any fine detail of objects hidden around places also make the game more interesting. The developer have truely made the most effort on making this game!"
,Recommended,210970,29573031,Posted: 29 January,all,Matthewtrains,The witness provided me almost 10 hours of gameplay the graphics were fantastic and the puzzels got hard an harder as you went on and i betten the game following some vids overall i highly recommend this game expecialy if you have an hd monitor
,Recommended,210970,29282743,Posted: 15 January,all,Dycerius,"I don't have time for this game! A puzzle game where you get puzzled over what the hell you are suppose to do. Delicate and intricate design. I am sure it is a fun game for those who want to run around from puzzle to puzzle, and figure out what the hell each puzzle mechanic is about. I for one do not. Not my kind of game. But...I would still recommend it."
,Recommended,210970,29308015,Posted: 16 January,all,Zelotus,"The Witness is a relaxing and beautiful puzzle game. There's no main menu, no direction, you just spawn on an island with over 500 puzzles to solve.Score: 7.5/10Pros:+There is no main menu, no tutorial, you spawn on an island and you get straight into the meat of the game.+The puzzles were all challenging and re-enforcing the elements you have learned throughout your journey.+The island is beautifully crafted and only gets more interesting the more you explore and unlock more areas.+Most of the puzzles seem fair, if you get one wrong it's because you failed to understand a concept along the way.+The puzzles are innovative and when you finally solve a hard one, you get an overwhelming feel of satisfaction.Cons:-You'll be spending most of your time looking at the puzzles instead of the beautiful world around you.-Some areas will be really hard for others, There's an area that uses colors and one for sound. So if you're hearing impaired or color blind, those areas will make no sense to you.-Some of the optional puzzles in the game take a long time. There is a puzzle that forces you to wait 14 minutes to complete. Another as long as an hour.-You'll often find an area that uses mechanics from another. So if an area doesn't make sense at first, players tend to get frustrated that they can't solve something that looks simple.Conclusion: The Witness is an amazing puzzle game. Even if you do get stuck, or have difficulty in some of the areas you can still have a good time. If you do purchase this game I recommend staying near the areas at the start of the game to avoid the complex puzzles. Once you grasp the simple rules you can feel free to explore wherever you desire."
,Recommended,210970,29297495,Posted: 16 January,all,Yaniyogi,This game is like Dark Souls but for your brain.
76561198037517236,Recommended,210970,29300265,Posted: 16 January,all,The Minted Lady,"My Biggest Pro - The game world is beautiful. If you're the type of person who enjoys exploration without conflict, this is definitely a game to try. From the clear blue sky to the crisp water, you'll feel like you're walking around a living painting. A very nice world design overall.My Biggest Con - It's the same puzzle over and over again: Drag a line from Point A to Point B. Of course there's variations to it: Make sure the line covers specific colored dots, make sure it isolates certain dots, make sure it follows a specific pattern... But it all feels very samey, like buying a puzzle book at a supermarket.The Witness is an interesting game, but not one I would recommend at full price. I've played it a few times and each time I've reached a point where I wonder if I have anything better to do. Don't get me wrong, I love puzzles, but the lack of variety in puzzle types is this game's biggest flaw. It's supposed to be telling a story, but it's so slow-paced I'm not even sure what the story is supposed to be. I know I'm a lone person investigating an island of ruins, but so far I haven't been rewarded with even a piece of the former civilization's story.It's... Okay. Not terrible, not great, but just okay. We really need a button for that, because while I don't completely recommend the game, I'm also not saying you should stay away from it."
,Recommended,210970,29284646,Posted: 15 January,all,Luckytime!,"The thing that struck me most about The Witness was the design. This is one of the best designed games I've ever played, everything plays a role in the experience. The island is like a condensed world of exploration, packed with all sorts of goodies.The best way to explain this game is it's like The Stanley Parable, you just have to play it in order to understand why it's good. Besides that, good puzzle games are hard to come by, and this is a great one. I wouldn't say it's worth 40 dollars, but I wouldn't say it's not either, it's really going to depend on each person and how much value they feel like they got from it.10/10"
,Recommended,210970,29407927,Posted: 21 January,all,wrenches,nice gaem
76561198004536101,Recommended,210970,29384439,Posted: 20 January,all,LumberJake,It did become a bit boring after awhile but the completionist in me told me to keep going. Nice visuals and brilliant puzzles.
76561198040954453,Recommended,210970,29508911,Posted: 26 January,all,Womblue,"Amazing in literally every way. My favourite puzzle game ever. I give it infinity/10Just a side note, graphics are stunningly beautiful and vivid. Probably one of the most attractive of 2015's games."
,Recommended,210970,29507824,Posted: 26 January,all,Forevermuffins,"It Is a very pretty game, and the puzzle logic is quite interesting, but I had to return it because OTHER than the fantastic look and puzzle logic, there was nothing else to see or drive me, which I could live with, but the silence, the lack of music and suprisingly a lack of concurent ambient noise, just was not helping me get drawn in at all. I had no drive to solve the puzzles and the lack of""feel"" to lack a better word without music or ambience made it feel stiff and hollow.It is very very pretty though, and puzzles(that I found) are well done. If you can handle lack of music and desire a challenge or want some pretty visuals this is for you."
,Recommended,210970,29366168,Posted: 19 January,all,Usain's Tortoise,yuh
,Recommended,210970,29341224,Posted: 18 January,all,I don't know what to call myself,Puzzle solvers meet your greatest challenge... everything you look at is a puzzle and there are puzzles within puzzles within puzzles. Puzzle-ception. This game is not for the easily frustrated person. This game requires a level of thinking you will have never thought about before.10/10
76561197993106847,Recommended,210970,29347921,Posted: 18 January,all,Dodechotomy,"An enormous collection of ingenious puzzles strewn around a picturesque environment, peppered with philosophy and layered with secrets."
76561198245602810,Recommended,210970,33055266,Posted: 30 June,all,amby,"Actually challenging puzzles, both 2d and environmental. Good length, and good reward. Real pretty"
,Recommended,210970,33018987,Posted: 29 June,all,dewolow,Great puzzle adventure game that will leave you thinking after you have played it.
76561198025005105,Recommended,210970,33032386,Posted: 30 June,all,Doug,Good puzzles
,Recommended,210970,33086417,Posted: 1 July,all,GetGoing,This is my first puzzle game and I was suprised how they use the environment and sounds and not only the visuals. Definitely worth to check out if its on sale.
76561198136272607,Recommended,210970,33085747,Posted: 1 July,all,mcgavla79,"Addictive, causes brain-ache, but chilled out puzzler you can play at your own pace, and is great to look at.I love it, but I have no idea what it's about.The Donnie Darko of games."
76561198012339283,Recommended,210970,33267536,Posted: 5 July,all,Lumarico,Such an awesome Puzzel game that can really make you think hard and feel good about it too. Plus visuals are top notch and the game runs so smoothly even at a 21:9 high fps
,Recommended,210970,33273549,Posted: 5 July,all,Red Fox,"Amazing game! Althought the narrative may be lacking, this game is by no means affected by it. The quality of the puzzles, the environment and the constant feeling of being in your own little world definitely puts this game in my top puzzlers."
,Recommended,210970,33325737,Posted: 6 July,all,BRNTZN,Great puzzles. Beautifully created game.
,Recommended,210970,25620148,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,theKLAW,"One of the best puzzle games out there. If you don't believe me, watch some gameplay. The graphics are beautiful, the puzzles are well designed, and the atmosphere is very calm and ambient.My only criticism is that I can become nauseous sometimes while playing this game. That being said, it's probably because I am looking too closely at my screen or something, so I doubt it's the game's fault.9/10. Buy it and try it. You'll love it."
,Recommended,210970,33323923,Posted: 6 July,all,Butter Toffee,"I cannot even begin to explain how much love this game brings. Is by far one of the best puzzle games I have ever played, the number of details shown A LOT of work.Patience is the key word, patience and determination, the complexity of the puzzles is exponential, and you will probably see things you never seen before in any other game. Take your time, play it enjoying every little thing and do not let the frustration beat you, because you learn something from every puzzle, and if you just look for the answer… you won’t enjoy it as much as you could.The whole experience is great, you will hate and then love Thekla team almost 90% of the time. It is the closest to perfection I met, and I am not exaggerating. Every little thing you see in the game has a meaning, so PAY ATTENTION.I am not responsible for the despair that will bring you finishing this game, because is too ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful."
76561198042185013,Recommended,210970,33369766,Posted: 8 July,all,MandM [PT],"Really cool game, different from everything I ever played. It can be a bit frustrating when you can't solve a puzzle, but the trick is keep going and explore the island. Really recommend this game if you like solving challenges"
,Recommended,210970,33376807,Posted: 8 July,all,Smitty,Good.
,Recommended,210970,33394278,Posted: 8 July,all,cleothemuse,"42: the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, The Universe, and Everything, and also the number of in-game hours I spent working my way through this game's puzzles. It does not include the numerous additional hours I spent attempting to solve particularly difficult puzzles in my head while cooking supper, washing dishes, or trying to wind down for bed.Each puzzle is solved the same way: start on a circle, end at a curved terminator. However, different rules will be applied to different kinds of puzzles based on the shapes and colors present: squares mean one thing, ""tetris"" shapes another, and so on. Even the environment around the puzzle is frequently fair game. There's no rule book or tutorial, either: you'll have to test out each puzzle and figure out what the rules are for that one on your own, and many puzzles combine rules.Stuck on a puzzle? Step back, look around. Try a different angle. Walk away from it. Go exploring, take a boat ride, climb the mountain and take in the views. There may be another puzzle elsewhere that gives you insight into the rules of the one you can't solve.If you love a challenging game that requires you to really, REALLY think about everything you do before you try to do it, this is the game for you. Use of a cell phone camera, (grid) paper, and coloring pencils highly recommended.If you are colorblind or hearing impaired (including inability to distinguish pitch), this is NOT the game for you: you will be unable to solve certain puzzles on your own."
,Recommended,210970,33377428,Posted: 8 July,all,Neraz,maybe the best puzzle game out there
76561198289504155,Recommended,210970,33406047,Posted: 9 July,all,steve,"Now, we reallly liked this game, but be warned: you can ""complete"" the game without having solved (or, in our case, having been aware of) all the puzzles. That was a bit disappointing, since it would appear there's no way to go back and try them again without a complete restart, and ""re-solving"" the puzzles we did solve wasn't appealing.That said, it's a long, rewarding experience for people who like puzzles games. No ninja skills required, though you do have to interact with some puzzles in a limited (but hardly too short) time-frame."
76561197996329507,Not Recommended,210970,33431168,Posted: 10 July,all,IronCross42,"I really wanted to like this game, and did at first.  But, half-way through, I started to loathe the line puzzles.  There are hundreds of them throughout the game, and the rules are such that I ended up having to research them multiple times online.Puzzle games have been a part of my life since the Zork text days.  I love them.  And, The Witness has so much unrealized potential.  The island is beautiful and has a nice Disneyworld feel to it.  I loved discovering the new areas.  The only problem is, reaching those areas requires a plethora of those same line puzzles.In the final analysis, I stopped caring and just looked up the answers during the final third of the game.  I simply did not want to spend any more of my gaming time on something that was not exciting.  It's unfortunate, because that's not how I played games like Myst, Portal, and Talos Principle.  I wanted to solve those games without cheating, because they offered such rich rewards.  Not so with The Witness."
76561198052662436,Recommended,210970,29209226,Posted: 12 January,all,Mikhail,Amazing game. Incredibly well-designed and beautifully implemented.
76561198136208870,Recommended,210970,33434676,Posted: 10 July,all,Netlacrima,"37 hours, never got tired (completed the game twice, but never got to solve all the pazzles and get the second achivement). Got so frustrated by ""sound"" pazzles though aaaaaaaaaaahhhhghghg.Actually liked the non-existence of any obvious tips: while facing every new type of pazzle, i had to remind myself that it's stupid to set up strict rules in the head and attach to them every second, still awfully often did it and that's the most beautiful pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and head which the Witness brings﻿"
,Not Recommended,210970,33467234,Posted: 11 July,all,Richard,"Pretty game, but it gets tedious pretty quickly. One of things absent is any sense of accomplishment when you complete puzzles. The next puzzle activates with a little sound cue, thats all. After getting through two areas of the game, I choose to request a refund because of how bored I was.This game might appeal to others, but I would strongly recommend picking it up on sale; it's certainly not worth $40"
76561197967231233,Recommended,210970,33473315,Posted: 12 July,all,krackkomik,Perfect Game
76561198207368448,Recommended,210970,28857112,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DGCGamer,"I bought the game while it was discounted for about 20 dollars. I feel like paying 40 bucks for this game is way too much. While it is a beautiful game, there isn't THAT much content to warrant the high price tag. However, I do enjoy the game and would say it's worth the price I paid for it."
,Recommended,210970,29123889,Posted: 8 January,all,Gippy,"You're alone on an island solving line puzzles....and it's the best, most rewarding experience I've had in a video game in years, possibly decades."
,Recommended,210970,29135947,Posted: 8 January,all,Dr Chair,"This review will contain spoilers, see conclusion after the break at the end for spolier free rating and conclusion.Disclaimer regarding my time spent playing: some of these puzzles were so boring or needlessly difficult that I developed an unhealthy attatchement to the IGN guide and did not continue for much longer after beating both endings. If you do not believe that I finished this game just because I did not clock in over 40 hours, check my achievements.I feel like I absolutely need to write a review for this or else I will go insane from the amount of irrational love and hate this game gets. First, an obligatory pros/cons list:Pros:- Oh my sweet Lord the graphics- Interesting mechanics for panel puzzles- The environmental puzzles (at first)- The keep (except the leaf crunching part)Cons:- The description is full of lies- Panel puzzles become monotonous- Sound puzzles- Panel puzzles only become truly unique and potentially awesome in the last area of the game- Environmental puzzles become tedious and stupid- Difficulty curve and style is garbage- Narrative is garbage- Themes are garbage- Sound puzzles again, it's time to stopNow I'm going to clarify a few things. Firstly, why am I calling the panel mechanics interesting but the panels uninteresting at the same time? Here's the thing: no matter how many mechanics you add, they're just line puzzles. They're just line puzzles, and it becomes extremely old. They're. Just. Line. Puzzles. This is better placed on a 2D mobile game priced at $5, not a 3D console/PC game priced at $40. This is partially redeemed by graphics and environmental puzzles, but still, THEY'RE JUST LINE PUZZLES.(Note that this is transcended in two areas: the keep and the mountain. Which is great, we get some real variety with life size hedge mazes and bridges and wrap around pillars. The question is why is one of these mechanics not seen until the last section and the other not required to be used until the last five minutes?)Next, what's wrong with environmental puzzles? They increase variety and aren't seen in any other games, what is this ""at first"" crap? Let me tell you a secret: they are line puzzles. Without mechanics. The most interesting thing in the game is another line puzzle but without all the cool colors and shapes. These puzzles are extremely interesting in that they are perspective based, something not seen enough in games, but they don't have enough variety to keep it from feeling like a chore. I went through a lot before just googling ""the witness do obelisks do anything"", followed by another search reading ""wikihow tie a noose"". Needless to say, I am not 100% complete.Next, how does the Steam page lie? Well, it advertizes over 500 puzzles ""without filler"". What. The puzzle count includes all the tutorial panels and all the single line control panels, which are most certainly filler. It also advertizes that it ""treats your time as precious"". Those tram, elevator, boat, and running speeds beg to disagree. I can't help but feel they're just screwing with us.Next, OH MY GOD THE DIFFICULTY IS PART OF THE GAME YOU'RE JUST DUMB AND DON'T GET IT No stop. I get that this is a Metroidvania style puzzler, and that's okay. What isn't okay is stuff like the tetriminos at the entrance of quarry that looks like a tutorial panel but uses information from the marsh. You have to make it obvious when the player isn't in a purposefully accessible place. Even worse are some of the tutorials, like the jungle. Sound puzzles do not belong in your predominantly visual game, especially when they have fake difficulty or outright don't work as intended.And finally, the narrative and themes are absolute trash. The story is basically a person beta testing a VR game about line puzzles. The narrative, however, has different ideas. You're never given this information until a poorly made live action clip after the secret ending, where it's all just dumped on you. Until then, it was hinting some sort of apocalypse or mind cleansing island thing with all the statues, monitors, and general mountain creepiness. This is shot when it ends the first time and you get some random Buddhism without answering who the witness is supposed to be, which you were thinking was like big brother or something. This is shot further when you find the ending with the environmental puzzle that frees you from the simulation, and no answers are given. I'm fine with abstract story telling, but those audio logs are not enough to make up for the confusion of the direct story. The themes are worse, with everything being extremely inconsistent and undecided. Many audio logs outright conflict, and the videos have no holistically coherent or consident information. It's just a mess.At this point you're probably thinking: why are you recommending it even with all these glaring and frustrating problems? The puzzles. I know I'm being contradictory, but my philosophy is that if it is an enjoyable game with relative value in its genre, it is at least leaning towards good. This game barely squeezes in. If you aren't worried about price, if you are the kind of person to enjoy something as repetitive as sudoku, if you don't care about storytelling, if you only want a game that fills the category ""puzzles with literally no explanation, you're on your own"" and thrives in it, then this is the game for you. There is no flaw that absolutely destroys all appeal for mindless, repetitive 2D line puzzles, and that barely keeps it in the green for me. God, I hate and love this game so much. I heard that this game, Portal, and Talos are part of a 3D first person puzzle holy trinity, and I was left wanting my $20 back.6/10, if you know what you're getting into, if you enjoy repetitive tasks like sudoku, if you have low expectations, and if it's on sale, this game will give you plenty of enjoyment. If these four conditions are not met, you will be dissapointed. If you are interested enough to see the story but not enough to pay the price on sale ($20), watch a let's play and pause to do pen and paper with a guide explaining all the symbols."
76561197993305900,Recommended,210970,29140884,Posted: 9 January,all,chrispy06,This is an excellent game with challenging puzzles.  It's also visually quite stunning and a nice change of pace from other games.  I find it sucks me in.
,Recommended,210970,29159425,Posted: 10 January,all,TheList,"Such a great puzzle/adventure game! Beautiful and challenging. A strong contender to best puzzle game ever, in my opinion even beating Portal 2."
,Recommended,210970,29154374,Posted: 9 January,all,Blukerbeh,"The witness is unforgiving in ways that a video game should be, and makes me wish other puzzle games were styled like this. It doesn't hold your hand, and forces you to think in ways that will make you think your third eye is opening. I'd be lying if I didn't tell you I got frustrated now and then, but I'd also be lying if I told you that I think this is a keystone puzzle game that's good for this genre."
,Recommended,210970,29132298,Posted: 8 January,all,Jinotega,Do you like feeling smart? Do you like feeling stupid at the same time? This is the game for you. Tons of puzzles that will leave your head scratching but the gorgeous scenery makes up for it.
,Recommended,210970,29133525,Posted: 8 January,all,Halfelf,"I had been avoiding this game, as some of the plays I saw made it seem like a pretty basic, if almost boring (albeit pretty) puzzle game. Bought it on the steam sale. It's... way, way more than I expected. There's a huge amount of stuff in this game. Yes, it's a puzzle game, and it does remind me of Myst in some parts, but there are levels and levels to this game that continue to surprise me. I highly recommend it."
76561197965202073,Recommended,210970,29109085,Posted: 7 January,all,NomisQC,Simply the best puzzle game ever IMO ! Just give it a try if you are into the genre !
76561198075505635,Recommended,210970,29105756,Posted: 7 January,all,jaredpeters,Great game but would recommend waiting for a sale to buy it.
76561198062529252,Recommended,210970,29099019,Posted: 7 January,all,Whisper,Go buy
76561198113195226,Recommended,210970,29101443,Posted: 7 January,all,Many dog,"Great if you like line puzzles, but if you hate line puzzles then this is boring."
76561197972587455,Recommended,210970,31059007,Posted: 10 April,all,F0nz1e,"The witness is beautiful and expansive.  There are many puzzle types that you learn and the difficulty goes from ""so easy a baby could do it by accident"" to ""my brain hurts... a lot.""  If you love beautiful scenery, tons of easter eggs, and of course puzzles, this is the game for you.  I love it!"
,Recommended,210970,30039658,Posted: 19 February,all,Teledhil,Awesome!
,Recommended,210970,30027659,Posted: 18 February,all,Banzo,"Outside ofFEZ, I can't think of any puzzle games that have such a cataclysmic division of opinion quite on the scale of the reception ofThe Witness.Let's start with what can more or less be widely agreed upon about the game. Graphically, it is gorgeous. I have never been so taken up with a game's visuals as I have been withThe Witness. The surreal atmosphere of the vastly distinct landscapes intertwining across such a small space is enchanting. You can't help but appreciate the care and labor of love that went into the design of the island. Equally praised is the game's well-designed approach to non-verbal communication, gradually integrating your thought process with the rules of the island without ever holding your hand.But beyond this point, views onThe Witnessdiverge wildly. Is it a game of boring, tedious, and repetitive line puzzles that, in their attempts to mystify and intrigue, ultimately end up being as pretentious as the perceived public persona of its creator? Maybe. There's probably a 50% chance you will come away from this game disappointed and with that sentiment.However, this is not how I feel about this game. But I am biased. I was in love with this game from the moment I heard about its development. Ever since playingBraid, I've followed Blow's ideas on game development and sought out any interviews and talks that he's given. It's probably because I'm a pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and I accept that. I had already listened to Brian Moriarty's ""The Secret of Psalm 46"" from a link on Blow's very plain looking homepage multiple times (which, spoilers, makes an appearance in the game). So I was predisposed to viewing Blow's supposed pretentiousness as brilliance.I am a literature nerd. I Like rereading Dostoevsky and all those long books you hated being forced to read in college. I wanted to play a game that made me feel that same way I felt reading Italo Calvino'sInvisible Cities. I got my first taste withBraid, but I wanting something more expansive. I loved the integration of spoken prose and the island inDear Esther, but wanted something that had a bit more substance, less linearity, and had integrated gameplay into the mix.The Witnessaccomplished that for me. This is the first game that made me feel the same way I do reading a great novel, but different - in this organic and shifting space that you can interact with and is non-linear, giving a slightly different experience to every reader with the chapters out of order and mixing into each other. You are unbound by the structure of pages that flip, and instead are following a path that blossoms and unfolds its way from beginning to end. You criss-cross the island as mental light bulbs flicker on and off prompting you to revisit that puzzle that you had given up on in frustration the night before, or pensively consider that feature of the landscape that seems subtely reflective of the audio log tucked between the rocks nearby, striking you in a way that did not occur on your first visit.If you do not like puzzles, you will probably not like this game. Even if you are intrigued by its design philosophy. This game, at its core, is hundreds of line puzzles intermixed with artful images and audio logs primary consisting of quotes from people like Einstein and Nicholas of Cusa pondering topics like the existence of God,  the purpose of scientific inquiry, and the nature of koans in Zen Buddhism. You are on a pilgrimage to collect the pieces - the puzzling rules, eureka moments of arriving at solutions, enigmatic quotes, visions of landscapes reflected on the coast, and piece together the meaning, or lack thereof, in the dialogue of all these elements. If that sounds boring to you, you probably won't find your time in the Witness all that enjoyable. But on the contrary - if that excites you, there is no game out there as worthwhile to pick up.""Of all the communities available to us, there is not one I would want to devote myself to except for the society of the true searchers, which has very few living members at any one time. "" -Albert Einstein"
76561198047749315,Recommended,210970,30043048,Posted: 19 February,all,Mellowhi,"The Witness is a beautifully crafted puzzle game. Simply put, that is what it is, and if you play this game hoping for something other than that, you may find yourself disappointed. There is little to no story, no suspenseful plot, no explanation behind why people everywhere are statues... just you and the island full of puzzles.That is not to say the game is disappointing at all! If solving puzzles is your jam, if you enjoy immersing yourself in a world to uncover its secrets, if those moments of ""A-ha!"" epiphany excite you, then this game is absolutely for you. The world is constructed with absolutely no instructions or tutorials anywhere. You intuit and explore your surroundings to learn what you need. Eventually, you will piece together the pieces of knowledge necessary to progress, and the carefully constructed moments of epiphany are truly wonderful. Over and over again, you will find the lens through which you see the world of The Witness change radically, and that brings with it even more discoveries. For me, that is what this game was about: experiencing the process of learning and epiphany, and witnessing the transformation of how I saw the island.While completely ""100%ing"" the game requires some work I find incredibly tedious, or simply cannot solve on my own, ""completing"" the game itself was completely reasonable and I solved it without internet help in less than 20 hours. If you are easily frustrated by puzzles or if you are expecting more mystery, story, or plot, you will not find it here. If you love puzzles for the sake of puzzles, and the experience of learning and picking things apart for yourself, then this game is for you. It is hands down one of the best puzzle games I have ever played, packing so many different ideas and layers into a singular puzzle mechanic. As cheesy as it may sound, witnessing The Witness is truly an experience worth paying for. (I got it on sale though!)"
,Recommended,210970,30087413,Posted: 21 February,all,Nordnorsken,"Puzzles are amazing and clever, although sometimes too clever for me, and the whole setting of the world is amazing!10/10 - would puzzle again"
,Recommended,210970,30085589,Posted: 21 February,all,archdeco,"Man you can philosophize all you want but the end still felt hollow. I thought for sure there'd be something if you turned all the pillars white. Not even a cheev! I'm too PCGamer for this kind of contemplative koi pond game design.Pretty island though. Fewer scumbag ""wait in one place for five hours"" solutions plz."
76561198174794157,Recommended,210970,30083339,Posted: 21 February,all,傻逼李潇,Awesome game. Treasure is just right there.
,Recommended,210970,33203112,Posted: 3 July,all,Mercury,"After beating this game 100%, which requires completing all 523 puzzles,all 135 environmental puzzles, and obtaining all 49 audiologs, I watched a review of this by Joseph Anderson on YouTube (spoils literally everything, do not watch until you complete the game). I can agree with him strongly when he says it's a great game and that he thinks you should play it and also thinks you shouldn't play it. Just normally beating the game took me 15 hours, and doing all the rest of the things tooks another 15 hours. As I am somebody who loves achievement hunting, I'm severely disappointed that there wasn't at LEAST an achievement for 100&ing the game. Only one for beating the game andfor completing the challenge puzzle area.  But the game is brilliant and yet extremely frustrating, especially with the56 minute eclipse puzzle. What the actual heck, Jonathan Blow?The puzzles are quite difficult too, so be warned."
76561198132392522,Recommended,210970,31134729,Posted: 14 April,all,k.j.jones233,"Crazy beautiful game to exlpore. If you like puzzle games this is definitely one for you. I loved it even when I was getting fustrated at how hard it was getting, you have to always think outside of the box simetimes quite literally outside the box."
,Recommended,210970,31128604,Posted: 13 April,all,Jack,"Cool graphics. Fun puzzles. Completeable without a walkthrough. Only yelled at the game once, cursed the designer multiple times. Overall the game is fair. Everything you need to complete it is right in front of you."
,Recommended,210970,25759064,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,fowlmusic,"Finished the game with my son unassisted, but realizing their had to more to it, used a few cheats along the way to actually experience the true ending of the game.  I have to say, this work has moments of absolute awe.  I won't actually describe any of it, because you should walk into this game devoid of spoilers beyond the fact that there are in fact two seperate endings.  I just want to say that this game is an absolute work of art.  Beautiful beyond description, full of completely mind altering ways of viewing the world contained within it.  If you want to experience something worthy of your time, and AWE... this game is absolutely awe-full."
,Recommended,210970,30196535,Posted: 26 February,all,Mildan,"Stunning, baffling, wonderful puzzle game. The game continues to bring you new challenges to overcome, and it will keep on bringing them. If you're a fan of puzzle games it is a must buy and even if you aren't this one is still worth trying."
76561198020369845,Recommended,210970,31196699,Posted: 17 April,all,James Cartwright,"""One must imagine Sisyphus happy.""-Albert Camus"
,Recommended,210970,30135479,Posted: 23 February,all,DurzoBlint,"So, this is the first ever review I have written for any game on Steam. There is a reason for that. Here is that reason:For a game to be equal parts captivating, challenging, intuitive and refreshing, a developer needs to put in a serious shift. Such was the case with The Witness. Isolated on an island filled with maze-like puzzles, the player is left to their own devices, with nobody there to assist or talk to them, no form of out-and-out tutorial, and a whole lot to explore.The way The Witness teaches you about the basic rules the game is built upon (solve puzzles by tracing a line across a grid, starting at a circle and ending in a semi-circle ""exit""), and then goes on to introduce a plethora of extra elements one has to familiarize themselves with to progress through each distinct area of the island is beautifully innovative. Instead of giving you an explanation of what to do, it simply...lets you do it. This paves the way to one of the game's central themes: the joy of epiphany and discovery. There are no direct clues. The player relies on their own intuition, capacity to challenge their own knowledge and view of what they have previously learned, ability to read their environment (I will get back to this in a second), all to slowly work out what each new symbol or environment represents, and how it fits in with the ones encountered in other areas.Areas. There are about a dozen very distinct landscapes gracing the island. From desert ruins, orchards, and swamps to a quarry, a windmill, and a cliffside bunker, The Witness has loads of exciting, visually stimulating areas to explore, in virtually any order, each with a unique twist to the common maze-grid concept serving as obstacles on the way to that area's laser. The lasers, once activated, aim towards the islands central mountain, paving the way to the endgame once 7 out of the 11 lasers are activated. Activating all 11 allows access to an optional ""post-game"" challenge, which I have yet to beat (because it is hard, don't judge).Riddling all of those areas are puzzles hidden throughout the environment that mimick the familiar concept of circle-to-semicircle-lines. With a keen eye, and a habit of stopping every now and then to become aware of one's surroundings, the player will soon become able to spot these seemingly everywhere, from small lines in the sand, to the entire exterior hull of a sunken ship. These environmental puzzles are by far my personal highlight in an already astonishing game, that often left me breathless, and always left me scratching my head, staring at a seemingly unsolveable puzzle only to jolt up, trace a line across a grid, and exclaim my excitement aloud, much to the annoyance of my roommate.10/10. This game is a legitimate work of art. Masterpieces do not come along all that often, so do yourself a favor and grab this as soon as your wallet permits it."
,Recommended,210970,30214303,Posted: 26 February,all,(CAT 3) TheCommissioner,"So I have no idea how anyone plays this game alone, but my friend and I play it together both solving the puzzles, having fun, and taking in the view it's really great if you play it that way.  If you play alone, I'd imagine you'll need to take a pencil, there's a lot of drawing out of the puzzles necessary."
,Recommended,210970,30134380,Posted: 23 February,all,Ryxc,"Probably the most frustrating, yet self satisfying puzzle game I've ever played. Solving the challenges in this game takes some thought and attention to detail and may not come to you right away, but when it does, it is very fullfilling."
76561198116659822,Recommended,210970,30252127,Posted: 28 February,all,Fowler,"puzzles, puzzles, puzzles. i got headaches"
,Recommended,210970,30229022,Posted: 27 February,all,SevereCircle,This is how puzzle games should be done.  The design is first class and the puzzles are mind blowing.  By far the best game I have had the pleasure of playing for a few years!  After 20 minutes you think you have seen it all and then pops another mechanic.  This continues for the entire game.  The story gets a bit waffy but we filled two notebooks just working through the puzzles.  Highly recopmmended!
,Recommended,210970,30230946,Posted: 27 February,all,BenB,"There is something different about this game.It is not always an enjoyable game. In fact, after my first three hours, I thought our relation would end there. And yet I came back and trust me I am glade I did. I have seldom seen if ever so many great ideas introduces so well in a game. The concepts are so well introduced it is a joy to explore. It is hard but yet devoid of tension. Let's not forget very beautiful and with a great atmosphere.Definitely an experience to try."
76561197990623262,Recommended,210970,30307273,Posted: 3 March,all,Cpt. Swag,"Great puzzle game with some real head-scratchers, but wonderful payoffs."
76561197968252528,Recommended,210970,30366262,Posted: 6 March,all,hugesavings,"This game is dope af and actually has me excited to play something after years of buying into steam sales and never touching a game. I really can't scientifically explain why, but this comes to mind - the game is extremely beautiful, and delivers very logical puzzles, which entertains both cinematic and functional appeal."
,Recommended,210970,31202639,Posted: 17 April,all,CleaveThis,"A great puzzle game that you learn how to play by actually playing. No pop-up tutorial messages, no character talking to you over an ear-piece; Just you and your ability to learn a concept and apply that concept in a way that makes sense to you. If you like hunting secrets, you're going to love exploring the island. The game doesn't always acknowledge when you find these secrets, and that's ok. Sometimes you have to sit back and marvel at what a game can present, and realize that only in an interactive medium can you experience these sort of things."
,Recommended,210970,31211303,Posted: 17 April,all,Kingsa,"One of the best puzzle games I've every played. Also, to get a game in 2017 that does not hold your hand and treat you like a child is refreshing.NOTE: You won't be able to finish this game, or will have to resort to taking screenshot and altering the colors if you have any sort of color blindness."
,Recommended,210970,31215504,Posted: 18 April,all,SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT,Far and away the best puzzle game
,Recommended,210970,31227385,Posted: 18 April,all,kangarat murder society,They're really good line puzzles.
,Recommended,210970,29182015,Posted: 11 January,all,Werecake,"I've played many puzzle games, and these are some of the most well crafted puzzles I have seen. If you're into puzzles, I would definitely recommend based solely on the puzzling.Then you also get to wander around a stunning, detailed world. I love all the minute designs, and the game really encourages you to explore and look for new perspectives.However, not a game for the impatient. Get ready to be lost, stumped, etc."
76561198043495262,Recommended,210970,29188131,Posted: 11 January,all,Red Pyro,"The best review I've seen is "" A great game that you shouldn't play"". The game is great but some elements of the game holds it back. Buy it when it's on sale"
,Recommended,210970,29192093,Posted: 11 January,all,bosmeeuw,"Gorgeous scenery and genious puzzles, constantly reinventing itself and very often suprising.Great!"
76561197994525376,Recommended,210970,29198728,Posted: 11 January,all,Ratya,"Some of the finest puzzling I've ever played. The new puzzle elements are introduced, and later interwoven, with impressive elegance. There are some quite challenging puzzles in here, but it always feels fair. The island you are on is visually stunning and always interesting to look at, considering that there are plenty of secrets hanging about. My only caveat is that while The Witness makes lots of noises hinting at some deeper meaning or backstory to the setting, there really isn't anything profound here. There's no moral or story to speak of, which is fine for a puzzle game, but since the game is richly detailed with setting, it's disappointing that there's no coherent narrative, just profound-seeming, ultimately pretentious one liners and bits of filler. Nowhere near enough of an issue to really dampen the wonderful puzzle solving, but a bummer nonetheless."
,Recommended,210970,27704360,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,skori,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,210970,29188670,Posted: 11 January,all,chip5,"goddamn, what a masterpiece of non-verbal communication and pedagogy. feels like a very personal conversation with the designer through game mechanics and audio/visual design. maybe it's only because i've worked on computer graphics, but i find the graphic effects really unique and pretty. also, the game loads scary fast after the first time. it gets you in-game faster than most games get through the logos before the start menu."
,Recommended,210970,29177691,Posted: 10 January,all,Ikarrus,"I liked it.A very well designed visual puzzle game built around the simple concept of lines on a grid and then turns it around in many, many creative ways. Loads of content and a large open island that really begged to be explored, with puzzles that constantly and intuitively kept making me look at things from a different angle, visually and mentally."
76561198049318436,Recommended,210970,29228896,Posted: 13 January,all,cracker54,If they ever added VR support to this game i could see a uptick in broken headsets.
,Recommended,210970,27763251,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lyric Zulu,Very immersive puzzle game
,Recommended,210970,27820218,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Onken,"Great mind-bending puzzles with excellent art style.  If you're looking for a peaceful but fiendishly difficult way to pass a few hours, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,210970,27772289,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,amplecti tenebris,"I dont care if it's millions of dollars, custom pronouns, or child slaves. Give the developers what ever they want!"
76561198105097628,Recommended,210970,27829524,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hope.Peko,"You wake up, finding some panels, draw your answers on the panel, proceed to the next panel... Until somehow you opened the door and walk into a huge world...The game is not only about ""solve the puzzles"", but also ""figure out the puzzles"". What's this puzzle all about? Why this doesn't work? Where am I right now? Where should I go next?Well I'm a bit tired now, let me just take a rest and enjoy the scenery on the boat..."
,Recommended,210970,27865685,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alphaetus_Prime,"10/10 best puzzle game I've ever played. Does what it sets out to do, and does it nigh on perfectly. Absolutely not for everyone."
,Recommended,210970,27851996,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Don't mess with me I'm Pagan,Very Good Game.
,Recommended,210970,27705292,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AnteSpy,I cannot solve anything 10/10
,Recommended,210970,27716657,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Juzz Wuzz,"The game really challenges you to think outside the box! With no hints or UI it takes a while of fumbling around but eventually you start to solve things and piece it all together. The game is beautiful and the music is soothing. Highly recommend to people, also try find all the hidden puzzles, its worth it!"
76561197984833377,Recommended,210970,28006579,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,integer,"It's impossible to say what's great about The Witness without spoiling it.  Suffice it to say the puzzles are mind-blowing, and if you play long enough you'll see the game is philosophical without being pretentious."
,Recommended,210970,28009154,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Arkyris,Love this game so far. While the puzzle mechanics are quite simple the puzzles themselves are quite tricky
,Recommended,210970,28001853,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,davierik,A game that is so much more than seem apparent at first glance.
,Recommended,210970,27998328,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Catiline,"Every once in a while, a game comes along which redefines what video games can achieve; which changes the way people think about games and interactivity; or which challenge our notions of genre.The Witness appears to be aiming for those lofty goals, but falls tragically short.Launching players straight into the ""action"" (in as much as that word applies to a pure puzzle game) with neither tutorial nor menu, the Witness demonstrates both the best and worst about interactively teaching players game mechanics. There is no game with a more satisfying ""Aha!"" moment when you (as a player) finally grasp what is being conveyed by a puzzle mechanic. Sadly, a large part of that is because there is no clearly conveyed difficulty curve of which puzzles to try in which order -- you will find yourself facing a puzzle for which you are not yet equipped to solve multiple times.The Witness masquerades as a straightforward puzzle game, which would build, one layer at a time, a dazzling array of challenges.  Like many great puzzle games before it, it then exhaustively explores this field until you may feel that every nook have been explored... and then you are perplexed by an unexpected, new possibility. Yet if you scratch this surface, you will find hidden layers within the game (but which sadly resolve themselves, with careful study and reasoning, to be the same elements as the surface presentation).Everything in The Witness is present because of, and in support of, the puzzle elements of the game. Without any decision made somewhere in the game, at least one puzzle would not be solvable.All of the above should make it the next Portal, or Tetris-- with the power to reshape the way gamers play and are challenged for years. But ultimately it feels like some critical element was missed-- with the tragic result that the game, while beautiful and engaging, has no lasting vitality.The Witness is undoubtedly in the top 10 pure puzzle games released this year, but maybe only because there are so few contenders in that category. If you want a challenging (and frankly mind-blowing) puzzle experience which develops at your pace and you can overlook the lack of narrative, even rudimentary explanations, or a clear guide for progressing, play The Witness."
,Recommended,210970,30973814,Posted: 5 April,all,heyitsrene,"Great atmosphere, aesthetic, and concept. It's a nice game to just chill out and play, and I know I'll play it again."
,Recommended,210970,28293405,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,C1,Masterpiece. Nothing short of a masterpiece.The Challenge was brutaly rng-based though. You have to be lucky af to beat it. But finally did it after countless tries.
76561198037781468,Recommended,210970,28458798,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,gulyman,"+ Graphics+ Environment design+ Puzzle design- Running speed sometimes felt slow- Camera gave me a headache if I moved to fastThis is the best game I've played in months, possibly even this year. The puzzles are excellent and there are so many moments of ""ah-hah"" that make it so worthwhile. I wish I could forget it and play it again."
76561198047046792,Recommended,210970,26596129,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,oops2ez,"I've never been so engrossed in any video game as I was with The Witness. The island is well-designed, and extremely serene; exploring this mysterious island in the peace and quiet is as much a part of the experience as solving the puzzles. The puzzles themselves were seemingly endless at times, and they became very challenging in short order. What really makes this game special is that first you must learn the rules of each type of puzzle (types are separated geographically within the island) as if learning the language spoken in that region. Upon learning the language (underlying laws to follow), you will find yourself surging through a series of ""gimmes"" that are plainly obvious because you cracked the hidden law. However, merely learning the language only gets you through the first chunk of puzzles in that region, and then the author switches gears to begin challenging your ability to tackle more abstract thought processes.I regrettably asked a friend for a hint when I found myself stumped on one of the mazes for almost an hour, and upon completing it, I immediately realized that the sense of satisfaction was missing compared to all my previous solves. I would recommend anyone who plays this game to ABSOLUTELY, at all costs, avoid looking for solves online or asking friends. The fun and reward in this game lies ENTIRELY in YOU solving them. Cheating will only suck the satisfaction out of the game for you, I promise. That being said, you will be challenged. You will be stumped. You will have to leave a region with unsolved puzzles and go elsewhere and hope to pick up some momentum there. But in doing so, you will familiarize yourself with the entire island relatively quickly, and you will find that solving a puzzle in one region will help you realize something you had overlooked that you can now apply to a puzzle that stumped you in a previous region.In addition to region-specific languages, there is one language of puzzles that is spread out in obscure areas throughout the map - the triangle puzzles. You will solve them as you find them periodically, because they are so small you can just try a few routes until you get it. But you won't truly understand the language. ONLY when you have covered the entire map and are ready to move into the final levels where you need to fully understand this language, you will have to run around checking all the obscure locations where you had found these triangle puzzles, and figure out the language by evaluating what possible law could make all the solves you had found out of a few permutations hold true on a global scale. Utterly ingenious.This was without a doubt the most rewarding and satisfying game I've ever finished. The sense of accomplishment I got when finishing the final stage (speed round with classical music) was like no other video game experience in my life. Completing this game was ultimately bittersweet because I was deeply saddened when I ran out of puzzles. I literally started the game over and spent a few hours beating it a second time. That's how bad I missed it and longed for more puzzles. It has been several months now, and I find myself nearing the point of starting over yet again. I know it will never be like the first time, but the serenity of the island itself is like therapy for the soul, and I'm sure it will bring back some great memories and a lot of challenges from forgotten solves.There were so many layers to The Witness it really feels disrespectful to call it a game. In addition to the great scenery and creative puzzles, there were even tape recorders hidden in various nooks throughout the island that, when stumbled upon, allowed you to listen to selected readings from scientific literature while you continue exploring the island. They provided absolutely no value toward solving the puzzles or beating the game, but they were thought-provoking and really enhanced the experience.I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for an intellectually stimulating game who has the patience and determination to see it through to the end without cheating. It took me roughly 50 hours of play time, for what that's worth, so be prepared to invest time in this game. Much of the time you spend will be just wandering the island, learning the map, enjoying the scenery, and soaking in the unique experience. But many, many hours will be spent trying to find solutions to puzzles that have an amazing way of building off the previous puzzle while challenging you to explore new angles of thought. Playing this game was almost a religious experience because it felt like the author was present, as if the Creator was holding my hand from start to finish, taking me on a mind-opening journey. And when I had graduated, we said our goodbyes, and I left with a deep appreciation for his creation and attention."
,Recommended,210970,31678512,Posted: 10 May,all,I'm,"It is fun to look around and solve deffrient puzzels (even tho they look the same, they are totally diffrient), i love the look of the game and i love roaming around tring to see what the story is. Also it is hard not to look for circels with lines out of them in real life."
76561198003862244,Recommended,210970,31699240,Posted: 12 May,all,mazzoo,Best puzzle game yet!
76561198042344608,Recommended,210970,31706758,Posted: 12 May,all,FluffyBunni,"It was a good game, but I was expecting the story to come together in the end. It didn't.Still, totally recommending it! It would had been a lot better if there was a grand story that came together in the end and clicked into place with everything, though!"
76561198078358648,Recommended,210970,31754747,Posted: 14 May,all,john.obrien93,"Fantastic puzzle game, beautiful island to explore"
76561198132006880,Recommended,210970,31757496,Posted: 14 May,all,aeric42,"""It is a good game."""
76561198108757096,Recommended,210970,31724538,Posted: 13 May,all,Calamity,Excellent game 10/10. Makes you look at things differently and question what you are looking at. It really f*cks with your mind and make you see circles and line everywhere outside of the game.
76561198040977325,Recommended,210970,31783560,Posted: 16 May,all,rowen | holy,"The game was GREAT - but J. Blow still can't tell a story (even a pretentious one!) to save his life. That doesn't matter, though. This is a PHENOMINAL puzzle game with a beautiful world."
,Recommended,210970,31869397,Posted: 20 May,all,Bastulos,"The Witness is a beautiful game full of vivid and surreal scenery. It's very artistically done...I've taken way too many screenshots while playing. With that said, the game can be very challenging at times. The whole game revolves around learning each different puzzle archetype and then combining them in interesting ways, often times with new twists to make you approach a puzzle from an entirely different perspective. It really makes you think about each puzzle as you progress through each area."
,Recommended,210970,31967569,Posted: 26 May,all,bigs,"So pretty, and well done. A masterpiece."
,Recommended,210970,32482228,Posted: 16 June,all,Calculated. | eSports,"Extremely good puzzle game, with a surprisingly huge amount of depth for a simple mechanic. Gets very challenging, but only a handful are unfair. Would have been nice to have an actual story instead of a bunch of pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but doesn't really matter."
,Recommended,210970,32530322,Posted: 18 June,all,-L-,"Pros:- Perhaps the most difficult/challenging puzzle game I've ever played since Braid (and I own over 1K games)- Truly tests your IQ in the capacity of recognizing patterns and applying theoretical concepts (or laws) and exceptions (learned through vigorous trials and errors) you've learned in-game later on.- Truly thought out and takes a while to grasp, progress, and appreciateCons:- No storyline makes for long boring stretches of unrewarding cycles- Getting stuck is extremely boring as there's nothing to hint at a solution except previous (or future) puzzlesNotes (to Jonathan Blow and developers paying attention to these reviews): I'd really like to see Blow's math genius put to work on an unlimited budget triple A title, like Watchdogs, Assassin's Creed, etc. Great games but pathetic puzzles!  Braid was a complex algebraic equation in Art form and truly a marvel of Blow's genius; however, I'd like to see Blow work on something like the Arkham series or develop a version of Sherlock Holmes from the ground up."
,Recommended,210970,32509063,Posted: 17 June,all,Sonic Nova,Hell is hard work with no reward.Welcome to Hell.
,Recommended,210970,32511997,Posted: 17 June,all,GraVity,"This is an amazing game, I highly recommend it if you're looking for a nice, challenging puzzle game to unwind while playing! Though I do recommend you get it on sale, I personally don't think this should be $40"
,Recommended,210970,32494136,Posted: 16 June,all,Terr,"The Witness is clearly a labor of love: Streamlined and polished. It must have taken a lot of careful meta-programming to generate its grid-puzzles, which gradually become harder as the game introduces you to more symbols and arrangements.I expect most users will either love it or hate it. You'll love it if you like:1. Logical puzzles with logical answers2. Pretty scenery3. A ""zen"" experienceYou'll have problems if you were looking for:1. Gameplay other than puzzles2. Characters or story3. Something that gives you an achievement without patience"
76561198015794975,Recommended,210970,32496916,Posted: 17 June,all,Mutagen,"This game is a masterclass in game design! If you love puzzle games, stop reading or watching reviews and go buy it now. And don't use any walkthroughs."
76561198069806050,Recommended,210970,32597691,Posted: 20 June,all,RonAbsolut,I love this game
,Recommended,210970,32107128,Posted: 1 June,all,Earnest 'Earn' Marks,Great game in the beginning. Gets ridiculously hard by the end. Some of the puzzles rules can be very confusing. Also you need headphones for this game.
76561198118816237,Recommended,210970,32133928,Posted: 2 June,all,chrismile,Probably the best puzzle game I've played in the last years.Not many other games in this genre offer a similarly breathtaking artstyle.
,Recommended,210970,32089109,Posted: 31 May,all,DoctorAkke,"Rally good, chellenging enough and relaxing game.  Highly recommended if you like puzzle games."
76561198001043528,Recommended,210970,32417874,Posted: 14 June,all,zacbittner,It's hard to review this game. It manages to recapture the wonder I felt when exploring Myst for the first time.
,Recommended,210970,30233588,Posted: 27 February,all,MetalPeaches,"A darn beautiful game!  The deepest and most rewarding ""Ah-ha"" moments of any puzzle game I've played.  The challenges always feel fresh and solvable, yet there is zero hand-holding or tutorial"
,Recommended,210970,31075405,Posted: 11 April,all,JE_Dmng,"After playing through the two endings... I feel really mixed about this game.Also, the reviews themselves are mixed too. Some really like it, some hate it. The only way to see if you would like a game with mixed reviews is to just play it yourself.Anyways, here's my thoughts:Pros:I love some of the puzzles, and how clever they were. They made me say ""woah!"".The visuals are beautiful.Cons:Super slow. Animations are slower than what they should be, and you walk very slowly. Pressing LShift doesn't help either.Some areas had way too many puzzle panels (e.g. the treehouse and swamp)Story did not give any answers to the audience's questions. I don't think there was a story being told at all. We will never know why this game is called ""The Witness"" or why ""you wake up, alone, on a strange island full of puzzles that will challenge and surprise you."" Maybe I'm not just getting it.Watch the review by Joseph Anderson! He made points similar to mine.Overall, for me, The Witness may be fun for those who like puzzles. However, completing the game may leave you feeling ""unsatisfied,"" per se. I'm giving it a soft pass, since reviews don't have a ""mixed"" option."
76561197994588928,Recommended,210970,26122051,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,TOG | ProfessorAnthrax,"Ok, so I've had a bit more time with The Witness now and it is a genuinely enjoyable game with great puzzles, many of which require an extra level of lateral thinking to solve. The walking speed and lack of autorun feature is still woeful, but most puzzles are bunched together so you only have to travel short distances.I have changed my rating to recommended, but I would still suggesst waiting for a sale as the asking price is just too steep.Original Review:I have only just started playing The Witness and I'm pretty shocked there are no options to rebind keys. There aren't many buttons required for the game anyway, but the walk speed is PAINFULLY slow and you have to hold down the shift key to run (which takes a moment to get up to speed as well). There is no autorun toggle either.This game has been out for a while now and there are plenty of discussion threads online requesting this feature but I doubt it will ever be implemented.I will continue to play and probably enjoy the game for what it is, but it is unacceptable to not include basic control options. Also pretty overpriced for an indie puzzle game."
,Recommended,210970,29133763,Posted: 8 January,all,Airwalker,The game is so good that I'd Blow Jonathan (and I'm a straight guy).10/10 would like to erase my own memory and play it again from scratch to re-live the experience.
76561198041369031,Recommended,210970,31149210,Posted: 14 April,all,Goomba,"This game... is one of those games that you can only really ever play once. I reccomend it highly, but only if you enjoy logic, puzzles and philosphy. A+++"
,Recommended,210970,31377143,Posted: 26 April,all,I prefer cucumbers.,"It's one of those games where you may get stumped for a while, quit the game, then dream of the solution to the puzzle.It's strangely relaxing to play whilst giving you a brain aneurysm at the same time.It runs alright on medium quality on a low-spec laptop, though fps drops drastically near water sometimes.I'd recommend playing it when you are bored out of your mind."
76561198041045808,Recommended,210970,31488909,Posted: 1 May,all,Hecatommyriagon,"If you hate having your hand held through every aspect of a game and love puzzles - this is the game for you. The Witness is packed with logical puzzles and apart from a small section, there is no time limit or rush. Your surroundings are beautifully designed and the eeriness of it all is creepy at times. After finishing this game – all I want is more."
76561198041909785,Recommended,210970,31491500,Posted: 1 May,all,BOBASA,Not really into puzzle games but this game blew me away. The artistic style of the game is very colorful and fun to look at. The game does become very challenging but the puzzles will give you a great sense of accomplishment.
76561197990565778,Recommended,210970,31542904,Posted: 4 May,all,0ldf4rt,"If you liked portal(1&2) and talos principle, you will not be disappointed with the witness. I have played 40h so far, and I know I will be sad when this will end some day."
,Recommended,210970,31544416,Posted: 4 May,all,baconandgames,"I could not possibly love this game more. If you enjoy being challenged, you cannot miss this game."
76561198047066936,Recommended,210970,31571640,Posted: 5 May,all,Neb,"This game was totally worth the hype.  If you're a fan of old-school puzzle adventure games (like Myst) then this is for you!  Only issue: make sure your system is high-end enough to run it properly, as my laptop ONLY. JUST. BARELY. manages to run it, and even, the performance is not 100%....I still gave it a good try though!"
,Recommended,210970,32909039,Posted: 27 June,all,Light Travel,"I will never look at anything the same, ever again. They don't tell you when you're born, but if you ever decide to go outside there are actually puzzles everywhere.♥♥♥♥ those spinning puzzles though, they actually made me sick."
76561198050787659,Recommended,210970,30231402,Posted: 27 February,all,ZeroKelvin,"Brilliant, puzzling, haunting, and thought-inspiring.Also, engrossing enough that my drunk friend was able to sneak up behind me and bite me on the neck while I was playing it.Dangerously distracting / 10.(I'm not even kidding about this. LOCK YOUR DOORS.)Edit: she would like me to update the review from ""drunk"" to ""mildly buzzed."" I'm not sure whether to be more or less worried."
,Recommended,210970,33205999,Posted: 3 July,all,Distasion,"Yoooooooooo, you ever played an app called flow... yea this is that but on sooooo many ♥♥♥♥ing steroids"
,Recommended,210970,32971892,Posted: 28 June,all,OmegaEx,"Beautifulandatmospheric, the puzzles are a great challenge but comprised of only a few simple rule setsmasterfullyblended together after taught at their base level.The way the puzzle elements are integrated into the environment ispure geniusthat also keeps the gameplay fresh.Overall - 9.5/10Recommend this game to people looking for a challenge!"
76561198005301074,Recommended,210970,32917590,Posted: 28 June,all,Lord Hamlet,"The witness, where to start.I do not like puzzle games, my friend bought me this and told me I would like it. The few puzzle games I enjoyed were silent hill, resident evil 1-3, braid, myst, 7th guest, and the 11th hour. Portal was funny though I liked the talking robot Glados more than I liked doing the puzzles. I am not entirely biased against the game type, I just have odd tastes I think.I have mixed feelings about it, 20 hours later.I enjoyed certain types of puzzles (the non-line symbol ones), the hidden items, the subtle symbolism, the cool ways you get to solve certain puzzles, and the absolutely beautiful island you get to explore.I did not enjoy the main type of puzzle, I found them tedious and reminicent of the object manipulation parts of a very long IQ test. Around the end, I pulled out a guide and used them because I was so sick of doing puzzles.If you enjoy those type of puzzles, the line and object manipulation tracing puzzles, this game will be an absolute treat for you which is why I am giving it a recommendation, however, I got it as a gift and streamed it while my friend watched, so I suppose my intentions were different. With over 500 puzzles to complete, and I didn't even finish all of them, plus easter eggs everywhere, this game would be great, if you like puzzles.Which I do not."
,Recommended,210970,33609435,Posted: 17 July,all,the_only_dl,Brilliant game for anyone who enjoys puzzles and a general air of mystery. Beautifully intriguing game
,Recommended,210970,33757968,Posted: 23 July,all,RVN | God,Pretentious as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,210970,33984595,Posted: 2 August,all,WakaWaka3000,"I think the witness is a good puzzle game exclusively. Unlike other games in this genre, it diches aspects of exploration and narrative to put as much emphasis as possible on puzzles, and I think it pays off here.In the witness, the game teaches you how to solve certain types of puzzles with these special symbols in set areas with each area focusing on a different type of special rule. The game does a good job of explaining these rules to you while working you up to more complex puzzles. However, it IS an open world game, and the benefit of that is that if you are stuck on something, you can go to a different area, and try your luck there.The benefit of that is that you should never feel like you have any one puzzle that is stopping progression since you can always go somewhere else, and when you come back, you may find that you saw something you didn't see before, which led you to the solution.One criticism that I see from outsiders or people who never got far with the game is that it's all line puzzles. I can assure you, that is NOT a problem. No matter where you are, it's never as simple as solving these line puzzles to unlock the path/next area. EVERY puzzle area uses the environment and often the player's position and perspective of it. Many aspects such reflections, lighting, shadows, sounds, color, and positioning are all frequently used throughout the games puzzles, and it's not as simple as just drawing a line on a screen from point A to point B with the environment as just some background.Speaking of the environment, you may notice some...interesting things as you traverse the world. Once you see more of these, you will see the game in a whole new light, which I think speaks to the creativity of the developer in many cases.If you like to solve hard puzzles, then you will like the witness!"
76561198073084948,Recommended,210970,33614930,Posted: 17 July,all,Diobacco,A terrible game you should play
76561198030816910,Recommended,210970,34075669,Posted: 6 August,all,Leemo,"having read some of the negative reviews i feel disappointed. i  believe that blow is trying to convey an idea or ideas on transmiting, spreading knowledge, as is exactly what he's doing in this game all the time---he directly talks to players during the entire gameplay. the seemingly boring puzzles are just a vessel, a tool to materalize blow's idea of conveying knowledge. by the way i found them quite appealing not boring.anyway as a result, the game is not relaxing, since you are having a conversation with the designer via puzzles and stufflikethat.Blow的游戏永远是小众，不过他好像主要也就出了2个游戏..."
76561198022209629,Recommended,210970,34235566,Posted: 14 August,all,The Guy,"The Wittness is one of those rare games, which respect your intelligence... well, give you have some of that.Let me assure you: every single puzzle in this game is logical and can be solved with the information provided by the game. All those reviews here, that say you have to look up answers or guess blindley to proceed, are wrong. Those people lacked the intelligence to make the connection.Let me say it again: every single puzzle in this game is perfectly logical. You can solve them all by paying attention, asking yourself the right questions and making connections.This right there is the very beauty of The Wittness. You don't just execute; you think.If that's not for you: please move on."
,Recommended,210970,34235897,Posted: 14 August,all,Astra,"Challenging, peacefull, sadisfactionLike other players already mentioned: The Witness is no casual puzzle game.You awake alone on an beautifull island with no clue what to do or where to go. You start wandering through the landscape and abandoned towns, while stumbling upon some 2-D puzzles. For solving those you won't get any new skill or item. The only thing you'll achieve by solving those is a immense feeling of sadisfaction. Not only did you manage to understand the mechanic of one of the many puzzle-types, but you were also capable of solving them. Some puzzles are, at first, realy frustrating, but sometimes it helps alot to focus on other things/puzzles first bevore facing certain challenges. Do yourself a favor and don't look up the solutions or mechanics, it takes the whole experience away.Besides the difficult puzzles, the game offers a very colourful landscape. It is, at least for me, very relaxing just to walk around the island with no clear goal in mind. You may even find puzzles, eastereggs or secrets you've missed earlier in the game.So, for me the game is alot about perspecitve. It challenges you to look at problems in different angles (figuratively and literally). The Witness is one of the greatest games I played in years and I appreciate the developer put into this. Even the feeling of joy is still present and I haven't played the game in like 6 months (or so).Summary:+ beautifull scenery+ relaxing atmosphere+ a good bunch of ""secrets""+ difficult puzzles+/- the ending (kind of anticlimactic. I get the meaning, but still...)+/- no real story- the price (37€ is a lot of cash. I love this game, but I would recommend to wait for a sale)Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,210970,26967832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ɹʞɔnɟ ɥʇuǝʌǝs pǝʌןoʌuǝ ǝɥʇ,"The WitnessFirst, it's really good, lots of exploring, and a deep plot more than you expect from this game.Although you don't get actual instructions, all I can say for newer players; experiment with things! Find out what is there and what it means to you. There's different types of puzzles, and yet a ♥♥♥♥♥on of secrets depended within yourperspective.This game really pushes your thinking.I want to finish this really quick; it's worth buying on your spare time for more than 10+ hours.If you consult the guide, you're just killing the game for your own cause."
,Recommended,210970,28216554,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Morsk,"Very many good puzzles. It's not just an ""art game"". Yes, Jon Blow likes to make art that talks about art, but he still filled the game with tons of puzzles that areactually good. You'll get a lot more puzzles here than you do in typical ""indie puzzle game"", and you'll get them with visual style, and good production.DON'T buy it expecing something Myst-like. Myst may have inspired the artists, but that doesn't mean the result is anything like Myst. Don't expect a story. Some people ""interpret"" a story or allegory based on the contents of the island, but they're doing most of the work themselves. There is no story here unless you make it up yourself."
,Recommended,210970,34267746,Posted: 15 August,all,Propaganda Hour,"Absolutely outstanding gem of a game. I marathoned it the day (weekend?) it came out and ended up completing the story in about 20 hours.  Be warned, end up with tetris syndrome for a few days or weeks after playing this game."
,Recommended,210970,29603145,Posted: 31 January,all,LordBasset,"This game is a gem.To some, at least.The game is built around mystery. You spawn, and right away you start solving puzzles. The puzzles are everywhere.The way they're solved varies from simple geometry to changing your perspective. They can then of course be frustrating at times when you don't get the clue.To solve the puzzles you need to make only one assumption: There is some sh.t going on.This gets to a point you start seeing the same type of puzzles and clues in real life.In hindsight, I would've been someone who thought the €38 is worth it, but seeing the different reviews I guess that doesn't count for everyone. If you are in doubt, get it for reduced price."
76561198000963324,Recommended,210970,28847442,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,stephen.emo,Played for over an hour today and its just the game I want for after Christmas. On the step machine I need a game that I can take my time and motivate me to exercise. So while my body exercises on the stepper I can exercise my mind using the XBox controller. A walking game that suits using a stepper. Works fine on my Samsung i3 laptop
76561198112040804,Recommended,210970,34568354,Posted: 28 August,all,Aardvark,If you like a serious puzzle challange then you may like this game.The few clues that you do get are convaluted at best.There are ways to permanently trap yourself so save often.Good Luck.
76561198300714786,Not Recommended,210970,34299502,Posted: 16 August,all,user_agent,"Do you play games to have fun or enjoy your time? If you answered 'yes', then skip this game. The Witness is NOT a fun game (unlike Portal). The puzzles are arbritrary, there are several rules to each of the different puzzles you have to discover yourself, which requires a lot of trial and error, and research.I cannot recommend this game to ANYONE because it is simply not fun. But if you want to feel aggreviated, challenged, then feel free to pick this up."
76561197970566731,Recommended,210970,34353316,Posted: 19 August,all,Azyke,"I must say I really enjoyed this game at first. I actually enjoyed it till about 90% of the way through it. It had a lot of unique and intuitive puzzles. Towards the end however it did get very tedious. I played the puzzles myself until the 3rd sub-level inside the mountain. Occasionally I did have to go on line to get a few hints along the way but almost all were solvable without any help and you'd get a lot of satisfaction from solving them. Towards the end though it just felt like work. Yeah, I can probably figure this next puzzle out but it's gonna take me a while. Is this really worth the time investment? At this point I finally said no it's not and googled the solutions. Even then taking all the time just to input them in I thought. This is a chore too. I'm just going to look up the ending (something I almost never do).Now playing through this game you get the sense that there is some deep underlying story. All the different statues frozen in time pointed to some sort of series of strange events just waiting to be unraveled. Some great mystery of what happened here. In reality what is revealed? Nothing. Nothing at all. There is no story. Just puzzles..... But hey if you like puzzles pick it up. I did enjoy most of them. Just don't expect it to be exciting at the end. Don't expect any reward for solving them all. Play the puzzles till they aren't fun anymore."
76561198311773232,Recommended,210970,34326231,Posted: 18 August,all,Nois3,"beautiful visual, epic game,i recommended this game, butif you stupid , you can't play this game,because this game can burning your brain !"
76561198097025712,Not Recommended,210970,34320038,Posted: 17 August,all,SS_Thanksforit,"It's a pretty game, it's creative but I don't think it's worth the $40 price tag. I'd buy it on a sale"
76561198148422688,Recommended,210970,34392056,Posted: 21 August,all,historicalpoultry,"Let me start off by saying that I love first person puzzles. Got into the genre with the Portal series, which are in my opinion still stellar if you want some action and a great story. But if you can appreciate beauty, sort of a zen feeling a brilliant(ly) hidden story, the witness tops everything I've ever played so far. The puzzles don't get boring and keep you interested. I want to escape reality and find a peaceful place, go to the island from the witness. The witness deserves way more attention than it's getting. Might be one of my favourite, if not the favourite game."
,Recommended,210970,34399659,Posted: 21 August,all,Deadpool,"I can't reccomend this game enough!It's a masterclass in how to make a game not only challenging, but beautiful and absorbing.Some parts of this game had me so stumped that my wife and i would spend the rest of the day thinking about ways to solve them even whilst not playing the game.I have finished the main game and it took me (and my wife) well over 50 hours.The best puzzle game i have ever played and probably in my top 10 best games ever!Enjoy the genius that is The Witness.Stu."
,Recommended,210970,34346957,Posted: 19 August,all,Flection,"I walked arround, saw a puzzle. Didnt know what the F was going on. I figured it out... Got confused.This game is awesome and really rewarding.Developers I hate you."
76561198399234481,Recommended,210970,34360482,Posted: 19 August,all,Hitch Higgins,"Amazing, don't struggle with any puzzle, don't get it the first time, move on."
,Recommended,210970,34386546,Posted: 20 August,all,Kodiak-Rush,A truly beautiful game that turns a very simple idea into something memorable. It's a little slow and frustrating in parts but it’s all worth it for the experience and the satisfaction at the end.
76561198115716026,Recommended,210970,34815573,Posted: 8 September,all,Gojusan,"This game is AMAZING. I'm 33 hours and 520 puzzles in and it's *still* blowing my mind. Best puzzle game I've ever played, hands down. (And the commentary on reality, thought, atheism, religion, and in a few cases what the heck the island is are pretty cool as well, though fairly obtuse to get one's head around most of the time)."
76561198025704567,Recommended,210970,34783235,Posted: 6 September,all,Falceole,A gorgeous brain teaser. The difficulty varies  from obvious to very challenging and the lack of music and instruction creates a trully unique atmosphere.
76561198174418286,Recommended,210970,34958288,Posted: 14 September,all,wjwdehao,"First of all, I love this game. I actually love this kind of games. Among all puzzle game that I have been played, this is arguably top 1 in my list, while the other game which can compete with this one is the Braid which come out of the same author as this game.This game for me is totally about your feeling(well, sometimes you are a little frastrated by the puzzles).Just name one, I like how I intentionally go to somewhere hard to reach and seems totally meaningless but finally the game rewards me and ""tells"" me that ""we like you and we encourage you to do this and you are not alone"". Basically, this happened all the time while I am playing.For those TL;DR, I rate the 10/10.Below is some personal opnions on the game and I feel like even no one want to read, I still need to write down since, I know, the author needs this and here it is.The experience of this game is hard to say, and I would say it is like my personal diary, which knows my subtle thoughts.IRL, everyone has their own, secret, infinite thoughts, but those thoughts are too subtle and beyond expression and probably no one even understands your thoughts. However, this game values it. The Witness captures your secret throughts, such as you wonder why the apple on the tree has to be on that branch and the game knows your very thought and gives you answer, such as you wonder what if everything is symmetric and the game shows you how it will be, such as you wonder that something is totally a philosophy other than a common knowledge and the game capture it, emphasis it and makes you feel ""WOW, the author has the same thoughts as I have!""."
76561198067323912,Not Recommended,210970,35167226,Posted: 23 September,all,Umbra Punk,"I love puzzle games, so I thought I'd love this game, but oh man was I wrong. There are just.... so many. So, so, soooo many. Some of them are cool, I really liked the orchard puzzles in particular, and the environmental ones were really cool to discover. But others just feel really filler-y, which is even worse when you remember that the description specifically says there are no filler puzzles. I also had huge problems with the visuals, not that they were bad, but running them on the lowest quality, with a computer that was supposedly up to snuff, I had terrible lag and my computer sounded like it was trying to achieve liftoff. Honestly, I'm really glad I got this on sale, I definitely wouldn't have wanted to play full price on this."
,Recommended,210970,35191047,Posted: 24 September,all,TheSillyBoy,i liked about half of it
,Recommended,210970,35132929,Posted: 22 September,all,netgyrl,"I want to play this game.  The puzzles seem fun, but the walk between puzzles makes me motion sick almost immediately.  I have read it is because the FOV.  Using the FOV slider to the max setting helps a little but still feel sick after about 10 mins.  Oh well."
,Recommended,210970,35189891,Posted: 24 September,all,Beastwick,"One of my favorite gaming experiences of all time. The puzzles themselves make you feel as though are in dialogue with Johnathon Blow himself. He is always asking leading questions, turning things around on you, ready with a new question just when you think you have an answer. A beautiful piece of work and one which could not have been accomplished via any other medium."
,Recommended,210970,35243897,Posted: 27 September,all,Hornwitser,"A superb puzzle game that combines exploring and and solving increasingly complex puzzles on your own.  I particularly liked that as you progress in the game you discover and figure out the rules for the individual elements that appear on puzzles.  There is also very little hand holding, it's you and an island full of puzzles to solve.  I often found that I had to skip puzzles that were using elements I didn't fully grasp yet untill I had completed other segments that ""teached"" them so to speak."
76561197967475510,Recommended,210970,34949608,Posted: 14 September,all,SMS Kapn,"This is not only a beautiful game, but a challenging game as well.  It appears as a mere puzzle game at first... and then you start questioning why you are in the world and what exactly is happening.  Flavor text is littered across the land and perspective is key.  Even after you ""finish"" the game it keeps you coming back wanting to explore the ends of the world.  Relaxing, challenging, and intriguing.  Pick it up!"
,Recommended,210970,35029878,Posted: 17 September,all,Malnor,Do you like puzzles? This game is probably the best puzzle game on Steam. Took me 17 hours to get through to the endgame and I feel like have just discovered half of the puzzles. Great game!
76561198135949222,Recommended,210970,35141135,Posted: 22 September,all,OmniBloke,"One of, if not THE best looking aesthetic in a game! The puzzles are mind bending, gradually getting more difficult without holding your hand. The game is as deep as you want to take it; either run around and finish the puzzles or find all the hinden goodies throughout the island. 10/10"
76561198021383222,Recommended,210970,28166722,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,blackserpent666,This is Heaven's version of Nokia's snake.A Fantastically beautiful walking simulator (No Jumping allowed) in which you solve variants of Snake.
,Recommended,210970,35368163,Posted: 1 October,all,ChiefLink or Chill,"I've barely scratched the surface and the headaches are mounting heavily.  I love it.  Challenging, yet rewarding, nicely designed, and overall satisfying."
76561198025358299,Recommended,210970,35386976,Posted: 1 October,all,Louis257,"Very challenging game, fun, however getting suck on some puzzles as they can take some time to solve or figure out"
76561198038933789,Recommended,210970,35395926,Posted: 1 October,all,kate,"Serene, frustrating, puzzling, challenging and annoying.The world and game itself is beautiful and very relaxing; it's a nice place to simply wander around - and in fact that's worth doing, just to pick up more clues. It's puzzling in a good way; there's statues and puzzles and buildings and hints, and I love the time and thought that has gone into creating this.I love puzzle games and I'd much rather play something that isn't out to get you, so this was pretty much the perfect game for me in that sense; I'd been following it's development for about a year before release! I like that the puzzles are all different, and the variety of the reactions that you get - the different areas are nicely themed, and it's fun to go from one to the other, and then see them slowly combine.However. I stopped playing this because of the obtuseness of some puzzles; I got stuck on several areas, and it wasn't necessarily that I couldn't solve the puzzle - it was either that the puzzle didn't follow the previous rules, or I'd not encountered the 'training'  steps of the puzzle (and in one case, I don't think there were any), or I felt that there was a bug in the game that meant I couldn't continue in the way it was apparently designed to (the moving ladder in the boathouse being my particular downfall). In addition, while most of the puzzles are either easy to follow and then build up, or I was able to work them out logically, some simply defeated my way of thinking. While the Witness site is very useful for answers, in many cases I didn't want the answer - I just wanted a hint!At this stage, while I might pick it up again, I'm not sure how much I care: the hints of the wider world and why the Island were created weren't compelling enough to make me want to tackle the frustration again!A game worth getting if you love puzzles, curiosity and peace - but be prepared to put some time into it, and be prepared to get frustrated."
76561198054756204,Recommended,210970,31284991,Posted: 21 April,all,Echo127,"Absolutely beautiful game with brilliant puzzles that *will* force you to stop and think. You'll often come across puzzles that you don't know the rules to, and will need to go to another part of the island and come back to solve. Are the puzzles really nothing more than the panels you see in screen shots? Yes and no. Yes, those *are* the only puzzles you will solve on your way to the end credits. But the island holds the solutions to many of the puzzles.Just don't go into it expecting any story whatsoever.  Some of the info out there on this game makes it sound like the point is to figure out why you're on the island and what the island is about. It really...isn't. The game hints at stuff, near the very end, but 99% of the ""story"" is just (seemingly) random audio clips from philosophers and scientists that you'll find hidden around the island. So temper your expectations in that regard--it's just a chill puzzle-solving experience."
76561198049815975,Recommended,210970,27902237,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,nentindo,"Jonathan Blow's latest work is an absolute masterpieceread the full review on my blog![/h1]The Witness is one of the best puzzle games I’ve ever played. An open-world setting allows the player to frolic through a beautiful island, serene yet uninhabited. Square panels display line puzzles that start simple, but gradually evolve in difficulty, slowly teaching you the language Jonathan Blow has spoken for the past eight years.Puzzles aren’t just scattered everywhere, mind you; the player can approach any specific area in any order. The world feels connected, like one large piece, but different puzzles and settings are separated into “dungeons,” all with a “boss” at the end.Braid is to Mario as The Witness is to the original Zelda. Plopped into an open world, the player discovers elements of the gameplay and how to interact with the environment by themselves, able to encounter any area they choose but can see a recommended path through the game’s design....The Witness is all about perspective. That’s the main concept the game revolves around: manipulating your mental perspective while solving a puzzle, your visual perspective when seeking hidden circles and lines, even the perspectives of other people.Scattered throughout the island are playable tape recorders. Each one relays a quote from a famous psychologist, scientist, or religious figure. These quotes are contextual with where you find them; finding a hidden pathway rewards you with an Einstein quote: “The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious.”Other audio logs loosely revolve around perspective, as well; astronauts talking about how their perspective of Earth’s significance changes, or how a controller-controlled relationship can be flipped when viewed in a different light.There’s even an entire theater in the game where videos, which are viewable by completing six of the most difficult sections in the game, can be viewed, consisting of movie clips, interviews and talks which deeper meanings serve as a tutorial guide on how to approach a puzzle. It sounds pretentious, I know, but the videos discuss mindsets like “stop looking for what you want and you’ll find what you’re looking for,” and “things only exist as you perceive them.”Perspective is key to solving puzzles, and when you play as long as I did, you adapt to that necessity, so much so that it personally affects you. I started to see line puzzles everywhere in my daily life, and I wasn’t alone in that reaction. I even started taking my puzzle-solving approaches into routine activities, and started thinking outside the box every day. Maybe that sounds crazy, but then again, 100+ hours changes a man.The Witness is an exercise in perspective, and shows how yours can change through problem-solving, mind tricks and consideration of others’ viewpoints. The Witness takes this concept and fully explores it through interactivity. It’s a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and one that can only be done through the medium of games."
,Recommended,210970,35482981,Posted: 4 October,all,goosewhammy,"fantastic game!a fair warning- the puzzles, while the rules may change, are essentially the same. draw a line from one point to the other while obeying the various rules. there are over 500 of these puzzles and, gameplay wise, that's all the game consists of. so i encourage you to try a demo, and if you're not sold in the first 30 min, the game is not for you.that being said, this is one of my favorite puzzle games of all time, next to the talos principle. the graphics and aestheics are fantastic. the use of the enviroment to aid you is phenomenal. the game is very well thought out and a joy to play. you will struggle at times, but that ""ah-ha"" moment is worth it.the downsides for me are the lack of sound/music and story, both of which seem to be left out intentionally. this leads me to have a lack of entertainment between puzzles or while traversing, especially since there isn't any overarching drive besides ""finish them all"".even so, the puzzles are fantastic and very diverse even with such a simple concept. and don't cheat yourself by using a guide- half the fun is figuring out how to solve the puzzles in the first place."
,Recommended,210970,35487937,Posted: 4 October,all,Pretty Kitty Boy,"I liked this game a lot. It's similar to Fez, Antichamber, Braid, and Everybody's Gone to the Rapture."
