user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198074601889,Recommended,211260,8454602,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Signas,"Really fun game with sharp and simple controls, a great soundtrack and over a hundred achievements.Easy to learn, hard to master. You will die a lot, but that isn't a hindrance since you can place the checkpoint practically anywhere and then relocate it. If you are going for 100% completion, you will have to learn tricks like how to keep combos alive to maximize your score and how to overcome extreme frustration when you are trying to get through a stage without dying for the 100th time, only to end up dying with the goal in sight.Gamepad strongly recommended."
,Recommended,211260,16094244,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,BlaXpirit,"They Bleed Pixelsis a side-scrolling platformer with fighting elements, set in a creepy environment.The platforming is great. Nothing too fancy, though. There are double jumps, wall jumps. A couple of fighting moves are reused as platforming moves. Some walls cannot be clinged onto. The platforming by itself cannot compete with something likeSuper Meat Boy, but doesn't fall too far either.When getting hit, in most games the character typically gets a period of invulnerability. It's just a trick to simplify the programming of the game.They Bleed Pixelsavoids this. For example, hitting a blade saw throws the character away.Another thing to point out is spikes act like spikes. You can even walk in between them, as long as you aren't actually getting impaled.The controls are impressively elegant. Directions + 2 buttons is all you need to perform about 20 different actions. They may have gone a bit overboard with this, though, because sometimes you will end up doing something different than you meant. But you have only yourself to blame.The enemies are just so original, and their AI is flawless. They will always find ways to annoy you, especially when there is a saw moving towards you, or you're about to slide off to your death. The full arsenal of abilities will be needed to deal with them. Everything fits together perfectly. You can even block some attacks (of course, there is no separate block button).An important part of the game is environmental damage. It is preferred to normal attacks, and is much more powerful. And there really are many ways to make enemies hit those spikes.They Bleed Pixelsis a difficult game for sure. But there is a slightly easier novice mode. And, of course, challenges and bonus levels of all kinds, with varying difficulty, up to extremely hardcore. There are achievements for collecting all the ""books"" on a level, each of which is a challenge by itself, no-death runs, speedruns and more. The game can be really competitive. Big replay value.Graphically, the game looks great. Nice pixel art, especially the backgrounds. Not everything is perfect, but the animations make up for it. Cutting through the enemies feels great.The soundtrack sure is strange, a bit morbid, based mostly on repeating catchy (chip)tunes. But it's fitting, and I really liked it. Sound effects are nice.I encourage people who for some reason gave up on this game, to give it another try. It appears the entire game was rewritten at some point.★★★★★★★★★☆"
,Recommended,211260,7790808,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RubberRoss,Retro menstrual cycle simulator.
,Recommended,211260,10280102,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Now with bonus Jakal!,"like meatboy, but easier because they give you enemies to take your misdirected agression out on."
,Not Recommended,211260,11648960,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Kaytanna,"To be clear, I enjoy this game. BUT. I would not recomend to most gamers.I've played a lot of hard games, and enjoyed them, This game included.However many of those games offered the difficulty as an option, for ranks, collectable and the like.  There were usually various strats to meeting these conditions.  Hidden routes, different usable mechanics, etc.I've gotten about halfway though This game as of this review, and the levels are set up in such a way that there is little freedom as to how you play the game, The game offers you a ton of moves, but demands that you use them to traverse in such a specific way, to the point that I feel I'm no longer in control as a player. As if I'm trying to win at simon says, and the colors are encypted.  This gets frustrating fast, demanding lots of dedication, just to make any progression.Again, I'm not saying the game is bad, But I just simply cannot recomend it to the average gamer.Its gets that frustrating."
,Recommended,211260,10813295,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Emy,"They Bleed Pixels is somewhat reminiscient of Super Meat Boy (challenging platformer with tight controls, lots of blood, lots of saws) plus a fighting element.Good:* 2spooky4me aesthetic* Solid gameplay* Save point system makes it relatively forgiving for a hardcore platformer.Bad:* I'm garbage at platformers* No option to change resolution"
,Recommended,211260,18109795,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Oregono,"BEAT! - Around 6 hours.Little Girl Death SimulatorThey Bleed Pixels is basically what would you would get if you took Super Meat Boy then added checkpoints, some combat,  and longer levels.  It is hard. Really hard. And if you dont know of any obcinities, dont fret. You will learn new ones.  You will probably make up new ones.The levels are well designed and varied. It is a bit of a shame there is no level editor because this game is basically begging for steam workshop integration.All in all a great platformer if you like tough games and have patience for a lot of failure,"
76561198018734034,Not Recommended,211260,11129960,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Kylie,"I wanted this game for a long time because I liked its style and presentation. When it went on sale I eargly grabbed it and...was just so disappointed. I was looking forward to a challenging plat-former with an interesting visual style. Well I certainly got something ""Challenging"" but for all the wrong reasons. The game is artificialy difficult. The whole thing is basically like those Super Mario hacks where the game is almost impossibly hard because the person put a lot of effort into making sure you get screwed over at every turn. I couldn't tell you how many times I died because something popped out at the last second from hiding, and would demand the reflexes of a coked up 8 year old to dodge on the first try. Which bassicaly turns large portions of the game into less of a plat-former and more of a memorization puzzle with the added difficulty of having to jump around.The game employs a unique check point system, when you have absorbed enough blood you are allowed to drop down a check point which heals you and allows you to continue from that sport if you die. The only limiting factors are that you can't be moving, and can't be near a saw blade or an enemy. And because of those two factors a good portion of the time these check points were useless because the developers would place a random saw blade, or cover EVERYTHING in slippery goo to make sure you can't actually stop moving and drop a check point. Forcing you to do large portions of a level without being able to employ a system the developers put in. In some cases I wondered why the check point system existed because 80% of the level was created so I couldn't drop a check point at all. It's pretty frustrating to have that purple glow around you indicating you could place down a check point and take a breather, only to notice that there is NO where to drop it down.Jumping is a big problem. Under normal circumstance the jump and double jump work fine but when you attempt to double jump off a wall, if you do it wrong, the double jump fails. As far as I can tell its a timing issue, you need to cling to the wall for the right period of time to be able to jump off it an then perform a second jump. It's only a fraction of a second difference between getting your double jump and not. Normally this isn’t a big deal but it you're getting into a groove, or you NEED to be fast to get past a part this becomes a huge problem. It turns some parts of the game into an annoying game of timing the wall jumps juuuuuuuust right so you're still moving quickly, but cling to the wall long enough to perform the second jump you need.Combat can be fun at times; kicking an enemy into a saw blade is immensely satisfying. However this part of the game also is greatly flawed. the developers like to throw lots of flying enemies at you while you're performing difficult jumps. Which make sense in a game with combat, only they don’t give you any way to dispatch these enemies, forcing you to try and complete already difficult platforming while also dodign enemy attacks. Usually I had to get part way through a tricky jump situation, then double back so I could dispatch the flying enemy who followed me. It made difficult jumps tedious and frustrating. As for normal combat, everything gets the kick. Really, there isn't much more complexity to the game than that. Kick an enemy into a trap or kick them into the air and air juggle them. That's as complex as the game gets. Even when fighting multiple enemies just kick them all into a corner, kick them all into the air, and air juggle them all. At first combat was fun but after a while the lack of variety became really boring. Most of the time if I didn’t need a check point I avoided combat because despite how easy it can be sometimes to dispatch enemies, other times its really hard because of the broken controls.The game has no invisibility frames so its not only possible you can get killed in a few seconds by one enemy who got in a bunch of hits or a trap you bumped into, its a guarantee its going to happen. And the knock back from taking damage is ridiculous. Its not so bad for enemies, but for traps it makes no sense and is extremely frustrating. If you land on spikes you jump up and way from them by about 3 pixels, meaning you will die on those spikes because the odds of being able to jump away are slim. Its pretty pathetic dying on a single set of spikes because being damaged by them doesn throw you far enough away from them to actually do anything about it. Saw blades are the total opposite, one of those babies touches you you go FLYING! and its pretty much a guarantee that if the blade doesn’t kill you, where ever it sends you will.The game is challenging, yes, but because of bad design. The entire game is just a test of how perfect you are able to play the game, because yes, you HAVE to be perfect in what you do for many parts of the game. No room for error, or creativity. You have to do it exactly as the developer intended. It makes for a frustrating and boring experience. I’m glad I got it on sale and didn't waste more money on it."
,Recommended,211260,20670977,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Glypha,"They Bleed Pixels is a challenging wall jump platformer, with a satisfying unique premise, quality combat and engaging mechanics.You control a presumably troubled student at the Lafcadio Academy for troubled girls. She stumbles across a magical book that makes you have wild dreams involving a few strangely horrific creatures, several bloody spikes, and an ever present number of saws. The book also has glowing bits and pages that not only are missing, but found inside said dreams. Take heed of any such events that occur in reality, as these are not normal behaviors for books or their pages.Through mysterious circumstance you have grown claws, which is so awesome that we will refer to this character as clawgirl. Also you become purple, which is a color associated with royalty, Roman Emperors, plums, and according to the Simpsons is itself a fruit. Clawgirl now likes to claw and kick levers and assorted Eldritch horrors, as she navigate your fun dream world with silky mechanics and enough cool moves to enjoyably and reliably get the job done. These moves include the downward thrusting fall, the slide on the floor, and the rat-a-tat-tat hit-you-in-the-air maneuvre. A clever mechanic in this game is the check point system, as a new checkpoint can be placed down whenever a sufficient amount of combo bar has been activated, where combo can be gained by elegantly and rhythmically dismantling opponents, or picking up little globules of blood that are scattered around the world as if left by a crime spree in space. On occasion this has led to taking perhaps a more difficult path to simply save earlier to avoid redoing portions of a level.The levels involve clawgirl moving from the beginning to the end in what is often a circuitous and meandering path. You accumulate pints, in opposition to the classic of points and referencing the games appreciation of blood. There's a fair amount of pixely blood in this game, and it's always fun. Most of it will be spilled by you of course, especially if you intend to complete the challenges for each level of gathering the grim harvest of all the blood pickups, or the 6 book pages on each level. The blood pickups mostly involve a finesse of controls to navigate while collecting them all, serving to increase the overall number of jumps, and occasionally up the difficulty of those jumps. The pages are of significantly higher challenge for the level, serving to provide interesting navigations that can intrigue or frustrate, depending on your underlying psychological dispositions.The game plays out over a prologue, three chapters with three levels each, and an ending sequence. These will take a fair amount of time to beat for players of most skill levels, with a significant ramp up in difficulty over the course of the game. There are also a number of created levels for those with more voracious appetite for content.The graphics of this game involve a pleasant pixelated layer upon which the game mechanics plays out, and a fascinating background layer that is often quite a surreal, tesselated treat. The music is of a high bit-sound quality, fitting the grim aesthetic of the game and is sufficiently varied that it never wears on your soul with repetition.This is a well made platformer that will entertain grizzled veterans of the genre with its challenging, engaging dynamics and delightful Lovecraft inspired aesthetic. Non-afficianados may find themselves frustrated with the difficulty, and leaving after a few levels, but not after spending sufficient time with the game to justify its purchase.This review provided in accordance with international treaties established in accordance with all applicable sovereign entities. This review produced sans collaboration with Lovecraft; with thanks for his admittance of seminal literary works into the public domain. Review provided via theOriginal Curator Group"
,Recommended,211260,17962971,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Shadowrunner,"An atmospheric fighting platformer inspired by Lovecraft. They've divided the game into two modes, Standard and Novice. There are also bonus levels. If you aren't too good at Super Meat Boy (like me), you should start with Novice. The controls are awesome, especially with a gamepad. The soundtrack is marvellous. The graphics are crisp. The combos are fun. The gameplay and replayability are top-notch. You're still asking me whether I'd recommend this game?"
,Not Recommended,211260,31323822,Posted: 23 April,all,Wilhelm3,"I really want to like this game. The music is nice, the graphical style is great, and the sound design is solid and satisfying. The non-verbal story is also pretty damn good, told by brief animations and combined with the background design of the levels themselves. But a game is only as good as their controls, and the controls are TERRIBLE. Loose, flowy, inconsistent, difficult to learn and nigh-impossible to master, it made playing much of the game a chore. I couldn't bear to finish it, because after I began the fourth level and found beginning it required a dash move that only executed half the time (thanks to all your attacks being bound to a single button), I gave up. I want to love this game, but as it stands, I just can't bear to keep playing it. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play. Which is a shame, because it has a lot of potential."
76561198046052299,Recommended,211260,10714937,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,patiencevirtue,"Dark, Cthulu-inspired, ridiculously hard, side-scrolling platformer, and I love it. It can be brutal trying to get through some of the levels, but it is such a satisfying game."
,Recommended,211260,7802149,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DAMIENX88,"They Bleed Pixels - Satisfaction that comes at a priceIf you check on Steam it actually comes at pretty low price. But obviously I was not talking about money. I was talking about time (which equals money) but let talk more about why I came to such a conclusion.So if you have read my previous review you probably guessed that I like this game because it is a 2D platformer.  And yes I like platformers and I was collecting them in the past when I had time to play any games. Naturally I came across this game and loved it at first sight. And why not? I watched the trailer and I saw fast paced action, lots of different moves and attacks. I loved this simplistic but beautiful art style. It also said it was inspired H.P Lovecraft which told me absolutely nothing at first but after searching online I know all I needed. Another thing that got me really excited was the number of achievements to unlock. And my friends know that I'm a achievement-junkie. But I should have read what those achievements are about. From the tags I new it wasn’t going to be easy and I was quite ready for that. So I grabbed my controller, fired up the game and focused on my TV screen...And it didn't start by killing me in first 30 seconds of gameplay. Well, it started with some spooky pictures that told me the story. And the way it introduce the story was actually pretty nice. So after brief loading I was in the game ready to demolish my foes in many different ways. But first I had to figure out how. And it was really easy to pick up the controls. It actually guides you through different moves and actions as you encounter different enemies and game objects. The learning curve was not steep at all and I felt like I was progressing pretty well. I was not dying as often as I expected from a difficult game and that's partially because I was ready for it and tried my hardest to master timing and precision as fast as I could. And the latter is very important. And you will need a controller if you want that. And game developers recommend that too when you start the game. I ran though first few levels feeling pretty confident but I was about to see what this was really like.As I was going further and further the game was getting harder and harder. Platforming required more and more precision and did the wall sliding. So at this point I really started having a hard time because my fingers being somewhat precise clearly weren't precise enough for the game. So I started my intense training. I tried the level again and again and I was getting better and better. And you know those games that don't have any saving points in the level. Well this is not one of them, fortunately. I'm infinitely grateful for the checkpoint system. And you can get as many checkpoints as you want as long as you collect enough points by killing the enemies in style. This is an amazing game mechanic and it allows you to place the checkpoint anywhere you want but you need to be careful to not to get killed while you're trying to find a perfect spot to save. There are some infuriating enemies that can make you want to cut the gamepad cord with you teeth but don't you worry because I found a key to dealing with any enemy. And that is staying calm. It may sound like a silly thing but it really helped me. After few stupid deaths I tried again but this time I was planning my actions just little bit and I was trying to relax a little because I felt I was clenching the controller way to hard. Apart from the enemies each level is sometimes your biggest enemy and can be really challenging just to get through. And there even are levels with almost no enemies which should make it easier but I makes it harder instead because it's harder to gain points and place a checkpoint. Unfortunately there is only one boss - the final boss. And even though I found it underwhelming to defeat I felt incredibly satisfied.There are more things to do in this game. Collecting book pages for example that unlock art and achievements. There are also bonus levels which I found quite fun. And I plaid all the levels several times to find those pages some of which are well hidden.So what was the price of all that satisfaction for me. Well it was 31 hours. I will need at least 10 more hours to get some more achievements I feel I can unlock.  That's for a game that doesn't have too many levels. And was it worth it? You're god damn right it was. I feel like this game was priced too low and I would paid even if it was twice as much money.I do recommend this game. But ther are few things you should be aware of before buying.It's insanely difficult for average player. Me, for instance. If you are not careful you will die a lot. Soundtrack is great and it is just right for this game but I can hardly hear it because I die to often. By now I have 2 levels to complete. It took overal 15 hours and not all of those hours were pleasant. Also I highly recommend a gamepad for this game.This game will put your hand-eye coordination to the test and not only that. Please note that only 4.5% of people who bought it  completed it.More reviews from Gameaways Curator"
,Not Recommended,211260,10374772,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nightmare Gecko,"My first impression of They Bleed Pixels was a good one. I enjoyed the style, as well as the cute story that unfolded. The combat is interesting and it certainly feels satisfying to kick your enemies up in the air, in to a sawblade. Its really fun to dash to an enemy and proceed to stab stab stab like no tommorw. The music is nice and it makes me feel like I'm playing a platformer on a DOS system, which felt nostagic. It also has an interesting mechanic that allows you to create your own checkpoints. As I said my first impressions were positive, however, this game is ruined by overly twitchy controls and, in my opinion, sloppy level design.Its really disappointing too, because I really wanted to like this game. I love the art style, and the combat is fun, but I just couldn't get past these huge faults. The game is difficult as you might guess, which is fine. I do enjoy being presented with a challenge. I enjoyed Super Meat Boy for the same reasons. The early levels of this game aren't to bad, but the further you get in the game the more it requires you to pull off precise and complex maneuvers. You'll have an extremely hard time with this, because a mere nudge of the joystick sends the main character flying across the screen. The controls are just so twitchy. Whats worse is some levels have slippery floors, so now you have to deal with slippery floors, and the overly sensitive controls. To be fair I'm using a Logitech controller, and maybe it plays different based on that, but I've never had this problem in other games.The level design is sketchy in some places, but a majority of the levels I encountered have a long drop with a pit of spikes at the bottom. This can be frustrating because if you make a mistake, you have to watch the entire fall until you hit the spikes, which doesn't sound like much, but trust me after several deaths watching that fall will test your patience. You can't skip it either you have to wait till you die before you can start over. You are given three points of health, but 80% of the time you'll die instantly (Especially to sawblades, they knock you all over the place, draining all three points in seconds). Having that extra health usually just results in dragging out your death, and I find myself just mashing the revive button once I fall in to a pit of spikes I can't escape.I sincerely wish I could tell you I enjoyed this game, but Those finer points just destroyed the experience for me. I wouldn't reccommend picking up this game unless its on sale and you really really like the style. Otherwise its not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,211260,7889635,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Andrux,"Crap controls ruined the fun of what looked like a really fun game. It's a ""precision"" platformer where your character slides around an awful lot after moving. Also, one button combat means you'll randomly charge into spike walls when trying to kick enemies around.Overall, an exercise in frustration. I'd recommend steering clear of this one."
76561198129143039,Not Recommended,211260,28321013,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Zerotoinfinity,"I feel like people are gonna give me crap by proxy since I didn't like the game, but I do have reasons. And Steam review don't accomodate the conditional, so there's not button for ""I recommend this to people who are really sure they'll like it"". As such, I can't bring myself to recommend this to the average or casual player. This game is for serious people. I was not one of those people.That's basically the tl:dr, by the way. If you don't want to read further, than stop here. I don't like this game, it didn't work for me. It may work for you, if you're willing to accomodate a very steep and unrelenting difficulty curve.If you are the kind of person to concern yourself with the why, then keep reading I suppose.From the very little progress I've made in this game (its SUPER hard, so mind that), it was okay. I played mostly on novice based on the apparently naive assumption that it would actually accomodate me as a rookie. The game failed to meet this expectation, and was really hard regardless.Okay now, I can't really fault it for being hard, because there were several places on the store page which alluded to its difficulty. I guess I just didn't fully grasp what they meant byridiculously hard, though in retrospect I have no idea how.At any rate, there were some moments where I felt like I was being had, to be honest. I found the controls to be loose and even unresponsive sometimes.  There were some moments where the game simply refused to do even a double jump for me. The deaths that resulted from that felt unwarranted, and I lost respect and interest for the game as a result. The combat is one-button, which really didn't work for me either. I felt like I made the wrong move far too often. To me, this was because many moves felt clunky, with a poor flow to them. Perhaps it comes much more with skill, but I just felt swamped by them all, and more often then not I failed to see the purpose in combo moves which had the potential to jeopardize my safety when I could just kick the enemy away from me or use the base stab with little variety, or even flat out ignore them. You can chalk those failures up to simple inexperience and a poor mindset on my part, I suppose, but from where I sat it just didn't feel like that.Perhaps my dislike of this game makes me a hypocrite. I love the game Master Spy, which is just as brutally hard and harshly grading as this game. Hell, I got an F in both categories (time taken and deaths) on the first mission of Master Spy. I hadn't felt quite so offended by that grade (partially because my frayed mind actually found it funny and I began laughing), but also because most of my deaths were due to trial and error finding a method that could work, and then just deaths from silly mistakes as I tried to execute it. There were few puzzles where I became mad at a level, but it was usually because I hadn't yet found the route through the level. Once those instances are removed, there were only a couple instances where I felt the game was truly unfair. The controls were tight and very simple, so they actual technique was easy to grasp. The difficulty wasn't in the execution of abilities, but in the navigation of the level.The comparison to They Bleed Pixels is such: I feel that, unlike in Master Spy, there isn't enough focus or flow to the game. The levels felt too large, and I sometimes became bored as they continued onwards. It was like the game version of a run-on sentence. All I could think wasWhen will this thing end? Does it ever stop?The combat's clunkiness combines with equally difficult movement controls to make the execution of abilities hard, which in turn inflates the difficulty with unwarranted errors and failures.And that's all I've got really."
,Recommended,211260,7852803,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RadKit,"TBP is precision platformer with ""one button"" (also makes use of the directional keys) brawling and combo mechanics, also notable is a checkpoint system that allows the player to choose when and where to make a save point.The look of the game is a retro pixel feast, I personally can't say no to anything pixelated and think it looks fantastic, more than enough definition to always be able to see what is going on around you, what is a baddie and what is a goodie.Controls are very sharp and very simple to pick up, you only have to worry about directions, attack and jump. Attacks change based on if you are holding a movement key in a direction and if you are holding or tap. All in all there's a dash, a kick, a swipe, a launcher, an air juggler, a mid-air to ground dash, and a mid-air-combo swipe. Together these combine with the combo system and the environmental hazards, that chop up you and foes with equal fervor, to make huge pools of bleeding pixels and gibs that drip and bounce all over the beautiful place.Spending your time double jumping or wall hanging over and around a million spikes or razor discs is a joy... once you finally make it. But there's no blaming the game for your 180 deaths and 60 minutes to get through a 5 minute level (yes, I saw your screenshot, well done you). Once you've mastered the systems of movement and figured out how to chain together huge combos, the real fluidity of the game unlocks and you are free to maneuver yourself to the top of the leader-boards.Collecting orbs or killing baddies you fill you checkpoint meter, once full you can stand still and as long as there aren't any obstructions (bad guys, razor discs) you can create a check point to return to when you die.There are no other check points so without these you will be zapped right back to the start of the level at death. Your character does have three hearts, getting hit by a baddie or touching an obstacle will cost you one, lose em and die, drop a check point and they refill and you can move on.It's an interesting system but you can quickly see the only real difference between this and a standard checkpoint system is that the game is telling you where you can't check point instead of where you can, also as you become good at the combo system you can make almost constant check points, but your good enough at that point you wont need to or even want to as your score is doubled when you are holding a checkpoint but don't use it. The level recap screen also gives a bonus for not using any checkpoints at all!Some fun extras are included for every 3 out of the 100 plus achievements you unlock you can unlock a piece of artwork, some concept, some photoshop manipulation, some original art post process, all very very well done and a treat for the eyes. If you pick up the collectors edition you also get the sound track to the game on your hard drive, which is also quite good. 10 hours already I'm totally not sick of it, it's even caught in my head a bit. Especially how it slows down a little as you die again and again.The game may be a bit short on levels but at 9.99 and with so many actual achievement achievements and competitive leader-boards it generates a lot more value. Also included are two levels that have been re-skinned by other developers/game makers with more promised on the way as coming soon.Again, They Bleed Pixels may not be for you... Do you like cursing? Do you break things or hurt family members feelings when you get angry in a game? Even if those things are true, the elation at completing a level and meeting a goal you set for yourself (like not dying or... only dying 10 times, or beating a speed run time) is what games like this are for, and this one does it quite well.There will be pixels!"
,Recommended,211260,24675515,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Waffle King,"Bloody And Probably Smells Like Fish-An Official Waffle King Review~Find morehere.Platform Hell games are an incredibly popular genre. Super Meat Boy set a very high standard back when it released, and people have been trying to emulate its success for quite a while.Improving on the formula is harder than copying it, though. What could be better than running really fast and dying all the time?Well, have I got news for you. The formula has been changed.Passably.Running, jumping, and dying? Make room... For punching.That's right. An entire new dimension has opened up. This is like discovering a new color that's the opposite of a mix of a slightly pinkish green and a deep purplish orange. Or maybe whatever the ♥♥♥♥ razzmatazz is, that's a crayon too. The game has changed, people.They Bleed Pixels, an indie platformer available on Steam, combines the platformer hell action of games like Super Meat Boy with an entire Tumblr worth of A E S T H E T I C. And punching.As a young girl named Strong Female Protagonist, you're thrust into a world of Lovecraftian horror and sharp minimalist pixel art to fend for your life against tentacles and very pointy things that are everywhere.Graphically, They Bleed Pixels is stylish and sleek. A monotone black and white with accents of red form the foreground, contrasting sharply with the vibrant backgrounds. With PARALLAX SCROLLING.PARALLAX SCROLLING.That's a mark of the finest quality.While the whole retro platformer pixel art thing has been done a million times, the style is executed tastefully and with enough of a unique spin to differentiate it from literally every other platforming game on Steam.But the game's most defining feature is its snappy fighting system. They Bleed Pixels' combat is very space-oriented. You're capable of launching enemies horizontally or vertically with kicks, chaining combos with your punches and by use of the environment itself. The same spikes, saw-blades, and pikes that'll be maiming you can be used to kill your enemies.Controlling space becomes essential in later levels, where enemies will start to condense into smaller areas with more obstacles in your way. Being able to effectively kick them around while dispatching them with speed and style is critical, as it will also determine how many times you have to die in the same spot over and over.The checkpoint system is a little unique. A meter will build up as you combo and kill, and once it's full your character can cast a checkpoint by standing still. Which at first struck me as a weird mechanic, because I was concerned I'd cast it accidentally without meaning to. But the fast pace of the game actually lead me to forget about the checkpoints completely at times. Your score doubles as long as you keep your checkpoint meter full, so there's a strong risk-reward element to it, but I honestly just kept forgetting it was there and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I had to jump through razor-blade ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for the umpteenth time.They Bleed Pixels' brutal nature is great and all, but it's also just full of♥♥♥♥♥♥at times. There's a point on the scale of fun to times you've died in the exact same spot because you failed to narrowly avoid a cluster♥♥♥♥ of murderous ghosts that won't let you wall-slide between two narrow walls with a saw-blade at the top waiting for a ♥♥♥♥ing timed door to open where the fun just... stops. Somewhere between seeing what the game is making you do and dying for the first time, realizing what the game is actually asking you to ♥♥♥♥ing do. That was not fun, let's not do that again Spooky Squid Games Inc., developers of beat'em up platformer video game They Bleed Pixels that was developed and released in August 2012 for Microsoft Windows via Steam. Let's never do that.Ever. ♥♥♥♥ing. Again.There's a point where you need to stop, guys. And you passed it. They Bleed Pixels is a blast while it's good, presenting a spectrum of realistic levels to teach beginner skills and challenge those who've mastered them. And then somewhere towards the end that all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it becomes a matter of seeing how much they can frustrate the player. If the controls were slightly more straightforward, it would probably be a little easier to forgive. But combat is tied to tapping and holding a single button for different moves. Failing to cross a spiky chasm because you normal attacked instead of dash attacked since they're both triggered by holding a direction and pressing the button is a problem. The game's failure to explain that you can quickly slide down walls by pressing down and getting me killed by ♥♥♥♥ing razors and♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over is a ♥♥♥♥ing problem. The fact that more than half the game is a ♥♥♥♥ing ice level is a huge ♥♥♥♥ing problem.Ice levels are the absolute worst besides underwater levels and you should all be ashamed.Wonky controls and hard games do not mix. There's a difference between the pain of hot, kinky sadism and the pain of stubbing your toe. That's not hot, that's frustrating and why I sometimes cry in the shower. They Bleed Pixels is like a virgin doing it with someone that says they're turned on by being rough. They're not sure how hard they should be hitting, and they're not even sure if they're doing it right, but they're trying their best.If you can look past the couple nagging flaws, it's really put together quite nicely. It's not gonna dethrone Super Meat Boy as a truly genre-defining title, but if you have an itch for being super ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about spikes, Strong Female Protagonist can jerk you off with her lobster claw fingers.Don't judge, this is serious, some people get throbbing erections whenever they step foot into a Red Lobster. It's not a joke.It's a life-threatening issue for people with seafood allergies."
,Recommended,211260,10821251,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zygayga,"I personally love this game, They BleedPixels is a must for anyone who loves games like super Meat Boy, It has a fantastic art style story and level complexity to give you a ton of play time and a ton of things to perfect. The game is my personal favorite because its just great to relax to and then get 130%♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.But seriously it was worth every penny spent and I love every single bit of it, it even has active devs, recently there has been a tech update to it where you can edit the video settings unlike before, this game should be able to run on just about any machine now. so its really just the perfect♥♥♥♥♥♥you-off-while-surfing-on-walls-and-slicing-enemies-and-doing-other♥♥♥♥♥♥kind of game.also do you like the general mythos around Cthuhlu? Yeah this game has monsters and levels that are themed around everyones most feared omnipotent squid god. so in short. It's good.(Great game for offline playing.)Story: 8/10 (Solid.)Gameplay: 10/10 (Challenging)Presentation: 10/10 (Good style)Soundtrack: 10/10 (Generic but well fitting and enjoyed.)Replayability: 8/10 (Perfectionists will want to replay, maybe people who have left the game for months too.)"
,Recommended,211260,1688985,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Pudge,"Did you think Super Meat Boy was too easy? Do you hate yourself? Do you enjoy the thought of kicking nightmare creatures into buzzsaws? If you answered yes to any of these questions, They Bleed Pixels might just be the game for you! It's a super tight 2D Platformer with satisfyingly infuriating level design."
,Recommended,211260,13190439,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,stray_pengo,"Pros: clever level design, fancy fight moves, helpful checkpoint system, beautiful pixel art/animation, John-Carpenterish synthy disco music.Cons: Finicky fight control and jump mechanic take some time getting used to; expect lots of misfired moves and missed double jumps until you nail it.  Levels get tough real fast (this has been rectified by a rewrite; see below.)Update (2015/06/03): TBP has gone through asubstantial rewriteover to a new engine.  It's now cross-platform, lighter on the system resource, and runs at 60fps (was 30.)  It also features brand-new leaderboards with playback ability, and two additional bonus levels.  Special novice difficulty levels, which are a subset of re-balanced earlier ""full"" levels, are also introduced to ease the player into the game mechanics.I usually don't care much for precision platformers, but TBP was a welcome exception.  The main reason was, cruel as the game may be, it plays remarkably fair.  The enemies and deadly traps communicate clearly to you with visual and aural cues, with anticipation time long enough for you to react.  So when I died, I knew it was due to my poor judgement or execution, that I could do better next time.  It reminded me of the first 2D Prince of Persia, in a good way.Also, the dynamic checkpoint system comes in real handy - you can set one down anywhere (with reasonable limitation and cost,) which effectively split a level into shorter, manageable chunks that you can practice on.  It's kept between game sessions as well, so you can always pick up just where you left off anytime.  I certainly wouldn't have lasted without it.And when all else fails, you can always unleash your trusty claws and vent your frustration on the nameless things that wander about in your way.  Which also grants you more checkpoints then health refills, so it all adds up to a surprisingly encouraging play experience, despite all the bloodbath and body counts.  Make no mistake; you *will* die often - and so will the enemies.  It's all fair and square, and there's certain grim beauty to it.I heartily recommend TBP to anyone with an intrepid mind who takes pleasure in the mesmerising recursion of experimentation, realization, and execution.  Practice does make perfect!"
76561198018326356,Recommended,211260,30971515,Posted: 5 April,all,Lowenly,"They Bleed Pixels is a marvelous take on the precision-platformer genre, combining tough jumping challenges together with an intuitive combat system and a unique checkpoint/respawn mechanic. The game controls well, is smartly designed, and has polish and care put into every part of its being.The story portion of the game is broken up into 11 long linear stages, with a handful of unrelated bonus stages on the side.  These stages throw every type of platforming challenge imaginable at the player, and are often as vertical as they are horizontal (thanks to the double-jump and wall jump in the game).  The difficulty is harsh and death is common, but it’s nowhere near the realm of the infamous “platformer hell” games.  Instead the real difficulty of the game is self-imposed, should the player choose to attempt 100%, time attack, score attack, and no-death runs of the levels.  Going for a high score is a separate game unto itself, as it brings into play the combo-centric combat system, where every move can be simply executed with one button and a direction.  This keeps battle smooth and to the point, allowing it to be integrated INTO the platforming, rather that being distinct from it.The checkpoint system is a brilliant revelation:  In TBP, the player makes their OWN checkpoints.  Collecting items and killing enemies quickly fills a checkpoint meter; once full, the player can empty it to create a checkpoint in any safe location they choose.  This allows the player to feel out which sections give them personally the most trouble and then hold their checkpoints for those locations, saving a lot of tedious trial-and-error time.  The restriction of only being able to create checkpoints in ""safe"" locations prevents any possible exploitation of breaking up timing-critical action segments, and creates a very fair mechanic that's so intuitive and convenient it's a wonder more games don't try to emulate it.The graphics of the game put function over fashion; a necessity for those familiar to the genre.  Sprites and platforms are simply designed and dark with a white outline, while the backgrounds are brightly colored and always pull from a similar palette.  This contrast and minimalism makes it easy for the player to understand their surroundings at a glance and focus on the precision of the game, while still presenting a unique and appealing visual style.  All sprite animations are very smooth with plenty of frames, giving a comfortable polish to the minimalism.  The name of the game should not be forgotten, however: when they bleed pixels, they bleed a LOT of pixels, and what well-animated pixels they are.In a world where brutal precision-platformers have become more commonplace, They Bleed Pixels distinguishes itself in the genre in many ways without sacrificing anything in the process.  Except for a young virgin girl or two, but how else are you going to awaken the Old Lord from his slumber and bring about the new age?"
,Not Recommended,211260,313777,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Polly,"Combining masocore platformer with a simple combo-driven mashy combat system should seem relatively neat when you consider how tired this young genre already is. Unfortunately, They Bleed Pixels just doesn't nail it, suffering from terrible combat control, lousy hit detection, and an I Wanna Be The Guy mentality when it comes to enemy placement and level design.The two-button (attack and jump) approach simply doesn't work for this game. There are too many different types of attack and defensive actions all assigned to one  button. Using the wrong attack happens far too often, and large portions of every stage in the game feel like they're designed purposefully around the idea of you using the wrong attack. The way slashes and kicks are set up is entirely backwards from how one would want to actually use them. It just feels like bad design on purpose on the part of the developers.When controls aren't the issue, lousy hit detection on the 800,000,000 buzzsaws you'll see (and moving spike pillars later) in the game will be a constant thorn in your side. It's especially bad when the game is asking you to navigate tight corridors and make pixel-perfect wall jumps anytime a stationary or moving buzzsaw is around.Your patience will likely be worn thin by the final 4-5 stages of the game and how positively ludicrous the stage designs and enemy and trap placement are. It stops being challenging in a satisfying manner and starts feeling really mean-spirited and unreasonable on an I Wanna Be The Guy level, especially given how terrible the controls are.Play something better. Like Pid.(I also have NO IDEA how I earned ""The End Immortal"" achievement. I died 219 times on the final stage.)"
,Recommended,211260,14644667,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mitch13pavel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPKynP1netI&feature=youtu.beThey Bleed Pixels perfectly combines precision platforming with intense fast paced hack and slash combat. This gorgeously gore-filled 2D platformer will push you to your breaking point with its incredibly challenging level design and merciless enemies.The game places you in control of a young school girl who stumbles across a mystical book that places a curse upon her that causes her to morph into a mutant purple demon with “Edward Scissor-hand”-esque blades for hands when she falls asleep. She then enters a beautifully animated horror filled nightmare that is filled with monsters and creatures of the night. She is then put in the unfortunate dilemma of fighting her way out of these nightmares before she’s sucked into them permanently.The artwork is very well done and beautifully blends pixel art with paper and ink textures, the game looks especially stunning when you brutally kill an enemy by pushing them into a saw blade and have their bloody pixels sparkle and decorate your screen. The dark atmospheric environments help set the gothic tone of the game. The game also features a dark groovy electronic music soundtrack that pairs perfectly with the artwork and helps sets the games tone.The games combat system is incredibly simplistic, yet at the same time very deep. While there aren’t any long lengthy combos to chain together or memorize, there are plenty of ways to kill enemies. All attacks are executed by clicking one mouse button, but the timing, direction, and ways you interact with the environment provide an ample amount of ways to brutally vanquish the enemies. One of the most interesting aspects of the game is the way that the checkpoint system works; Instead of having set predetermined checkpoints laid out in the levels, you have to earn your checkpoints by filling the meter at the top of the screen by collecting orbs and killing enemies. The more brutally you kill an enemy, the more points you get towards your checkpoint meter, so creativity is certainly rewarded. This checkpoint system helps take away from some of the difficulty related frustration associated with precision platformers of having to replay the same sections of levels over and over, but the game still offers a great level of difficulty.They Bleed Pixels is undoubtedly one of the finer platforming experiences you will find on PC. Offering a gorgeous art style, incredibly challenging level design, fast paced combat system, innovative checkpoint system, and dark and adorable story and characters. While you will die repeatedly and be forced to play levels over and over, you will feel incredibly satisfied with yourself when you manage to overcome the games challenging difficulty.http://noobsthatplaygames.com/"
,Recommended,211260,21780407,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,InsaneFirebat,A very challenging platformer with good controls. Not a casual game.
,Recommended,211260,16457642,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,"Tight controls, kickass soundtrack, neat graphics, eldritch horror, and fun combat.buy it.YOU'RE A KID NOWYOU'RE AN ELDRITCH ABOMINATION NOW"
,Recommended,211260,17965368,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Browniemixx,"Alright, so, They Bleed Pixels came out about the right time before the Super Meat Boy craze died down and held itself as a solid, hardcore platformer. Controls are tight, well tuned, and of course rebindable.They Bleed Pixels is a harcore platformer which meets the requirements for making it stand out from the current 6,000 titles on steam which include:1. great art style - the asthetic for this takes a strong Lovecraftian tone to the enviroment and with the 'Crimon Update' everything runs exceptionally well with the pixelated blood bouncing all over with each stab. And the cutscenes included while maintaining an appealing pixel graphic detail and everyone seems to love the main character2. appreciable soundtrack -  I'd say most of the songs in this game are notable and interesting, however there are a few here and there that can come of as a regular chip-tune but nothing to really sneeze about.3. straight-forward controls - like I recently stated controls work fine with minimal button functions being left, right, jump, duck, and attack. the attack button can be used in multple fashion.They Bleed Pixels is about a girl who goes to a school for troubled young girls run by an eerie headmaster. She finds a book and is suddenly taken to a strange world and her hands are replaced with sharp red claws. You start out with the tutorial but are quickly taken into combat where you conflict with 5 different enemy types. There's a score system that earns you 'pints' once you get enough you'll be able to cast a save sigil and this is how you'll be able to save and regain your health as long as your on stable ground and there are no obstructions nearby. getting pints depends on your combo meter and how you kill enemies, there's a large variety of combos giving plenty of grueseome death to your foes.Now this is still a hardcore platformer and you can not only wall jump but you'll also be able to stick to solid walls. there's plenty more score as well base on how many kills you got, how fast it was done, whether you died or took damage, and how many pages you got that are scattered through each level.Now one of the obstacles that may end some people's games are the sawblades, these things are your true enemy as when you hit one of them you'll bounce off in any random direction almost ensuring instant death in the proccess. This I'm sure is what some people get upset about when playing through. The levels themselves are individually unique, very long, and quickly ramp up in difficulty in each one adding more obscatcles and enemies. There's a good amount of content including well over 150 in game achievements that unlock extra levels and artwork made by the community.The devs themselves for this game know what their doing and have always been able to respond to any questions I've seen pop up in the discussion thread, I haven't seen many game devs reach over to their fanbase before as much as the two who built this title before even while their finnished working on this one.Overall it's a good experience if you're in to the SMB level and stlye of gaming, it's not something for everyone of course and does require a lot of patience but has a fantastic sense of gratitude when you complete that one section or level that isn't quite common, and that is why I feel confident enough to reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,211260,31468170,Posted: 30 April,all,Cory,"They Bleed Pixels game that I wish I could enjoy. Good art, nice story and characters, all the makings of a good indie title. However, the controls are downright horrible. The one button scheme that they used for combat is extremely confusing and inconsistent. Half of the time when I think that I'm about to make a certain move it will do something else that will lead to a cheap death due to the fact that stabs, kicks, dashing, and literaly every single ability aside from jumping are all controlled by the same button.The level design can be quite unfair at times also, leading to all of your health being depleted at once due to the insane velocity that damage propels you through the air combined with the ice platforms which make up at least 25% of every surface.I don't think I can recommend this."
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,211260,20690757,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dasbooby,"This game focuses on being a difficult platformer and does it well.  There's no real plot, story, character depth or anything else here, it's all about the platforming.  The game would be good if not for 2 big problems.Firstly, the buzzsaws.  The hit detection on them is awful.  You don't have to touch them to get hurt by them, the game seemingly decides at random whether you touched one or not.  This wouldn't be a huge issue except that every time you touch one, it sends you flying across the room into something that will kill you right off or into something else that will send you flying across the room into something that finishes you off.  Essentially, touching any buzzsaw is a death sentence, especially in the later stages.  This becomes frustrating when you seemingly get killed or get past them by random chance rather than skill.Secondly, the controls.  Every attack is controlled by one button/key (I used a controller, but you still use one key for all attacks if using the keyboard), and the game often gets confused by what you're trying to do, which inevitably leads to your death.  Using a controller, pressing B does a kick that sends enemies flying sideways.  Holding B does a kick that sends enemies straight up in the air.  Pressing left/right and B at the same time does a dash attack.  Holding left/right and pressing B does your claw attack.  Holding left/right for a second or two and pressing B does your dash attack as well.  See the problem yet?  Too many times, you press right/left and B meaning to do a claw attack and you do a dash attack.  Other times, you press them at the same time and it does a claw attack instead of a dash attack.  Sometimes you hold in left/right for a second or two and press B and it will do a dash attack, sometimes it does a claw attack.  Sometimes you let go of left/right and press B trying to kick and it does a claw attack instead.  Sometimes you hold right/left and press B and it does a kick instead.  You're essentially at the mercy of whether the game decides to do the attack you wanted or not.Wall jumping is also an issue.  You can double jump from the ground in the game.  You can also attach to walls if you go toward them.  If you jump off a wall, you may jump again midair.  If you fall off a wall, you get a single jump to use midair.   In order to jump off of a wall in the opposite direction (Which you will do constantly in the game), you must press the opposite direction and the jump button at the same time.  This will give you the intial gain in height from the wall jump, plus another jump in midair to get to where you have to go.  The problem is that the game can't tell whether you're jumping off a wall in the opposite direction, or falling off of it.  If you press the opposite direction of a wall, you will fall off of it instantly.  So, if you do not press the opposite direction of the wall and the jump button at the exact same milisecond, the game will interpret it as you wanting to fall off the wall.  This inevitably leads to your death when you're trying to double jump off of a wall to some platform, and you press the jump button but you're now out of jumps, as the game interpreted your jumping off the wall as you deciding to fall off the wall.  There needs to be some sort of delay for falling off the wall... or how about this?  How about simply allowing the player to assign a different button for falling off the wall.  I should be able to hold in the opposite direction to get ready for my jump without the game deciding that it means I want to fall off of the wall to my death.  There are too many deaths caused by this, which again is decided by random chance rather than skill.Lastly, wall attaching.  The game seemingly decides at random whether you want to attach yourself to a wall or not.  Sometimes I'll be right next to a wall wanting to attach to it, and it won't attach.  Other times, I'll jump in the direction of a wall, not touch it, and the game will still decide I touched it and wanted to attach to it.  Other times, I'll fall off a wall trying to fall straight down and the game will re-attach me to the wall, even though I never pressed a button in that direction.  Other times, you'll fall straight down perfectly fine.  Again, this inevitably leads to your death through random chance rather than skill.A good game ruined by terrible controls, not much more to say about it."
,Recommended,211260,1214801,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Canti,"I hate this game!! It makes me want to kick kittens and piledrive puppies!! And yet, it won't let me stop playing it until I complete it. This platformer is so brutal, so unforgiving, so irritatingly frustrating you simply must buy it to hone your platformer skills! If you go into this thinking it's another Mario clone, boy are you in for a surprise!It is difficult in the same manner as Super Meat Boy, where you must traverse narrow platforms and tricky jumps, bouncing off of walls and avoiding the many hazards as you go. Unlike Meat Boy, They Bleed Pixels ramps up the difficulty far quicker rather than easing you into it. The levels are long and by the end of the game can feel like an endurance test.The game is lacking in the presentation department. The pixel visuals are competent but are not that interesting. They serve the purpose. The soundtrack is forgettable, but it is also subtle enough that it doesn't become annoying.The tight controls and cruel but fair level design is where this game really shines."
,Not Recommended,211260,10823121,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,nsc,"Ok so, this game is about aircombos, spike combos, chaining combo combos, doing air juggle jump slash knockback wall trap combos.There's a lot of combos, I love combos. I love Guacamelee with their crazy quintuple super cancel combos.The big problem is They Bleed Pixels has kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls imo. Which is a huge deal breaker, the whole thing is fairly loose, making it super difficult to pickup imo, and while usually I love doing stupid flashy chain combos ending in sawblades or spike traps, the controls really kill it for me.So while I like the sound of everything that the game is, honestly I feel like I should (and probably you) just play more guacamelee since it's tight and fills the same sort of combo frenzy thing that's going on here."
76561198068106582,Recommended,211260,12220110,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Firespitter2012,"I haven't played much of this game, that's because I hate it.My progress with this game is esentially a reminder of my own incompetence.10/10 would play for another 80 minutes then devour ice cream while crying again."
,Recommended,211260,29645984,Posted: 2 February,all,Glowy McNip,"It was only after spending a third straight hour trying to finish a single level that I realised that the true Lovecraftian genius of this game lies not in the story or art syle, but in the utter despair and helplessness it makes the player feel. 10/10"
,Recommended,211260,17615957,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,12p Ronald,"Ah, after screaming at my monitor for 6 hours I've managed to beat the first playtrough on normal. Then to go for the speedruns, obscenely difficult extra stages and next-to-impossible achievements.. I can hardly wait..The game features brilliant art and soundtrack, Movement and controllability are quite fantastic, although there might be a few issues regarding controller support and adjusting to the character movement (especially wall jumps) might take some time.The difficulty ramps up really quickly, you will die hundreds of times and some stages can take well more than an hour to finish during first playtrhough, certainly if you want to kill every monster, collect all the hidden pages or obtain a high rank by collecting as much blood as possible. I haven't tried the novice difficulty setting, but I imagine it's not quite for a casual player either.All in all the game is very well polished, background music drives you to try harder even when you feel like quitting.. And the violence.. oh, all the ways to dismantle your enemies and make them pay for BLOCKING YOU GODDAMN PATH AGAIN in excitingly innovative and brutal ways.. really helps relief stress you may have acquired while playing.You will probably find yourself coming back to this game time after time you close it and swear to not take another step within that girl's terrible nightmares."
,Not Recommended,211260,28987276,Posted: 3 January,all,Django Corleone,"I love this game. This is pretty dumb, right? You write a negative review saying you love the game? There is a reason though, and a very simple one. But let's talk about the game first.The art style is interesting. Nothing mind-blowing, nothing groundbreaking, nothing spectacular, but it's nice. So is the music, it doesn't get repetitive after the three hours trying to beat one level. The level design isn't flawless but it is great; the game has an interesting checkpoint mechanic, you can carry the checkpoint with you and use it where you see fit, saving your progress and replenishing your health. Should you save too early, you might get stuck with one health later on, and should you wait too long you might die and lose all your progress. But there is no unavoidable damage because of bad level design (hello, The Binding of Isaac), and even when enemies swarm you, there's always a cool combo you can perform to get out of tight spots. The commands aren't irresponsive like in some frustrating platformers with bad PC ports (looking at you, Super Meat Boy), and most of your deaths will be your fault.""Most"". You see, in a platformer where you're supposed to defeat enemies and get past obstacles, timing your movements is everything. Knowing exactly where you'll go if you jump or slide and even how to survive should you make a mistake. But in They Bleed Pixels, the only two types of environmental hazard are not only difficult to deal with. They are unfair. The hit registration for spikes is broken and more often than not you'll take damage for being close to spikes, not touching or falling on them. The sawblades are even worse; it is beyond me to understand why they don't simply instantly kill you, instead of dealing one damage. If you get hit by a sawblade, you'll be launched in a seemingly random direction at such a high speed there is no time to react. Why is this bad? Because the levels are designed to hate you and try to kill you, so enemies and environmental hazards are everywhere, and the moment you're flying helplessly around, you're already dead. There is a chance you won't be launched like that when a sawblade hits you, sure; in that case, it will just trap you against a corner and hit you three times in a row. So thanks to a couple of broken mechanics, skill is not as important as luck in this game. You have to get lucky so a sawblade won't trap you against spikes. You have to get lucky so flying enemies that charge at you won't come from behind another enemy and knock you into a bottomless pit. And that's not to mention that every once in a while a sawblade will come at you super fast from inside a wall, and unless you got superhuman reflexes there is no dodging that. The game is supposed to be hard, not to lay traps you have no way to see coming and cheapshot you.Oh and after grinding to Chapter 3 in one sitting I tried to continue playing only to find my save file was gone and I'd have to play the game all over again. Thanks, developers. Despite the flaws I listed, I wanted to play the game and you ruined my experience. I'd rather go back to Super Meat Boy; as hard as it is and as poorly-responsive the controls can be, at least it tracked my progress."
,Not Recommended,211260,31450740,Posted: 29 April,all,triplebooyah,"Great example of a game that *almost* got it right. Great pixel graphics, so-so soundtrack, aaaaand controls that make you want to put your fist through the screen..."
,Recommended,211260,1884435,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Cootsy,"A very lovely little macabre game. It's a platformer/sidescroller that has a very nice difficulty level. It's not as over the top as Super Meat Boy on difficulty, but it can still be real challenging.Especially if you're a completionist achievement ♥♥♥♥♥ like I am."
,Recommended,211260,33979591,Posted: 2 August,all,Str8 Flexin,"Pros+ Great looking visuals+ Tight controls+ A very unique take on checkpoints. Once your bar is filled up from picking up enough orbs you can stand still just about anywhere (Except near enemies) and make your own checkpoint. Placing it in the right place is also very important. I know Ori has something very similar to this, but I think (Correct me if I'm wrong) this is the first game to have something like this.Cons- Game is so damn hard that it put me off from playing it a lot of times. It's downright cruel, frame perfect, platforming leave NO room for error which alot of times is very overwhelming and off putting. Nothing like getting stuck on a SINGLE section of a level for 30+ mins at a time. Makes me want to bash my head against a wall.Good god this is no joke one of the hardest games I've ever played. This game is truly hellish and I only recommend it to people that truly... I mean TRULY hate themselfs (Like I do). Seriously though, I feel like most people will not like this game, but If you're looking for something on the level ofSuper Meat BoyorI Wanna Be the Guy... Look no further."
76561198008754466,Not Recommended,211260,32113105,Posted: 1 June,all,Rowdy Mouse,"My feelings about this were pretty mixed.The most satisfying thing about the game was the viseral rip-and-tear combat, but the focus of the game is solidly on precision platforming. The large variety of movement options available made getting around pretty satisfying and the level design is all right, but ultimately I found the game more frustrating than challenging.The aesthetic also felt really weak. The music was barely a presence (weird for a game that gives its composer top billing on the start-up screen), every level is aesthetically almost identical, and there's only a handful of uninspired enemies you keep encountering over and over. Given that I thought the feel of movement and combat was the most entertaining thing about the game, a lineup of dull foes was a real buzzkill, especially in a game ostensibly about eldritch monsters that had some cool cut scenes to start off with. The minimal black and white art does make the levels extremely easy to read visually, but I really wanted something more interesting to look at after a while.I also thought the ""place your own checkpoint"" mechanic was a bad decision and added pretty much nothing to the game besides additional frustration when you clear a tricky section without quite enough blood to make a checkpoint, or when you accidentally set up a checkpoint in a really bad place (I locked myself out of backtracking to get special items a couple of times like this).Ultimately this game is probably worth messing around with a bit if you're a huge fan of extremely punishing platformers, but doesn't offer much else."
,Recommended,211260,24434030,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Rezzy,"This game is hard. This game is mean. And the main protagonist is hella cute (Get it? Hell? Demons? ...I'll shut up).So yeah. Characters are cool, story is simple and straightforward, and the gameplay — that one's just mean. This is one of those games that make you want to toss your keyboard and/or mouse or gamepad to the wall, cursing, and then proceed to uninstall it and give it a negative review because 'hsdfghgh crappy controls and the enemies cheet!!1'. Oh, you aren't that sort of a person? Good! Then, this might be just the game for you!So, the gameplay. You only have one weapon, really: the claws (a-and kicking, so I guess that's two different weapons). The environment is full of traps that easily kill you off due to the platforms being too small, too slippery, too... not-where-you-landed. You get the point. Especially after 10 minutes of gameplay and several dozen deaths. Now, the fun part? You can toss and kick your enemies into these traps for extra points! ...and extra gore. That's the main reason, really. Should be, anyway. So, you can utilize your melee attacks to perform cool combos and finishers. You also have a couple extra ways to move: jumping off the wall, and dashing horizontally. You'll be using these a LOT. You'll also be dying a lot while trying to learn to use them, sometimes while avoiding enemies and their attacks while at it.Now, as mentioned, the game is really hard and punishing. The checkpoint system is pretty neat, though: after gaining enough score, you may drop a checkpoint anywhere you want (except next to traps), so the farther you go and the bigger risk you take, the easier it will be for you from then on, were you to die (NOTE: for perfectionists and scoreboarders: you get extra points if you just keep the checkpoint gauge filled and continue that way). Now, most will likely end up just trying to clear the levels. That's okay, the game is hard enough as is. But for each level, you have these badges: get all collectibles, get enough score, get MORE score, clear the level within a certain time limit... and clear the level without dying. So even if you are confident in your abilities, you'll be spending a LOT of time with this game. The latest update, not aaaall that long ago, added in a few more extra levels, too, one of which... ugh. Bad memories. Let's just say: don't underestimate this game.If you want a good platformer, real challenges, (and a cute eldritch protagonist girl!) — it's time to make them monsters bleed some pixels. And now, after that update I already mentioned, they now bleed even more pixels!"
,Recommended,211260,34578940,Posted: 29 August,all,Revya,"This game goes from ""People say this game is hard?"" and ""Looks quite easy to me"" to ""♥♥♥♥ing hell"" and ""Who the ♥♥♥♥ designed this game?"" pretty fast.Do not play this game if you are the rager-type gamer.I like this game though."
76561198027328817,Not Recommended,211260,20429748,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,hallowedbethygame,"Nope. Bought this game on a whim a while ago because it looked like a difficult platformer, and I'm crazy, so I love that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyway, I spent a little bit of time with it and I hate it. Can't even bring myself to finish it, which is the first time I've ever done that with a Steam game.The first problem was that I couldn't even get the game to start. After some fiddling, I found out I had to lower my computer's resolution to 1024x768 just to get the game to work. Trying to change the in-game resolution to 1920x1080 did nothing, as the game suddenly stopped recognizing input from my Xbox controller after I switched it and it asked me to press A before it reverted back to 1024x768. Goodie.But technical problems aside, I'll tell you why I really hate the game. It's not the art, the music, or the level design. It's the controls and core gameplay mechanics. If you're going to make a difficult 2D platformer, the first thing you have to do is nail the controls. In this kind of game, if you don't have good controls, you have nothing. I'm going to use Super Meat Boy as an example, because in my opinion that's the most comparable and best indie 2D platformer not called Limbo.Super Meat Boy is an example of a 2D platformer done right. Tough as nails, but the difficulty comes from the level design, not the controls. The basic control mechanics are very simple and work well. Meat Boy moves, hold a button and he runs, he jumps, he slides down a wall if he's pressed against it, and he can jump off a wall. Simple. Meat Boy can have extreme lateral jumping movement, but once you get the feel for it, you're in control.My entire time playing They Bleed Pixels, I felt like I wasn't in control. You can double jump in this game, starting either from the ground or from a wall. But there were so many times when I would jump off a wall and press A to jump again, only to have my character not jump and fall to her death. This caused me great confusion and I figured out that it was because I pushed the thumbstick away from the wall a split second before I pressed the jump button, causing my character to come off the wall without me noticing before I jumped. Because you can only jump once when you're already in the air, I pressed the jump button, thinking I was jumping off the wall and that I had another one at my disposal, but in actuality, I was using my only in-air jump. Meat Boy only has one jump, which you can only do from a surface. But wall jumping in Meat Boy never causes this problem, because the designer implemented a half a second of delay in pushing the thumbstick away from the wall before Meat Boy actually comes off the wall. It's such a simple tweak, but it makes all the difference in the world, especially when half your game is jumping off walls.The other big problem in They Bleed Pixels is that about half of the ground surfaces in the game are ""icy"", meaning you slide across them. The sheer number of these surfaces in the game is annoying enough; if you want to have a special section or two that has this, no problem, but it's literally throughout every level. To make matters worse, they don't even act like an icy surface in every other platformer ever made. In a normal platformer, you slide across an icy surface at a speed that matches your momentum. Eventually you'll start to slow down. If you try to move in the other direction while sliding, it will take an extra second or two to get your footing. If you maneuver the thumbstick properly, you can slow to a dead stop on the ice. Sound familiar? They Bleed Pixels chooses to handle this mechanic in a completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way: You can slow down on the ice, but you can never completely stop, meaning if you're on an icy surface, you're always moving, so you have little time to decide where to go to next; if you jump straight up and fall straight down onto an icy surface with no sideways momentum, you will immediately slide at a quick speed in whichever direction you're facing upon landing. Again, these are very simple control issues that needed to be fixed before this game was released.The checkpoint system is also ridiculous. You have a checkpoint meter that fills up when you kill enemies or collect orbs, and when it's full, you can lay down a checkpoint wherever you want. And what button do you press to lay your checkpoint? None! That's right, this game automatically does it for you after you stand still for a few seconds. But it won't lay the checkpoint down if there are any enemies or environmental hazards around you. Purple energy grows out of you in a circle to check your surroundings, and if the energy touches anything, it won't lay it down. The problem is there are always enemies and environmental hazards around you, considering the enemies chase you throughout the entire level. So while you're busy fighting enemies and trying to survive, this annoying purple glow keeps pulsing out of you and telling you that you can't use your checkpoint. This do-it-yourself checkpoint system devolves into only being able to lay down the checkpoint in special areas that purposely have no hazards or enemies. So why not have your checkpoint be a flag in one of these areas like every other game?Anyway, difficulty in a game should come from navigating clever level designs and enemy encounters, not wrestling with the poor gameplay mechanics and systems.tl;dr This game is almost as bad as Gone Home."
76561198054185157,Not Recommended,211260,10810260,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Bruce Leet - Gwynbleidd,"The game tries to hard to be hard yet doesnt have the same rewarding feeling as games like Super Meat Boy and I Want to Be the Guy once you complete a level. Rather than being satisfied and content with myself once I am able to beat a certain level I am thinking more ""Thank god this is finally over.""The combat system seems cool at first but is lack luster and not fully fleshed out as all of your attacks are on bound to one button and the controls feel sticky at times making you feel like it is more the games fault when you die as opposed to your own.Also the ""Slippery"" floors are so poorly implemented into the game I almost quit on the second level, you try to hit an enemy but end up bouncing when you touch a wall, a saw, or an enemy and you end up dying because it is almost impossible to stop yourself once you get in this bouncy loop!The difficulty scaling on the game goes from semi tough to God damnit this♥♥♥♥♥♥is ridiculous from the 1 level into the second making you wonder why you are still playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥P.S. I do intend to play more of this game and hopefully it gets better but it has left a very sour taste in my mouth as it had potential to be much more than it is, which right now is a bunch of poorly implemented mediocrity."
,Not Recommended,211260,11185337,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,RadioactiveMoth,"Either my keyboard sucks or these controls suck. My keyboard doesn't suck. Everything else is fantastic, though."
76561198117110743,Not Recommended,211260,24624232,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jirt,"Really, I liked the rest of this game, but when you make an enemy which has flight, teleportation, a solid body (making it able to block players from platforming), the ability to move (and attack) through walls, a ton of health, and put SEVEN of them at the end of a level, you've lost my trust. It isn't challenging, it isn't entertaining, it's cheap.Also, the game encourages mixing up attacks with basic enemies, but since knife imps can block frame-perfectly, ghosts aren't stunned by attacks, and squids keep their distance, the best way to kill them is to spam the dive attack."
,Recommended,211260,7564056,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,pöök,"In They Bleed Pixels, play as a troubled young girl-turned-crustacean who, while browsing the student library, stumbles upon an old tome covered in spaghetti sauce. Need I say more? This game nets a solid 10/10 to a 0/10, depending on a number of things including but not limited to, your like/dislike of spaghetti sauce and how much you care about books. Decide for yourself."
,Recommended,211260,7514807,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Squire Grooktook,"Fantastic action platformer that blends precision platforming with beat em up melee combat.The level designs are great, they have a sense of vastness, but they're not too long and end while still fun. The simple melee combat adds variety and blends with the platforming, as it forces you to use the environment to your advantage to kill enemies. The challenge level is also just right. It's tight enough so that every action feels involved and precise, but you're always able to improvise.You can play it in a lot of ways too. You can play it with infinite respawn checkpoints that you earn and place by killing enemies. For more excitement, you can try no death runs of each stage, which is a completely different experience. If you want competition, you can play for score or speed runs (the game has separate leaderboards for each).This is one of my favorite action platformers of all time. It has massive depth, challenge, and variety. It's exciting, and has great atmosphere. Highly recommended."
76561197993771670,Recommended,211260,1493847,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,108 minutes in-orbit,"Blood, violence, tentacles and butthurt are guaranteed."
76561197996604397,Recommended,211260,26635797,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Uncertified Anvil,Solid controls yet hard as balls.A little bit like Super Meat Boy with combat.
,Recommended,211260,25025336,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,aids,Things you need to properly play They Bleed Pixels:1. A computer2. A gamepad3. A noose
76561198120497096,Recommended,211260,24664109,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,whitey75,Try using a controller- it will make you want to kill yourself a little less.
,Recommended,211260,26300582,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BlueSheep123,"This is one of those games that are infuriatingly difficult; however, once you pass a hard section or level, you'll feel extremely relieved and strive to do more."
,Recommended,211260,2272643,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Pan Dimensional Being,"The movement controls work perfectly and the single button attacks are surprisingly complicated.There's no drop off in difficulty as it progresses and it remains fun throughout.Also there is a very odd, but intriguing story. If you enjoy hack 'n' slash platformers I definitely recommend this one.Especially if you like the idea of a young girl slicing things apart and getting covered in blood. You weirdo."
,Recommended,211260,3732145,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,Menacia,"Great precision plattformer with a twist, that is a nice one-button combat system that allows for some awesome combos. It's rewarding for speedruns, super combos, no-death-runs and exploration. Quite challenging but a savepoint system that allows one to save where one wants, once one has collected enough drops o'blood, let'S everyone play this to one's style (of course you'll get a bonus if you don't save in a level at all). Overall, a great experience for anybody with some love for the genre."
76561198039604479,Recommended,211260,22095808,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Sodden Squire,"TL;DR Version:  Understand that you are not going to play this game for a complex story. Or a great reward at the end. You are going to play this for the feeling of acomplishment after being done with this game. Because honestly- that's the best thing you'll get.Long Version:...............F.uck you, Spooky Squid Games. F.uck you for that ending level- I never raged so hard at a game before...................But god damnit is this a great game.They Bleed Pixels (AKA PIS5! CUN7! B1TCH! AAAAASS!) is a platforming game developed by Spooky Squid Games heavily influenced by lovecraftian horror (please take notice that the reviewer has never read any of H.P. Lovecraft's books) and old hard as balls NES games. To quote a review of Dark Souls: ""You will DIE. A LOT.""Story follows a young unnamed girl who I named Lily (why? I don't know honestly, it kind of fits to me), who's dropped at ""Lafcadio Academy for Troubled Young Ladies"" private school. One day Lily finds a weird book in the library, and begins to read it in the evening. In her following dreams she dreams of being a weird demon hybrid of herself disfiguring other monsters in worlds like out of the head of H.P. Lovecraft. However, in the morning she finds that her dreams are starting to affect her. I won't tell more about the story, but let me tell you, don't expect any MGS or Mass Effect depth of story.Gameplay consists of the dreams Lily finds herself in. While her control scheme might seem really simple at the beginning, you'll find (either to your aproval or disaproval) that the difficulty of the game is not at all in the controls, but in player's SKILL of using them and the ENVIROMENT around you.The levels will start out relatively easy, but will end up being hard as all hell unleashed (especially the last level. OH GOD THAT LAST LEVEL...).The checkpoint mechanic in the game is really neat: your combos and points you gather throughout the levels fill up a special meter at your disposal. When full, you can make your OWN checkpoints anywhere... AS LONG as it is on solid ground, and in a certain distance from enemies or traps.Other than that, this game does NOT hold your hand: traps differ from short spikes that take away one of three hit points you have per life, long INSTA-KILL spikes, to buzzsaws that are annoying when there's one but are complete and f.ucking AS.SHOLES in groups.Enemies come in four/five types (the game does not give them names so I made up my own [EDIT: THE GAME DOES GIVE THEM NAMES IN THE ACHIEVEMNTS]):Walkers: slow guys that attack you with extendable blades and block after you hit them a few times. Around 6-8 HP, not sure.Squids: small flying squids that charge you like bullets. Annoying during hard platforming sections. 1 HP.Gremlins: little guys armed with either swords or bombs. 1 HPBomb variant: Suicide bombers. They charge you and try to explode close to you so they can blow you up. Can be useful in fights to kill more enemies at once.Sword variant: these guys are hard to kill, and are never a good sign, ESPECIALLY in small corridors where you can't jump. Best disposal method is to jump and use the downards attack while they are on the ground. The problem is that they know this attack as WELL, and love to use it. Only positive thing about them is their low HP.Samara: oh god no. This ghost with long hair is here to do one thing, and one thing only: RUIN YOUR EFFIN' DAY. She is relentless, can fly through walls, has 7 HP, and teleports if you attack her with more than two times in a row. Method of survival: find a piece of ground without traps, and deal with her on ground. YOU CANNOT KILL HER IN AIR. I TRIED. AND THE DAMN LAST LEVEL OF THE GAME MAKES YOU FIGHT THREE OF THEM IN A ROW, WHILE CLINGING TO A WALL OVER A PIT OF F.UCKING BUZZSAWS AND SPIKES. WITHOUT A CHECKPOINT. GOOD LUCK AS.SHOLE.A nice thing is that levels actually resemble their respective background- for example, one level looks like a giant grandfather clock from the inside- huge gears and such. The actual platforms you'll be jumping on will be gears as well. And this counts for all levels. Nice detail.The game offers two difficulties- Novice, which is kind of the same as Normal, but with the exception that you can't access the last level of the game (AND FOR GOOD REASONS), and you only have to finish the level in order to move on.Normal difficulty. That's where the shi.ts at. Only here will your progress be tracked, and only here can you get achievents for such things as combos, enemies killed with one attack, etc. Here you can access the last level (which I mentioned a few times already). Here you also get an optional objective: collect the secret Book of Blades pages scattered throughout the level (6/level). At the beggining, like with the levels themselves, they are... well not easy but let's say not as hard as it may seem. But later... The first problem is that sometimes you run through a level, realize you do not have 2-3 pages, and your initial reaction is ""WHERE IN THE DAMN HELL COULD THEY BE!?!?"". Yes, sometimes, even finding them can be hard. And in the later levels, getting them is not a challenge anymore- it's a damn suicide mission.I have to mention the last level.OH. MY. GOD. If you are not prepared, this level will F.UCKING DESTROY YOUR MIND. It will throw every obstacle you had to endure at you, with a god damn fighting marathon at the end. AND THAT'S NOT EVEN THE HARDEST PART. THE HARDEST PART IS THE ONE WITH THE ELEVATING PLATFORM SHORTLY BEFORE IT- IT MADE ME RAGE SO HARD, I LITTERALLY ALMOST RIPPED MY HAIR OUT IN FRUSTRATION.BUT GOD DAMN IT IS IT A GREAT GAME.This is one of the games that gives you the determination to go on, to try just one more time, and never give up. The kind of game that makes you celebrate just getting through a tough part. The kind of game that makes you sattisfied with your relentlessness at the end of the level. The moment I finished that god forsaken level was one of the best moments I ever experienced in a game.The pixel art and graphics are really great and original, one of the best I've seen in a while.The music is awesome and I'm considering buying the OST, although it's not my type of music....Sigh... But do I recommend this game?I want to, I REALLY WANT TO... but this is a kind of game that only the hardcore fans of platforming will enjoy. Altough I fell in love with the game, I can't deny my rage that made me ragequit several times before finishing it.... But I finished it. Two times in fact.(both difficulties) I can't say that about other games I like more and don't frustrate me as much....I RECOMMEND IT.Understand that you are not going to play this game for a complex story. Or a great reward at the end. Or some epic boss fight at the end (No bosses in this game). YOU are going to play this game, so that when you are done, you can pat yourself on the back and say ""I beat They Bleed Pixels."". No great celebration. No big reward. Only you. Your pc. and the glorious feeling of acomplishment after beating that god forsaken final level.I realise that I haven't said everything about the game (Concept art unlocks, Bonus levels...), but It's currently 2:12 AM in my country, and I just finished the game, and felt the need to write this review.Great job Spooky Squid Games. But seriously- F.UCK you for that last levelThey Bleed Pixels: 8/10Now if you'll excuse me, my bed is calling me. AND I BETTER NOT BE GOD DAMN CTHULHU WHEN I WAKE UP!!!"
,Recommended,211260,11075053,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,sorathecrow,"This game is a lot like Dark Souls in that it will kick your butt 100 times over, but you'll always feel responsible for your mistakes.  You'll never feel like the game is overly punishing you for your mishaps, and after each one it picks you up, dusts you off, and pushes you off the cliff once again.It will totally screw up your blood pressure though--fair warning."
,Recommended,211260,23405788,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Neon Henchman,"An interesting game, but only for the more hardcore platformer fans.I really want to like this game.  The gameplay, although easy to pick up and play, is rather complex due to its scoring and combo system and the level design does offer a lot of challenge.  Despite that however, it can be as difficult as you'd want it to be, as you can make a checkpoint just about anywhere, given you have enough blood to do so, making it a bit more accessible to a broader audience.  As for the art style, even though it uses the overused pixel graphics, it's still pretty and there are unique themes for each and every levels, along with their own musics, erasing some redundancy.I did like its challenge, but there are some things that are recurrent and that I don't like at all, mostly the blind deaths.  There are times where you'd have to go onto moving platforms, but you wouldn't know when it decides to go into spikes and saws, and there are some blind jumps of faith.  There were also some annoyances with the weird controls, mostly the character's floaty jumps, which might be because I was too scrub, but she's really weird in midair, thus she incessantly bumps into saws, and said saws launch you at random speeds and directions, which pretty much means instant death anyway.Despite these issues, I'm sure that the aforementioned platformer fans would brush off these and still get a load of fun out of it.  It's still a very competent and fun game."
,Recommended,211260,21795350,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,somebody336,"They Bleed Pixels is a 2D Action/Platformer in where we take control of a young orphan girl that finds a mysterious book which slowly begins to transform her into a monster. She is then transported to a world within the book in where there are other monsters all wanting to kill you. Being a monster now, the girl is just as capable of brutally murdering them as they are at harming her. You have a basic attack, a dash attack and a kick that sends enemies flying through the air. You'll rarely just be button mashing as this game is more about using the hazards in the environment to your advantage rather than actual combat with your foes. Killing them in stylish ways will earn you more points which in turn will fill up your checkpoint meter that will allow you to place a checkpoint at a safe place of your choosing by simply standing still for a few seconds when the meter is full.The real threat to you will be the environments as this nightmare world is filled to the brim with pointy objects like spike and floating saw blades. Usually you are able to take three hits before death from whatever harms you unless you fall on a spike and are impaled. Saw blades will be your worst foes as their hit-boxes are rather large and being scraped by one will send you bouncing all around the place like if you were a pinball, annoyingly enough. Starting up the game you have the options of picking either Normal or Novice difficulty. Novice difficulty makes the game far easier as well as removes the leader-boards, most of the games collectibles and the final mission of the game won't be accessible in this mode. Normal is far more difficult than it implies and I was happy just being able to get through a level, much less worry about collecting any of the secret pages or other collectibles set in hard to reach locations.They Bleed Pixels is an extremely hard game and even if it only continues 11 missions in the story mode it will take you longer than you may expect as you cover the stage in your blood as you die repeatedly. There are no lives or anything of the sort so you are free to try as much as you like and with the addition of being able to set checkpoints wherever you please you'd think it would be a simple task but nothing can be further from the truth. Setting checkpoints requires quite a large area for it to be considered as a safe place to set it, though even immovable saw-blades can deem an area unsafe causing you to pinpoint just the right angle which seems a bit unnecessary. You can exit the game at any time and the next time you choose that level you can load up on the last checkpoint that you set meaning that you can rage quit a level without losing any progress but the leader-boards will be disabled now.As you fight and maim your way across the level blood will be spraying everywhere from your defeated foes. The blood in this game is plentiful and will splatter across the environments in a satisfying fashion. Unfortunately the combat system itself is rather abysmal. All the attacks are tied to one button for some reason and accidentally triggering the dash attack was the lead cause of my death throughout. Even then it just doesn't feel right as it is difficult to connect your attacks and when you stay your ground it is impossible to harm them as you default to harmless kicks which can be problematic when there are no hazards to toss them to or when you are fighting a more powerful foe. Other than the basic enemies with stretchable limbs you will also be facing ghosts which can obviously phase through the environments, flying foes that will hurl themselves toward you and a short fella that jumps around with a giant blade. There is a lot of variety within the enemies which is no doubt a good thing but with the combat system in this game it is just a painfully awkward to face them.In a game that requires pinpoint precision and has everything placed in a way to kill you stopping to fumble about with an enemy really breaks the flow. After finishing three levels you are rewarded with a cut-scene that reveals more of the story as well as gives you a key in which you can unlock some fan art in the extras menu. The story is there just for the sake of it and doesn't really add or detract from the game. In the extras menu you will find 150 badges that challenge you to do certain things and will take quite a while to complete if you are into that kind of thing, a decent amount of really nice fan art to unlock and five extra levels to play through. These levels are quite different visually from the normal campaign ones and are pretty well done.Music is pretty solid across the board though I personally found none of it to be particularly memorable. Graphics are pretty simple with all the environments just being black blocks but having a different background each level so it doesn't get stale. The camera is just right and you never feel cheated due to something you didn't see coming. All in all it is a good game that is sure to challenge even the most hardened of gamers. It will constantly have you wanting to punch something but it is fair enough that it will keep you playing for “one more try”. While the combat part of They Bleed Pixels is sub-par, kicking an enemy into a saw-blade and watching the blood physics work their magic is impressive enough to make it less of a hassle. If you are looking to grow some gray hairs or brag about your gaming skills this would be an excellent title to do so."
,Recommended,211260,11101721,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Solly,"I quite lkike this game. It's fun, challenging and entertaining, however no cheeply so. If you make a mistake it eassily allows you to go back to your last checkpoint to start again, and everything I've come across within the game has been more than do-able, however tricky it may have been. Overall a very fun game."
,Not Recommended,211260,10809469,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,FirePhox,"This game...is awful, the controls are terrible, the level design is horrendous. It almost made me punch my monitor out of frustration. The trailer made the game look really good and worthwhile, but it just all comes down to a steaming pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The enemies are very annoying, most of them very small and very fast, making them very hard to it. Making the kick and slicing the same button is not the right way to do this. There's more than 2 buttons on the front of the controller, LIKE THAT NOT ENOUGH TO WORK WITH?!!! Jesus H. Christ!"
,Recommended,211260,22770858,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MrJibs,"This game made me want to punch my monitor, but it's good."
76561198075565561,Not Recommended,211260,17049743,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Gypsy Thunder,"Do you remember that level that designers for some reason consider obligatory in every platformer? You know, the one you really hate? The ice level, I mean. The one where you slide on the special surfaces that make up 90% of the level, making it a tedious endeavour that makes success seem to have less correlation with player skill than player patience. And you know that one leap of faith they'd make you take in some old Nintendo games, to fluff out gametime by making you play a level over if you died in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t way? How it's completely unnecessary to fluff gametime like that today, when most people have a large collection of games and don't need each one to last a year til the next Christmas or Chanuka, when they get a new game, so it's just frustrating?This entire game is that ice level, and is full of those leaps of faith. The ""you can put a checkpoint anywhere"" mechanic is also completely worthless because past the tutorial there are only periodic obvious places specifically made to place checkpoints on spaced apart just far enough to get enough points to place a checkpoint, so it doesn't even have that going for it.The only positive thing I have to say about this sloppy piece of poorly-designed trash is that the graphics are very cute and the animations are slick."
,Recommended,211260,29203717,Posted: 12 January,all,sarysa,"One sentence summary: Super Meat Boy meets beat em up, They Bleed Pixels is a tough, but fair, challenging game.They Bleed Pixels is a somewhat difficult game. Coming from someone who lacks the patience for games like IWBTG, I didn't have any problems with it at all. The controls are fluid (I use an iBuffalo SNES controller clone) and the one button combat works surprisingly well. The gameplay is not kaizo...someone far more skilled than I could beat levels on their first try without dying. Checkpoints are easy to make (especially if you're good with combos) and not creating checkpoints nets you huge score bonuses. There are also optional tutorials that not only teach the basics, but allow you to learn how to combat the later monsters.The one button combat isn't quite as described, as direction keys also factor in. Various mixes of direction keys with button taps and holds produce different attacks -- the stronger attacks being zero damage knockback attacks. The scenery plays an important role in combat as finishing off enemies with an environmental hazard doubles your final multiplier for that kill. All in all, I think the system could have benefitted from a second button as the ""kick"" attack can be easily be botched by the player's own adrenaline. (the horizontal kick attack becomes very important in the final levels)As for graphics and sound, the graphics are simple but functional. The gothic/lovecraftian look works well, the comic stylized cutscenes match the atmosphere, and the main criticism might be the lack of artistic variation. The SFX are solid and the ""music"" is atmospheric rather than melodic...meaning that it's forgettable, but it gets the job done.Overall, despite being labeled as ""difficult"", this game is suitable for most skill levels. The combat requires a clear head and thinking things through more than split second button mashing. The game's systems give players the means and incentives to meaningfully scale the difficulty on their own. The designers clearly have a sense of self-imposed challenges common to early games. They Bleed Pixels is a model of fantastic game design."
,Not Recommended,211260,11179314,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Lizking,"Most of the difficulty from this game comes from the fact that the controls simply do not work well.  Movement feels sloppy, for lack of a better term.  On ""stable"" surfaces, you slide small amounts, but just enough to screw you up.  On deliberately slippery surfaces, (of which there is no shortage) you accelerate extremely rapidly, but slowing down or changing direction is disproportionatly difficult.  Jump controls are adequate.  What really ruins the game, though, is the combat.  The combat controls are unintuitive, and all attacks are needlessly condensed into one button.  You'll find yourself performing dash attacks into spikes when you meant to simply perform a melee attack, because the input for a melee attack is to hold a directional button and tap the attack button, whereas the input for a dash attack is to tap a direction and attack at the same time.  In a game that requires delicate platformining in conjunction with delicate combat, this kind of assignment is just frustrating in a ""♥♥♥♥ this, I have better platformers to play"" way.  And it's not like there is some kind of technical constraint requiring this; pretty much every PC controller made in the last 10 years has at least 4 face buttons.If the game was purely a platformer, it would have been great.  If they had split up the combat controls, the game could have been great.  If they had just split the levels into clearly defined platforming and combat sections, the game could have been amazing.  Instead, it's disappointingly frustrating because the challenge is in overcoming the horrible way input is handled, rather than challenges presented by the environment.The game is very nice aesthetically.  The music and environments are both very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,211260,10912283,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,⌠SLIB⌡,Couldn't deal with the controls long enough to learn them properly. Looked like fun from the videos but the controls have it nearly unplayable. It uses two buttons for everyting. One buttont for two kinds of attacks. Would not reccomend.
,Not Recommended,211260,10055322,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,endalivar,"[This review comes from having experienced the game with a keyboard, I've since been told that using a controller makes the experience more palatable. An easier difficulty setting has also been added ]This is a painful yet beautiful game to play.From my point of view (and im the kind of guy that will be choosing the high difficulties on most of games) this game has an ultra challenging level design that in combination with not too refined controls make the potential nice experience of the game that can be experienced on the first levels vanish fast.There are some other precision plataforming levels that are just plain better and, in my opinion, this game fails when trying to take too much from them.For instance you have things like ""I wanna be the guy"" wich are blatantly made just for the sake of being annoying. That being his purpose you can just go into this game with no self exigence at all.On the other hand, Super Meat Boy is an exigent game that is fair at the same time (and avoid stress masterfully because you dont lose much when dying).This game just tries to seriously defy you but fails to make it a consistent and acceptable journeyThe enemies are somewhat ok; while very interesting and challenging they dont get to the point of being overwhelming. BUT the game gets to the point of being stupid when the mechanics and the level design collide.You need to do precise jumps when your every move will be abysmally diffrent on a minimal input diffrence. Not only that, but all the game is full of sliding platforms that apply that to its maximun, to the point of it being almost a gamble when you have to use them. Sincerely, the game would be really better if only one of these issues would have been eased a bit.Other thing that bothers me to no end is that feature that the game has. Once you get enough points (making them bleed ofc), your character will create a checkpoint when standing still and empty the bar to get another one. Sounds cool right? well, if you are a player like me, its not. Not only the character will try to make a checkpoint every time you stand still, having to hold down to avoid this and making painful to stop for a sec to thing about your next step. Also, if it is your first playthrough you might end up creating checkpoints on very wrong places that could have been not so hard to avoid, and making reach the next safe zone a torture.But that's not what i hate the most about that system. What I absolutely dislike the most is that the character will try to create checkpoints even where they cannot be done like sliding platforms, moving ones, or zones full with saws, that are there just for the sake of avoiding you to create one, witch is not bad, but will not stop the character from trying. This makes stoping even for one fraction of a second a very bad idea, since it will affect your movement, and in a game where your movement is already biased, thats bad newsOn other note, the music is great and the art is really good (if you know what to expect of a cute-lovecraftian-pixel style) and i am really sad about not liking the gameplay because it is very evident that a lot of work was put into it to bring it to the point that it is now, but i can not agree with the choices.Pick this one only if you are really interested on really pesky challenges (if you are a mechanical monster i want to see you speedruning this though)Summary: this is Hardcore, but not sure if the right kind of hardcore.PS: i will end it, because i am stubborn, but think twice before starting this game."
76561198002124849,Recommended,211260,29907688,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Very fun, unique platform/action game with minor issues.My personal experience was overall positive, though I got stuck and couldn't progress due to a platforming bug near the end of the game. The precision required on some of the levels is extremely frustrating, and while I'm not the greatest game player of all time, I was certain I was performing everything correctly, but the character would either smack into an invisible wall and fall down a pit and die or overshoot the platform entirely -- after thirty tries or so, I gave up.Your mileage may vary, but overall a solid experience."
76561198018775820,Recommended,211260,22908306,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,gourry.gabrief,"Very fun and reactive platform game. I was expecting something really hard, like dustforce (except for its very easy beginner levels), but I could progress without much problem. I started to struggle only at chapter 4. The checkpoint system and the good controls makes it fun instead of frustrating. Like Super Meat Boy, it's a game you get better with your own skills (no ingame power up, only you get better). I really like the cute gothic cartoon style, pixel or not, combined with the gore Lovecraftian background.About the controls, there are however some times where the game doesn't feel responsive. I can't tell if it's my pad, my system or the game itself (which purposely punish those who spam the buttons, and it's a good idea), but I died lot of times at some places because I didn't jump even though I pressed the button. For the attacks, it's a bit random which one is triggered but I guess I'm still learning.The soundtrak is very enjoyable, and of course very 8-16 bits like.Overall I have a very positive impression of this game. Those who like super meat boy will most probably like this one too."
,Recommended,211260,23033207,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SmaugBaggins,"One of the best Indie Platformers I have ever played. I absolutelly love the combo system It makes kill feel really satisfying, The Sprite work is really nice and clean and the level design in amazing. Steam says i have 5 hours on it but i have played atleast 32-48 hours offline also. It is well worth the money you pay for it if you enjoy platformers."
76561198063034174,Recommended,211260,11100964,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mrs. Cancerpants,"Amazing soundtrack, great and fun rage gameplay, what more is there to say!Now that I'm done. I don't know if I should be happy or cry."
,Recommended,211260,10651728,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,fia,THIS HAS GOT TO BE THE HARDEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. IT'S LIKE THAT ONE HARD PART IN A GAME THAT YOU CAN'T SEEM TO BEAT. EXCEPT THAT'S HE WHOLE GAME. SERIOUSLY. IN THE SECOND LEVEL I ENDED UP DYING WELL OVER 100 TIMES. SECOND. LEVEL.THE THIRD LEVEL TOOK ME OVER A WEEK TO BEATBECAUSE IT'S ONE OF THOSE GAMES WHERE IF YOU DON'T JUMP AT THE RIGHT TIME OR YOU DON'T JUMP FAR ENOUGH OR YOU DON'T MOVE FAST ENOUGHYOU DIEDO NOT PLAY THIS IF YOU WANT TO REMAIN A CALM PERSON
,Recommended,211260,5662881,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Cloudi,"Difficult as ♥♥♥♥ yet fun combat platformer. Great music, excellent level design. I reccommend it to anyone looking for a challenge without the BS of I Wanna Be The Guy."
,Recommended,211260,7834826,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,REVOLVER OCELOT,"This game have very cool gothic style, and 8-bit music and pixels makes this game even awesomer."
76561198079730701,Recommended,211260,24736566,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GalaxyZero,"I think the stomach acids are starting to melt my skin due to stress and I think I'm internally bleeding, but hey, it's only pixels right?"
,Recommended,211260,4230648,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,BlueX,"""Well-crafted platforming bloodfeast"". Plays great, looks gorgeous. Well spent money."
,Recommended,211260,34850358,Posted: 9 September,all,BlueAura,"""A fiendishly difficult action platformer inspired by H.P. Lovecraft and classic horror."", I don't think I could describe the game much better than that.Primarily I divide the game into two main categories, level completion and level challenges.Level completionis pretty self-explanatory, just finish the level.  There'll be animated cutscenes, enemies, and DEATHS.  There's no time limit, no requirement to obtain the hidden collectibles, and your rank is irrelevant.  It's the easiest and shortest option that should give you about 9-10 hours of total playtime including the extra levels.Level challengesare completely different, forEVERY SINGLE LEVELyou'll be required to kill all enemies, obtain all pages, get A ranks, S ranks, beat the level without dying, and speedrun the level (in no particular order).  From what I understand this doesn't actually unlock anything new for you to try, it's just an extra challenge if you found the game fun and want to master it.  I'm sitting at 100 achievements at 24 hours and would imagine getting a full 100% would take 40 or more.  The real masochism in this game lies mostly in finishing the extra levels whilst attempting these challenges, they're significantly longer and harder than the campaign levels.The controls are... alright.  At times they felt a bit clunky but the game never felt unresponsive or dropped any inputs.  If you get used to it the game will be fun.  The music is good too, it lies in an area in-between almost catchy and somewhat atmospheric.  It fits the game design well while remaining understated so as not to distract you whilst playing.  If forever reason you particularly enjoy it you can get the $5 DLC of the 2 hour OST in it's entirety with FLAC audio (very high-quality).Every now and again this goes on sale for $2, put the game on your wishlist and you'll get notified when it goes on sale.  Although if you at least plan on finishing the base game it's worth the full price too in my opinion."
76561198261533182,Recommended,211260,20601305,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,JH,i wish i had hands like that so i can enjoy delicious shish kebabs without dirtying up dishes
,Recommended,211260,23496449,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Xiaoqiao6199,Best speed running game for low spec computer user10/10
,Recommended,211260,26408874,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,"Charles Stiles, Mystery Melon","This games easy come on in, nothing could go wrong, it's just a platformer with combat how difficult could it be ;) (on sale it's like $2 just get it)"
76561198046349999,Recommended,211260,31846850,Posted: 19 May,all,your mother,"This is my favorite game ever.  For the record, I played it without listening to it with podcasts in the background, which is the only way I play games.  It's very difficult and rewarding, and the atmosphere is very enjoyable.  Each level has a slightly different aesthetic, depending on how the protagonist tried to get rid of the book the day before.  The level designs often match the aesthetic as well.  It's always a pleasure to look at, and it keeps you wanting to see what the next level will be like.  The levels stay unique and extremely hard through the whole game.  There are only a few types of enemy, but they are used along with the stage in a lot of different ways, and they're always hard to deal with.  Most parts will take a lot of tries to beat.  Of course, it can be extremely frustrating, unless this is exactly what you want from it.  If this sounds good to you, definitely play it."
,Recommended,211260,7391049,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Spooky Christian Family Fun,"Indie as ♥♥♥♥, holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This is what ""indie"" has been meta for."
,Recommended,211260,7727435,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,fezir,"Highly recommended if you're looking to get high blood pressure or an aneurysm.  Don't play without a controller unless you enjoy Hulk-like episodes of rage, which are slightly mitigated by the use of a controller.  The first few levels are good, but I can't comment on the rest as I can't get that far."
76561198111511218,Recommended,211260,22503904,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Reverse Equinox,Fun and challenging game!
,Recommended,211260,811528,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"It's like Super Meat Boy with added combat. The combat works really well and it is extremely satisfying as you kick enemies into spikes. The moveable save system is a great addition as well. You get to save where you want, when you want (as long as your sigil meter is full). Other than that, it's one tough platformer. I like it ![Rating: 86/100]"
,Recommended,211260,849564,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,tcookc,"crisp platforming mechanics make this game feel like super meat boy lite, but TBP is able to incorporate some satisying combat.+ perfectly responsive controls+ fast-paced action+ challenging but rarely frustratingscore = 4.5/5"
,Recommended,211260,1417921,"Posted: 27 September, 2012",all,Marcivo(),The most fun I've had trimming my teeth with fingernail clippers in years.
76561198031759921,Recommended,211260,4082296,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,kronos_kun,Blood covered moe? What's not to love?
,Recommended,211260,1426654,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,KennyRules,It's like Super Meat Boy with a dash of Smash Bros. It's amazing.
76561197972821886,Recommended,211260,22000549,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,One_jedi_army,"It's a really good but also brutaly hard game. If you like a challenge, this is for you.It works with the Xbox controller, but you have to turn on the controller befor you start the game."
,Not Recommended,211260,29198446,Posted: 11 January,all,Loli Saurus Rex,"First off the art is very nice looking which was why i brought it and i like hard and challenge games.But this game is hard because of the really awful controls it has.Really sluggish response times, only one attack button which there should be more to allow for more fluid combos.15 minutes of game play was saddly all i could take. If the controls are ever fixed i would change my review but until then noty"
,Recommended,211260,23470240,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dankleberg,"Do you like a challenge? Do you like platforming? Do you like Lovecraftian themes? If you said yes to two out of these three questions, than this is a game for you. They Bleed Pixels is one of the more challenging games I have played before, and that is just on the Normal setting. But the challenge doesn't get in the way of it being a fun and thoughtful platformer. And for $10, it's quite the steal."
,Recommended,211260,3902488,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,DrunkSquirrel,"Только олдскул! Только хардкор!Видимо, They bleed в названии - имеются ввиду пальцы."
,Recommended,211260,1137621,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"Wow, one button combat has never been more addicting.Oh ya, there's some basic platforming to!Sorta feels like Dustforce meets Super Meat Boy, just not as hard as SMB.10/10 Pints of Blood"
,Recommended,211260,5095341,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Luke the Human,"Original review: ""It's like sonic the hedgehog 2""The reason I said that is partly because I replayed sonic 2 in the same week I played this game, but also because both games share a commonality in a certain raw gameplay appeal.This game has amazingly tight controls. They're simple and intuitive - an asset somewhat spoiled by the inclusion of a pointless tutorial system followed by on-screen directions at the beginning of the first level. However, don't fear this game staying too easy for long, it gets crushingly difficult - to the point of spending tens of minutes at each obstacle.The tight controls are complimented by amazing visual and sound direction, which make the whole experience just plain satisfying to play. Checkpoints are left by standing still when you've collected enough blood from enemies & orbs (this game's 'coin') and respawning is near instantaneous - culminating in a fluent, frustrating and fabulously eldritch experience.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a challenge of skill, and the good type of trial and error - in which each attempt brings you ever so closer to victory. I also recommend that, if you can, play this with a buddy and a controller, trading off when one player gets too frustrated - the competitivity and camaraderie, as well as the opportunity to take rests, will make for a more enjoyable overall experience."
,Recommended,211260,4527809,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,֍֍֍,"This game looks great. It has great music. It has a cool, Cthulhu-inspired story (and monsters). It has fun combat. It has great level design. It has great platforming.However, as you progress, it gets hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥and frustrating as hell. It is out to punish you. Badly."
,Recommended,211260,1887696,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Statistical,Brutally hard and extremely satisfying. This slightly forgiving precision platformer has excellent level design and a deceptively deep one-button combat system. Gameplay mechanics are shown to you early and built upon throughout the early levels. Later scenarios ensure your mastery with every previously learned technique. Everything adds up to an extremely enjoyable (and difficult) game that I can't recommend enough!
76561198023525793,Recommended,211260,11113089,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,phinny5608,"This game is just perfectly crafted.  Each level builds up your familiarity with the limits of what you can do in the game--but always with the same relatively small set of moves that you have from the start, not endlessly introducing new moves that you only use once.  Some parts left me really frustrated, but after taking a break and coming back to it, I always figured out how to get through.  Also the ""achievements"" are done the right way, encouraging you to challenge yourself and get more out of each level, which gives it a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,211260,6489001,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,HTFinger,If you wanna get angry at something play this game D:<
,Recommended,211260,27871373,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gearsNcogs,"They Bleed Pixels is a brutally difficult, supremely satisfying, and devestatingly addictive combat platformer.  Everything about this game oozes style and refinement, and once you couple that with their ingenious checkpoint system and additional challenges, you become an eldritch horror of your own before this game is through with you.Not for the faint of heart, but absolutely recommended to hearty folk looking for something both stylish, and filling."
,Recommended,211260,431938,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,borsTiHD | die Socke 📌,"They Bleed Pixels? They Fu**ing Bleed Pixels!!!Geiles Game. Schonmal Super Meat Boy gespielt und die Herausforderung gemocht?Das Spiel bietet die selbe Herausforderung wie Super Meat Boy und verbindet das ganze mit Hack'n Slay.Einfach klasse, mir sagt das Spielprinzip zu und kanns nur weiter empfehlen.Einziger Haken... man muss auf diesen absolut geilen ""Retro Look"" stehen :)*thumps up*PS: Viel Geschicklichkeit gefragt, am besten mit Gamepad zocken."
,Recommended,211260,17957428,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Agocelt,"I've discovered this game in AGDQ 2015 videos, where was displayed an amazing speedrun by Squidclaw, the best player of this game. I was amazed how have I not seen this game before and I knew it'd be really entertaining to play.Looking it up on Steam and seeing it with really good discout and 150 achievements (I'm achievement hunter), it became a must-have.This game doesn't get easy.. it's very challenging, but also very rewarding. Each level have leaderboards and you can watch player's replay, learning some new techniques or how to best deal with certain parts you may get stuck on.Definitely recommend if you like deadly platformers and challenges."
,Recommended,211260,4210559,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Mr_Muerto,"There is only one way to describe this game, bloody good."
,Recommended,211260,4645080,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,all i wanted was a pepsi,Platforming will never again be as rewarding as this gem.
,Recommended,211260,2926299,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Thulsa Legume,"I normally don't like precision platformers, but I can't NOT love this game. Soundtrack is awesome, gameplay is tight, and the art is enticing. As a big fan of Lovecraft, everything about this game is excellent. The only complaint I may have is that it's made me compelled to complete it 100%... And I will, once I patch this drywall."
,Recommended,211260,7045340,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,.sand ッ,"One of my indie awesome game <3333The game is about a girl who entered a haunted house maybe? or a library I Dont know so yea she found a book up of a shelf then she opens it and she turns into a cute evily girl that she kills monsters and do a lot of stuff so yea I Dont know what should i say about this game it's just awesome to play, good, fun and other stuff so here is my ratings.Gameplay 9.5/10A.I 7/10Graphics 10/10Soundtrack 8/10Multiplayer (No multiplayer at this game)Buts it's still a good game mights C:"
,Recommended,211260,11138182,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Angel,"I HATE THIS GAME! but only because it is hard, otherwise its a pretty awesome game. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,211260,23162038,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ambi | flashyflashy.com,I CAN'T I JUST ♥♥♥♥ING CAN'T I-
,Recommended,211260,29349561,Posted: 18 January,all,SecondReversal,"This game is super challenging, but feels very rewarding to play. It does recommed the use of a contoller, but I found that the keyboard controls work just fine. Put simply, it's Super Meat Boy meets (or ""meats"" ha ha) an arcade style beat-em-up. Definitley worth your time if that sounds appealing to you!"
76561198035963274,Not Recommended,211260,28106577,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,treesniffingzombie,"I admire the aesthetic, but it plays too stiffly for the kind of gameplay it provides. It's like a slower Super Meat Boy, and instead of combat being fluid, it more or less halts the action. Furthermore, there's an extremely irksome unskippable cutscene at start-up. I like what it tries to do, but it mostly fails."
76561198060445418,Recommended,211260,24727516,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,jchaosmaster,"If your looking for a good hard platformer then this is a game for you. The game play is as simple as it is complex. It's simple because it uses easy machanics such as wall hoping/double jump and spike pits. So expect to jump from wall to wall just hardly managing to double jump over the spike pit.Up/proYou get killed alot but you have a large number of check points.Getting killed and seeing your own corps.Watching pixel blood flying everywere.Simple animationClever use of traps and diverity of simple yet effective enimes.Con/downer""Bad control's"" the game has a combo system that uses a knock up, knock back, dash, punch moveset. However all these are linked into one butten. If it had a third butten the controls would have been great for combos.""Music,"" The game has only one song but when lowered you can drown it out with trying to figuer out how not to die.Thinking this is going to be a easy game."
76561198213816903,Recommended,211260,23244110,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,asmodeusnecro,"Even with its dark, Lovecraftian aesthetic, interesting take on combat and refreshingly unique checkpoint system, any potential enjoyment to be found in They Bleed Pixels will ultimately ride entirely on a player's ability and willingness to deal with its steep and often unrelenting difficulty. This retro-inspired 2D platformer has as much chance to bring you to rapturous fits of joy as is does to drive you to murder your PC monitor with your control pad."
76561198159668612,Recommended,211260,24068381,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,rovertgamehead,One of my most favorite games. Great 2D platforming programing gameplay feels great and is super challenging love the character too. Different and interesting something I havent seen so far. Allmost done beating it...
76561198093873093,Recommended,211260,29448345,Posted: 23 January,all,Wretch,"Hard as heck, tought as stone, but boy do I love this game. Now I'm not much of a guy who's easily angered by virtual failure, but to all of you chumps who yell your lungs out at every loss, you might want to pass this one.The pixel graphics are all fancy shmancy in my opinion, and clawing lovecraftian thingies to death in a festival of squarey crimson blood is good fun. Music's nice albeit it can get repetitive fairly quickly as you try over and over again to make your way through the extended stages of the game (easy mode's got all ya suckahz' back if you're too much of a wimp to handle the challenge)Overall, I'd call this game a good one, and if you intend on buying it, I hereby welcome you to Sawblade Hell."
,Recommended,211260,22858884,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Akeno,"This game is a fun and challenging game, its hard at first but when you get used to the gameplay it be comes easier."
,Recommended,211260,22730581,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,What Would Spock Do,"Challenging, but in a fun way. There are frequent save spots (at least so far for me), the controls are simple and mechanics work well, and the blood shuffling about when my character walks is a nice touch. Also cute artwork."
,Recommended,211260,5399450,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,soflan,このカニ娘ちゃん慣性と滑りに癖があるし即死トラップ多数だし敵はデクじゃないしコントローラー必須。指痛い。でもドット絵のスカートの動き、いい…
,Recommended,211260,31519814,Posted: 3 May,all,Izanami,"A fun platformer, although quite difficult.I really really liked the character design, and the checkpoint system is quite nice for balancing out the harder difficulty. Experimenting and coming up with combos to take down enemies to get more checkpoints was one of my favorite parts of the game."
,Recommended,211260,9204162,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Wild Traveler,Oh boyzzzz...
,Recommended,211260,30672209,Posted: 22 March,all,PUCCINIGGA,Feels like Super Meat Boy with combat. Definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,211260,297837,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"It's my favorite kind of fighter, the kind that forbids button mashing so that every encounter makes me feel like I've competently executed monsters. And to that end, every level and fight and checkpoint reached feels like genuine progress! That's good, because you're going to fight with the controls to get there. Levels are genuinely controller-smashingly Super Meat Boy hard, but they also get frustrating, especially when you've gone through a hard section and your attempts to create a new checkpoint are thwarted by some little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a steak knife."
76561198150217651,Recommended,211260,30112464,Posted: 22 February,all,Manny the Polar Bear,"Really entertaining. It is pretty challenging. Good ambience. I personally don't like the music, but I know there are people that will find it great.DO NOT PLAY IF YOU HAVE ANGER ISSUES.I MEAN IT."
,Recommended,211260,5130260,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,lucaslizama,"Infernalmente dificil y igualmente divertido, lograron un gameplay muy divertido usando mecanicas muy simples pero aún así optaron por hacer un juego con una dificultad elevada a uno facil y que aprovechara aún mas los movimientos y ataques que existen, te incita a ser realmente ingenioso en cuando y como usar tus habilidades y a practicar una y otra vez para lograr terminar un nivel sin dejar de ser divertido por esto. La musica y la ambientacion Lovecrafteana y ademas el Gore con pixeles logran la combinación perfecta en mi opinión. 100% recomendado si buscas un juego que rete tus habilidades y ademas gustas de sangre cuadrada a montones por todos lados XD."
,Recommended,211260,2150834,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Deil Zombie,Dark World Super Meat Boy with actual levels instead of timerun-arenas + 2d DMC-lite-like beat'em up + 10/10 art + great music and atmosphere + you playing as a gothloli.Claws down one of the best platformers on Steam.
76561198041857765,Recommended,211260,10815573,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Salad Fingers,Never gotten more frustrated playing a game in my entire life7.5/10-update-every level makes me want to kill myself7.4/10
76561198093937257,Recommended,211260,21791596,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,HippinTurtleGamer,"THIS GAME KILLED MY SANITY it was so difficult that if you beat this game on standard your basicly god no amount of 360 no scopes or quick scopes or what ever you do in a game will ever make you as godly as beating this game and by the time you finish the game you still lose because you beat it but in return your sanity is gone, your being is gone, your life is gone, you have nothing left just a hollow shell of what used to be you but the you that you know is long dead..........................but this game was awsome it was the hardest game i ever played but its fun all through the end till i beat it..........when your not loseing your sanity......."
,Recommended,211260,10815942,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DrSphinctanium,"Just bought it but:- The variety of things you can do with one button, oh my- The art is fantastic, I can't tell you how much I love the cinematics(they remind me of games like Master of Darkness)- So many quotes from lovecraft and other authors works splashed about the place- The bonus artwork section is a great way to discover and follow new artists- Can't help but appreciate that cutesy modern Lovecraft feelYou should probably go buy it."
,Recommended,211260,19736568,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Axel!,a lot better + cooler + more fun than super meaty retard
76561198028475211,Recommended,211260,17882467,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,A broken iPhone,"Eldrtich themed platformer/brawler hybrid, in a similar vein of Super Meat Boy except it panders to HPL fans."
76561197998569304,Not Recommended,211260,16231153,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,MrEmperorSir,"While this game does have charming graphics and music, its combat and controls can be INFURIATING. I have never felt such rage in a video game as I have felt in stage 2-2. Nothing says fun like having to perform incredibly precise combat against bouncy enemies while being surrounded by things that will kill you instantly."
,Not Recommended,211260,11498189,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,AWd _ (offline for a long time),"Unique:-bloody pixels particle effect-checkpoints are created based on an energy bar (wait, this becomes a negative later on)Good:-artstyle is goodBad:-the checkpoints become almost useless on most levels because there are saws inside walls or slime on the ground preventing you from placing a checkpoint-3 heart health system-you will be dying a lot because you didn't do EXACTLY PRECISELY (this game is slippery as ♥♥♥♥)-the kick move is counter intuitive to execute, why the hell the kick moves are not a separate button?-gets REALLY boring after a few levels"
76561198041994278,Not Recommended,211260,12114744,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Shento,"Skill based gameplay with luck based obstacles makes Jack a bored boy. Further compounded by extremely finicky wall jumping, movement in this game is almost too unreliable to even be considered platforming. In the end, I think ""They Waste Your Time"", would be a more appropriate title for this game."
,Not Recommended,211260,11138947,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Akuma,"Man, ♥♥♥♥ this game. ""precision platformer"" with shity controlls and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ one button combat. ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable. Avoid this crap and get super meatboy or i wana be that guy"
,Recommended,211260,33277725,Posted: 5 July,all,Kazuki,"This game is pleasant and addictive but it's beyond infuriating.That being said, I would still reccommend it.Note: I'm writing this, but I'm done with the game at all. Because it's hard.Story: Not much to be honest, not that I was expecting much. Still, they took the time to add something rather than just slap levels in it. The segments also have well-done art.Gameplay: Infuriating, addicting, soooo difficult. I'm not a hardcore gamer and I don't exclusively play platformers so I found this frustrating. Despite all that, I found myself coming back for more toture multiple times. This game makes you into a masochist.There are always new mechanics being thrown in too and they get more difficult as you go. Levels tend to have re-peating mechanics & characters so that you get used to it in one level, then they murder your soul with whatever they bring out next while simoultaneously sending you into a relapse of horror from the earlier levels. I do enjoy how the levels aren't really repetive. As least that way if I'm struggling with something, I won't run into the exact same problem after completing a stretch of something like those damn ice platforms.Also, there is a collection system if you need an extra challenge (HA....hahah...*cries*). The perfectionist in my cries at the pages as I realize that I missed one, but also just completed a segment for the first time in about 15 deaths and only need one more kill for a checkpoint.The save points are a great idea. You can place them anywhere if you get enough blood, some from the environment and some from enemies. I think this really helps because you can be good either at getting to and killing lots of enemies or travelling the environment well and can still get a save point on the map. There is almost always a good space to place them too. There seem to be good spots spaced out in the areas that are about the time that an average player *cough* me *cough* would have enough blood to save.Controls: I loved the controls. I think they are considered what most people would call 'elegant'. They say it's better with a controller, but I still wholeheartedly enjoyed it and could play fine on a keyboard. I just love how they used the controls, though I'm sure some people might find the controls 'icky' as they use the z,x, and arrow keys. I just love how they do so much with so few keys.Art: I like it. It's cute and pixely and full of blood (and two of those things reflect the titlel). I really enjoy the animations and the backgrounds. The enemies aren't all super fancy or anything, but they reflect the kind of enemy they are and easily recognized. Also, the backgrounds will change per level. And there is a different background every level.Music: So catchy. Yet another thing to love. Depends on the player's taste, but I wholeheartedly enjoy it.Pros:+Fun+Addicting+Great music+Great controls (probably hit or miss for this one though)+Pleasant art+Different environments+Variations in challenges+Levels aren't repetetive (unless you count when dying a lot that is)+Lots of blood+Have a novice mode.+Usually suuuper cheap during summer/winter sales+Mother♥♥♥♥ing written in CCons:-For some, the difficulty. I'm having problems finishing the game. But then again, that's probably because I subbornly refuse to play on novice mode.-For some, the controlsScore 8/10Great game, very addicting.However, there is too much rage. I rage quit for a while. Maybe I'll try finish more levels.I should probably do the novice mode, but then I will feel like I suck more than I already do."
,Recommended,211260,1235292,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,The_Thang,"They Bleed Pixels is a 2D-pixeling hack and slash for those who are used to the retro style and fast-paced action. I recommend that you use a gamepad when playingt his because some jumps are very hard to ocntrol with the keyboard and mouse. This game has caused me some frustration, especially those slippery floors, but the gameplay is pretty good.Is it worth the price it is now on the summer sale? Yes it is."
,Recommended,211260,31682679,Posted: 11 May,all,Jiven,Difficult but good.
,Recommended,211260,11067252,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Crickette,"They Bleed Pixels is a superb 2D-platformer in the same family as Dustforce and Super Meat Boy, with a cute art style and very well-designed controls. It plays impressively smooth with its one-button combat system and is as difficult to put down as it is to master."
,Recommended,211260,30020515,Posted: 18 February,all,wug,had to go through this hell and take pictures of the protag for a friend that couldn't get past the first dream but decided to latch onto her as his waifu anywaywhat's the deal with airplane food
,Recommended,211260,25888138,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Not the Lightbringer,"Good, challenging at a fine level. The wall jumping is pretty easy to mess up when you're hasty. I'm not good at reviews, but the game is good."
76561198048630964,Recommended,211260,21831989,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Devilock,"Basically, Super Meat Boy + Gore + Lovecraft = Fantastic platformer game!"
76561197993227562,Not Recommended,211260,10978836,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,El Diablo Blanco,"I would not recommend this game to anyone.  The game is designed to make you lose over and over and over again.  I know there is a portion of the gaming community that believes that this is somehow a positive in game creation but that is ridiculous.  Games are here for entertainment and fun, and a well designed level will challenge someone, it will ultimately reward the player for good reaction and technique.  This game has traps built in to in fact punish good technique and timing and it is essentially based only on luck.  This game, while conceived well, and graphically is pretty cool, fails miserably at providing a rewarding experience to the player."
,Not Recommended,211260,13749018,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,terrible,"fighting♥♥♥♥♥♥is the only fun part of this game, but the ♥♥♥♥ing ICE level and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t platforming stuff just ruins it"
,Not Recommended,211260,9858810,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,swooty,"I greatly enjoy TBP from an aesthetic standpoint, so i decided to pick it back up again after having dropped it for a while.Now i remember why i quit. You would think that a game demanding quick reflexes and precise jumps would have some tight controls. It doesnt. Theyre more or less the exact opposite. Someone evidently greased every level in vaseline because youll be sliding around uncontrollably and straight into yet another spike pit. I cant tell you if the game is more playable with a 360 controller seeing as i dont own one, but clearly the keyboard controls were a total afterthought. To make any kind of progress you need to use the right moves to build a combo which gives you a checkpoint. Have fun with that, seeing as the combat controls no better and sometimes worse than the platforming. It completely killed the experience for me.You want my advice, get the soundtrack by itself. Its pretty good, especially when you dont have to play the game it was made for."
,Recommended,211260,1759854,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,ERROR404,"Harold William ""Bill"" Reginald was just your ordinary headmaster with a brown hat and coat. Not pretty bad for a character used as filler. Anyway, things seem to tick him off easily, but one person stuck out in particualr. A weird purple girl WITH BIG MEATY CLAWS""Well, maybe we wouldn't sound so bad if some people didn't try to play with big, meaty claws!"" Harold commented in a British accent.Naturally, this ticked the Girl off, prompting her to turn around and glare right into Harold's soul. ""What did you say, punk?!""Harold got closer to The Clawed Girl as he further exaggerated his point. ""BIG, MEATY, CLAWS!""She growled as she raised her arms, preparing for a brawl. ""Well, these claws ain't just for attracting mates.""Harold motioned his blue flippers as he was determined to fight back. ""Bring it on,little girl Bring it on!""It was then that Spongebob popped in, being between Harold and Clawed Girl ""No, people. Let's be smart and bring it off.""Nancy Suzy Fish scoffed as she placed her flippers on her hips. ""Oh, so now the talking cheese is going to preach to us.""Squidward raised his front tentacles as he tried calming everyone down. ""Wait, wait. I know tensions are high...""But it was no use, as everyone began fighting, much to Squidward's dismay. Harold and Clawed Girl charged towards each other with thier claws and knife , prepared to hit each other to submission, but their rivalry would end short as Ms. Puff slammed them both with her cymbals, strong enough to knock them out.It wasn't a good night to be bemoaning someone for having big, meaty claws.RATE AND REVIEW NO MEAN COMMENTS"
,Recommended,211260,31631497,Posted: 8 May,all,㉿ҾŁǞЧՁθ,Awesome Challenging platformerGreat level design and good combat mechanicsalong whit tight controls and nice ost
76561198096318404,Recommended,211260,25903118,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kvaz,"Do you like dying repeatedly?Do you like precise jumping?Do you like tons of pixel blood?If you're okay with the first and second, but excited with the third, come on in!If you can't handle the first or second, leave now, this game will eat you alive.If you don't like the third, what is wrong with you?-That and surely you read the title of this game, right?"
,Recommended,211260,10809308,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Urah,Yes They Bleed Pixels and you have claws in your hands damn this is what happens when you read the wrong book all these are nightmares but they are so real this is so hard and you die over and over and over and you don't care because you come back and you kick butts and jump and stick your claws in their heads and it's so damn rewarding when you kick them and throw them and claw them in your face pal and they you know zas crack bam smack and pixels everywhere but nope all that isn't pixels ITS' REAL BLOOD.Masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,211260,10770239,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bio,"Super frustrating, buy it if you're into that. The controls could use some improvement. Visuals and pixel art are nice. Not much else to say. The screaming death sounds can get pretty annoying overtime."
,Not Recommended,211260,7853296,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Un1XX388,"The visual style and idea behind this game is unequivocally fanatic. The first level or two are really fun, however, this is one of the most tremendously frustrating games I have ever played.Super Meat Boy is famous for possessing incredibly accurate controls. In practice, this means that when you die, you died becasue you screwed up, not the game. That is not the case with They Bleed Pixels. As if the controls being finicky would not be enough, one of the built in game mechanics is ice. This means that even if the controls where bearable, the environment that your character is in is unbearably aggravating.I purchased this game when it was on sale so one could argue the amount I payed was worth the fun of the frist few levels. But the frustration caused by the latter levels eliminates any good will I might have had for the game.Buy at your own risk."
76561198078671368,Recommended,211260,16317111,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,High Performance Predator,Clawgirl is bae
,Not Recommended,211260,11952605,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ferro,"Initially I really enjoyed this game. The aesthetic and the promise of a slower paced Super Meat Boy platformer with some combat mixed in was the main pull for me.When I started playing the game I had some trouble with the controls, it felt very fumbly and the amount of actions expected out of a single button seemed a bit much. I figured, hey I'm bad at platformers generally speaking so I'll just have to take some time to improve. While I did improve, the problems with the controls did not.As the difficulty of the levels increased I discovered that my initial concerns may not have just been my own incompetence. The controls are too sensitive in some places, not sensitive enough in others. The attack animations are very awkwardly timed (the overhead slash, in particular), and too much is expected out of the ""attack"" button. To lay out what all the buttons are in this game (using an X360 pad), it's Left Stick to move, A to jump, and B to attack. But What attack you do depends on context or how the button is pressed. Left Stick + B = standard stabbing attack, Left Stick + B = dashing attack as well, if there is nothing immediately close to you. Just tapping B makes you kick, holding B makes you kick straight up. Left Stick (up) + B = overhead slash, while in the air B = ground slash, unless you're next to an enemy, then B = attack enemy.Too much expected of too little, and combined with the less-than-impressive responsiveness of the controls this creates more frustration than is bearable. There were times during wall-jumping sections that require a double jump, but falling from the wall is considered a jump, and even thinking about moving the Left Stick away from the wall causes you to fall. This created no end of terrible moments of being unable to control the character well enough to accuratly move around the obstacles.Some might say I am bad at platformers, but I have played more difficult levels than what They Bleed Pixels has to offer in games like Super Meat Boy and 1001 Spikes, and succeeded without much, or any, frustration. I could not finish They Bleed Pixels because of the control issues, but combined with the lack of resolution options or really any basic graphics settings, I would not recommend anyone play this game."
,Recommended,211260,7796555,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Benny,Challenging could be a word to describe this game.Assanine could be a better word to describe this game.
,Recommended,211260,10830589,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Forgeo,"Amazing platformer, very interesting and unique combo system! recommended to anyone who loves fighting and platformer games."
76561198044007468,Recommended,211260,7860321,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Minute-Odyssey,"TBP is possibly one of the best indie titles I've played. From impressivly fluid controls, to distinct design and lovely music this game has it all. The level design is good, if not for a few annoyingly hard sections here and there. The challange is real and everything feels fair. A good buy for anyone looking for a smoth platformer and doesn't mind a challange."
,Recommended,211260,10861523,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TriggerManX97,"Do you like Addictive tough as nails platformers? How about little purple girls with giant chitinous lobstery death claws? Well then do I have the game for you, They Bleed Pixels.You should pick it up before the steam sale comes to an end and then you'd have to pay full price for it, and nobody wants that."
76561198065989100,Recommended,211260,7780342,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SleepyCloud,"From the art style to to the soundtrack, this game amazes me. This 8-bit action-platformer nails everything about the gameplay. The achievements, something most games don't do well, has done perfectly. They Bleed Pixels is a touch game, but the more challengging, the more hours and enjoyent you get from it. Good job devs"
76561197970705246,Recommended,211260,20243051,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lazy_Diamond,"The most disturbing game I've ever been addicted to.The story is cute. Until your mind wanders and you start wondering what it's like for the girl to experience this hell!  I started feeling so bad for her, being trapped in these dreams. Does she remember all the pain when she wakes up? I sure do. If every level is a dream, this is truly a nightmare.The most disturbing fact is that it's a little girl and when you die you leave behind a corpse. Then you die repeatedly and leave behind 20 corpses and there's blood everywhere. And the scream when she dies, it really started messing with my mind after awhile. Sometimes I would close my eyes when she died and tap the button to start over.Through anger, sorrow, laughter, smiles, and borderline tears of frustration I made it through. I can't explain why, either. I think the artwork, music, and feeling of accomplishment kept me coming back. Or maybe it was just spite :)Devs, you are EVIL GENIUSES."
,Recommended,211260,20654629,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ShadowRFox,"Let me get this out of the way. If you hate platformers or games that have a bat sh** insane difficulty curve; then avoid this game like the plague. You'll just end up torturing yourself and suffering buyer's remorse as you uninstall this game and leave it to sit in your Steam library. Now for those of you brave and foolish enough to try this anyway, let me get on with an actual review.They Bleed Pixels is a platformer about a little girl who goes to an academy for trouble young girls and find a demon book that start hunting her with daunting nightmares where she must platform her way to the end of each dream. Each time she awake from these nightmare she find the book back in her possession and find that she changing more and more into the demon form she take on in her dreams. The story is told through cutscenes with no dialogue and they are rather short and not that many of them.Each Dream is a “world” and they are made of 3 levels. There are 4 dreams in total and one final level. The protagonist have 3 hits they can take before they die (unless they are impaled on large spikes). The protagonist can double jump and cling to the wall. By killing enemies or collecting red orbs, the player can fill up a meter. Once the meter is filled the player can make a checkpoint where they will respawn upon death. Combat consist of kicking and stabbing your opponents. If you just try to stab at your opponent then they will start to block and you can only break this guard if you kick them. This is nice way to keep players from button smashing. But the downside is that these 2 attack are set to the same key and the only thing that differentiate between the two is whether you’re moving or not. If you move and press the attack you will zip that direction with a quick stab, but if you stand still and press the attack you will kick. This can lead to many problem when you facing hard platforming challenges and you need to quickly kick a lever to open a door but you stab instead.The enemies consist of:Shamblers- big blob who stretch their arms at you.Squidy Things- Bloopers from hell. Squid creature that zip at you and have a real good knack for interrupting you when you’re trying to make a difficult jump.Bomb Imps- Basically mini shamblers with bombs on their back that blow themselves up.Knife Imps- They try to jump up and stab down to hit you when they can’t just swing their blade at youWraith- Ghost girls that will fly through walls to attacks you and can sometime spawn behind you when you attack it.These 5 enemies is all the game really need, since the levels themselves are enemies in a way. The level throw every classic tough platforming challenge at you. From slippery floors to moving buzz saws to rooms filled from top to bottom with spike this game have them all.Now if this game only ended with dream 3 I think more people would have finished it and I could feel better endorsing this game, but sadly it continue to dream 4. Dream 4 become the bane of this game for me. It throws every type of difficult challenge at you and then some. These level become a chore because they are not only so difficult, they are long. By the time you get done with one difficult platforming section you have 4~5 more to look forward to before the level is done. This can easily discourage players on their first playthroughs. It’s hard for me to even put into words how difficult the 3 levels of dream 4 become. What worst is it at these 3 levels that the game flaws become more apparent. If these levels was short then they would be more bearable, but the fact that these level force players to go through hell with certain platforming sections and then only reward their merits with more difficult parts to the level is enough to make anyone not want to finish this game.Honestly I had a hard time deciding whether to down vote this game. If the game ended at Dream 3 it would be a better game, because while difficult it don’t reach the level of insanity Dream 4 bring to the table. But if asked if I would replay this game I would say yes, but on Dream 1-3. So I approve this game for those who like to torture themselves with difficult games, here’s one you can’t pass up."
76561198099082001,Recommended,211260,11085964,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,[404] Dota,"An addicting romp through a blood-splattered landscape.The GoodBeautiful pixel cut scenesSimple but effective story tellingKilling enemies with a kick into a sawDo-It-Yourself Checkpoint systemKeeps you coming back for more abuseThe BadControl issues add unnecessary frustrationOne button attack scheme makes for unintended movesAir combo slow-down activates at unwanted timesMusic is decent but a little too repetitive for a game with so many deaths keeping you aroundConclusion: They Bleed Pixels is a game that is fun, challenging and pleasing to the eyes; however there are instances where the real challenge are the controls in levels that demand precision. While aggravating, the game still manages to charm and be worth the time and money."
76561198027475328,Recommended,211260,8918041,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Timwu,Excellent hardcore platformer.  It is very challenging yet rewarding both from killing enemies and passing obstacles alive.  Keep weapons away while playing or risk committing suicide.
,Recommended,211260,8943634,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Auberweir,"Most challenging game I've played in a long time. It took a while, but the soundtrack by DJ Finish Him carried me through. Definitely buy it if you love a great soundtrack or are a masochist gamer"
,Recommended,211260,10816292,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Puma Crawl,I love it. The 8-bit graphics are awesome. The platforming feels so good and fluid and its great with keyboard and gamepad. The story is a little weird at first but later on you understand what is happening. The guesst levels are very funny and a great extra fo the game. In a recap I loved it. I would hightly suggest you buy it.
76561198055193694,Recommended,211260,10842684,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,d-ski23,"This game is amazing, it's a really good 2D platformer and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys platformers, it can be challenging at many moments but with the combat you can take your frustration out on the enemies. Also, the soundtrack in this game is awesome :3 - 9/10"
,Recommended,211260,10915169,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Baranwolf,"This game has all the fun of super meat boy, and an action platformer. I love it!"
,Recommended,211260,11024584,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,gleb_vga,"A special game, despite the simple looks. I have to admit first - I'm often frustrated by platformers, loosing patience with all the jumping after several first death restarts. What about difficulty here? Just Enough, nothing more to be said. It's nice aesthetically, and the chekpoint system is fabulous. A true gem in game collection."
,Recommended,211260,11714968,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ru,This game is just amazing!great soundtracklovely visual styleand absolutely stiff handling!grab your controller and get prepared for hours of suffering while developing your platforming skills to the max.
76561198056236289,Recommended,211260,20594865,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Brayd of Guy,"Its a good platformer. A good buy.I was kind of hoping there would be more story in it. Its okay with me though that eldritch is just a theme and they focus on gameplay. The controls are borderline perfect. The combo and checkpoint system add an extra layer to the gameplay. You forget really early on that the controls only contain two buttons besides movement.The only reason this isn't like my favorite platformer is due to some technical difficulties I had with it for several months after I bought it. It worked fine after a while, I just wasted a ton of time."
76561198041706124,Recommended,211260,7906488,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Crylliac,"A frustratingly difficult 2-D Platformer.This game has some of the smoothest controls that I have ever used. Button responses are quick and precise, moving is (mostly) intuitive and the kicking mechanic works like a charm. They have to be, considering the overwhelming difficulty of the game. The beautiful, maddening difficulty...The art style is, obviously, pixel'ed and bloody, but the blood effects aren't obtrusive aside from when you kill and enemy. The foreground platforms are a uniform black with ice or spikes on them, but the backgrounds give each level and stage a distinct personality and some real charm to the game.The sound for this game is unmemorable, for me atleast. The sound of the saw-blades buzzing or the Boo-ettes chasing you down are my most memorable sound effects in the game.I personally loved this game. The insane difficulty, the gorgeous backgrounds, the silent yet descriptive cut-scenes. The whole game was completly brilliant. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys hardcore platforming and sutble references to classic horror fiction. If you are more of a casual gamer, however, this is not the game for you. You will need to invest a lot of time and many deaths to master this particular platformer.A little selfish self-promotion now. I have done a blind Let's Play of this game. If you want to check out some of the gameplay before deciding whether or not to buy it, please check out some of my videos here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JtDARJlvDM&list=PLixtp40jTIEp-qq_szJDXcgWgWYV3t705&index=1"
,Recommended,211260,8069014,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Pancake,"Very challenging platformer, with a very dynamic Checkpoint system that allows it to be fun for even those who aren't the best at them(You can try and try again just need the resolve to keep going). Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,211260,8289110,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mako,"A simplistic yet brutal side scroll game, They Bleed Pixels is a game that indie fans don't want to miss. WIth a great soundtrack, this game is incredibly fun and addicting. You get killed, but yet there's the element that is here that all good games have; the beckoning for you to come back. Would highly reccomend!"
,Recommended,211260,10596869,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Magic Kitten,"Nightmarishly hard, causing me to scream foul dark profanities and slowly driving me to insanity as I repeatedly perish much to my dismay, trying to figure out the maddening puzzles  and react to problems in a blink of an eye.Very much an elderich abomination from the days of old and if you love blisteringly evil maddeningly difficult games, you will love this one."
76561198106141622,Recommended,211260,10962467,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blaze,"Honestly, it's addicting. Frustrating at times, but really fun. I'm also surprised but how much I like the animation considering its designed to be pixel. Hence the name. Overall, its decent and at least worth the try."
,Recommended,211260,7697059,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,"Vom, the Gelatinous Spider","Holy sh*it this game, oh mah god this game, F*CK THIS GAME.I love it! :3It's like Super Meat Boy but with combat system. Ret*rdedly hard, but when you finally beat it - it is such a relief, such.. satisfaction.Try it if you have balls!"
,Recommended,211260,10922613,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Blue Nerdette,"Amazingly difficult, yet I can't help but love it... Despite feeling like the rage from getting through the levels will cause an aneurysm.5/5"
,Recommended,211260,19957579,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Karkat,Get a little further... die. Get a little further... die. ...and it's entirely your own fault because the controls are flawless.The aesthetic is perfect from end to end. Our protagonist is both adorable and terrifying.10/10
,Recommended,211260,10844652,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,~S a g e~,i love thes game!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211260,12504948,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Psychrophile [bzai],"If you like platformers that require combos, this is a good game for you. The checkpoint system is really smooth, meaning you don't really restart too short or too long a duration. I hightly recommend to add it to a platformer's collection. :)"
76561198072182182,Recommended,211260,9264972,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Pixelated masocore, Cthulhu-style.  Very finely tuned, with sweet graphics and techno.  Last level is like driving a big box of nails with your forehead . . . but I loved it."
,Not Recommended,211260,11471911,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ingward,"I would rather just watch a ""Let's Play"" of it so I can enjoy the art style and story without going bald from ripping my hair out."
76561197967226657,Recommended,211260,11046770,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sonea,"This is not a platformer as much as it is a puzzle game mixed with a racing game.  It is all about finding that perfect line.Flawlesss, but not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,211260,10950262,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rock Legend,"Really fun game to spend spare time on. Lots of challenging levels, but makes it a little easier to play and navigate through if you have a controller, but of course it's not required. The story in it is really nice, plus the Extras section has some really nice artwork, too! Overall, do recommend."
,Recommended,211260,1762302,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,DustyBlue,"I've only just started scratching the surface of this game, and I see plenty to like about it. So I'm recommending it. This game is like Super Meat Boy in that it is a 2D platformer with really tight controls. It has some resemblance to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night too.So think Super Meat Boy, except with one-button combo combat, double jumping, much bigger levels, gothic horror elements, and H.P. Lovecraft themes. Another interesting thing: you make your own checkpoints, fueled by the blood of your fallen enemies and little floating blots you collect. So you don't have to repeat the beginning of the level over and over. That does not make it any less of a challenging game though. There are 6 collectible book pages in each level that unlock bonus stuff, like artwork.Long story short: Claws. Class. Lovecraft horror things. Tight controls. 2D platforming. Combat. Combos. Blood. Make your checkpoints. Little goth girl turned monster. FUN."
,Recommended,211260,10832811,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Brightside,"Very well made, even if it was designed by the devil himself. Simple controls that make you feel really cool when you're racking together combos and releasing aggression on baddies, nice art style and mysterious story makes you want to keep playing even if you tear out your hair and want to melt your computer in the microwave.Should anyone who worked on the level design be reading this; 10/10 + I hate you."
,Not Recommended,211260,16279252,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Jacob,This game isn't fun. I'd like to say it is with the interesting ideas but the way it is put together makes the game not fun and unenjoyable.
,Recommended,211260,22236136,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,hshhhhh,You will smash your gamepad. And this game is more about jump then fight :(
,Recommended,211260,12931692,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Xuchilbara,"They Bleed Pixels is one of the coolest 2D action\platformers I've seen in the last few years. It's a bit short, yet it compensates with a high replayability of the levels, which are meant to be beaten over and over in order to get the highest rank and unlock all the secrets. The combo system is simple yet functional, and the jumps require extreme precision and timing. Level design in this sense is excellent, presenting hard but calculated sections, with no impassable or glitched spots - read: if you fail it's YOUR fault.If you're into Lovecraft-inspired themes and pixel art you'll love this title, but beware: you're going to yell out all of your curses while playing it."
,Recommended,211260,12080188,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,MeltingMan234,"They Bleed Pixels is a side scrolling platforming game where the title says it all. You play as this young girl who gets her hands on a cryptic book that gives her special powers. Besides making your way to the exit, the game contains some combat elements with beating up enemies which requires using certain moves and not just button mashing. It's always fun beating people up with your sharp claws and knocking enemies into buzz saws. One down side is that it took me forever to get the game started, it always kept crashing when I tried to start it. But after I had the Admin run it then it works just fine. As for gameplay, it's REALLY difficult, probably the most difficulty Indie game that I've played. And what's challenging game without annoying enemies? And this one has got them, small little squid like enemies. They float around, constantly attacking you, and are almost impossible to hit. I haven't managed to beat the game yet, but I'm having fun with it, no matter how many times I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off for its challenge."
,Recommended,211260,13294075,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Kapot,"Probably the most precise and tight controls I've ever seen on a game (although there are way too many slippery surfaces, in my opinion).If you liked Super Meat Boy or simply enjoy challenging (hard but fair) platformers, you definitely should give this game a try.PS: The title isn't lying, your enemies literally bleed red pixels."
,Recommended,211260,16421628,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,I've never had so much fun playing Eldrich Guro Wednesday Super Meatboy Addams before. Fantastic. :)
,Recommended,211260,17320488,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,cwade,One of the best platformers I have ever played. Hulk smash controller freakin hell some parts are hard. I play the game with my son and take turns.
76561198196949003,Recommended,211260,17906824,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,The Dead Kennys,"WARNING: This game is harder than the crotch of a horny frat boy. You will most certainly die, like, a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton. Expect to see level after level festively decorated with the faded afterimages of your many dead corpses. If you are prone to fits of rage and/or have a heart condition, then this may not be the game for you.That being said, the sense of relief and accomplishment of finally getting through danger to set another checkpoint is cathartic, and the satisfying, ridiculously over-the-top kills encouraged by the two-key combat system all make it well worth the frustration. The sheer number of achievements really boosts the replay value of any given level, too. Players who enjoy a challenge and have the patience to work through the game's learning curve will probably enjoy ""They Bleed Pixels"".10/10 would nearly break my keyboard again."
,Recommended,211260,17082871,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,maawolfe36 -DI-,"They Bleed Pixelsis a hardcore platformer based on Lovecraftian horror themes. As the name implies, it is done in a beautiful pixel art style, and oh yes they do bleed. A lot. Your character is a girl who is sent to a boarding school and becomes cursed by a strange book, and every night she turns into a monster with purple skin and claws for hands, and goes out to fight monsters, only to wake the next morning covered in blood. It's a dark story, and although I haven't beaten the entire game yet, I can safely say that in all the levels I've played there really isn't much of a story beyond what I just said. The cutscenes between levels are all pretty much the same, with the girl waking up and discovering the cursed book lying on the table next to her bed, then trying to dispose of it, only for it to come back to her that night and transform her into the monster again.The gameplay is superb. The platforming works well on a keyboard, but is even better with a controller, and the game has a popup at the beginning that suggests using a controller to play. On the hardest difficulty setting, it requires pixel-perfect accuracy and timing in order to survive the various traps laid out across the levels, while the easier difficulty setting has less traps to allow a bit more freedom. Both are insanely hard, so if you're wanting a game that has an ""easy"" setting you should look elsewhere. One feature that I really like is that you have to earn checkpoints by collecting red orbs (I assume blood?) throughout the levels, and it autosaves when you stop moving. This means that if you want to wait to save until you get past a certain trap, you can just keep moving and hold onto that checkpoint until you get to where you want to be, then just stand still for a few seconds to save.Visually,They Bleed Pixelsis a work of art. The pixel art style works very well for this game, and the music also gives it a very dark and gruesome atmosphere. The character's motion feels very fluid, and it's quite a stylish game all things considered.The only area I found underwhelming was the story. As I mentioned before, there is (so far) very little progression as the character keeps falling prey to the curse and trying to rid herself of the book, only to wake up covered in blood with the book on her night stand again the next morning. This would be more annoying if the game didn't have such great gameplay, but as it is, I can forgive a mediocre story since it's really just about the platforming.And the blood. SO MUCH BLOOD!!! MUAHAHAHA!!!!Rating:Gameplay:5/5Visuals:5/5Audio:5/5Story:2/5Total:17/20  =  85% positive rating.--------------------------------------------------------------------If you enjoy my reviews, why not follow my curation page?Click here to do that thing!"
,Recommended,211260,8641045,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,jjjakey,"Platformer with very, very, VERY good combat. You feel amazing pulling off crazy stunts on enemies, and that's not even the central focus of the game."
,Recommended,211260,30677303,Posted: 22 March,all,VascularityComplex,This game beat me like my dad beats my mum.
76561197970604323,Recommended,211260,8631368,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Azimoth,"If you like challenging platformers, play this.  If you don't, play with your i-phone."
,Recommended,211260,10817850,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Traeger,"They Bleed Pixels is about as good as platformers get.This game takes the clever, frustrating, and difficult level design of Super Meat Boy and adds many other features into it.Definitely worth the buy, Especially on sale."
,Recommended,211260,32847150,Posted: 27 June,all,Bubby,"Super fun Lovecraftian hack & slash game.I can't reccomend this game enough. It's fun and challenging, with great music and graphics, and the strong Lovecraftian influence is great.10/10 from me."
,Recommended,211260,32971482,Posted: 28 June,all,Sniper-Squirrel,"As advertised, burtal difficulty.  A refreshing break from the mediocraty that has been plaugeing the platformer genre.  Excellent soundtrack, difficult but rewarding gameplay.  Totaly worth it."
,Recommended,211260,33035811,Posted: 30 June,all,chainsawrevolution,"Absolutely beautiful. And seriously frustrating..I found myself infuriated by chapter 2 due to the intense difficulty of some parts. That being said, I LOVE THIS GAME!I have always been an avid lover of pixel graphic games, whether they are modern, or over 20 years old. I have been wanting to play TBP for awhile now, but I put it off thinking it wasn't worth the $12 (New Zealand Dollars). Let me tell you, I was wrong! I bought TBP while it was on sale, and for just over $2 this game was a steal! I adore the graphics, the soundtrack, the story layout, and even though its pixelated, gotta love the blood splashing everywhere!If you're a fan of pixel graphic platformers and a little bit of gore, this might be for you. But keep in mind this game can get rage-quit hard at times. (Though I have been playing on my keyboard, TBP supports the use of a controller, which may be much easier.)Support the creators and buy this game on sale or not. I just wish I got it sooner."
,Recommended,211260,10974258,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Villermen,"Very smooth gameplay, great checkpoint mechanic, excruciatingly difficult. Definitely a great game. Story is lacking, but this game does not need it badly anyway."
76561198108028866,Not Recommended,211260,32092356,Posted: 31 May,all,Daddy Flynn,"A most annoying blend of bad features such as: precision platforming with non responsive controls, a fighting system that never does the moves you're trying to do, enemies that knock you back across the screen, the smallest of platforms sourrounded by death traps and THE WORST ICE MECHANIC I'VE EVER SEEN. Stay away from this game, even if you like hard platformers, this makes for a more annoying than challenging experience."
76561198086867262,Not Recommended,211260,31811492,Posted: 17 May,all,[SUPER-REDACTED],"This game holds no merit aside from its relatively good controls and interesting art style that is certainly eye opening. But aside from that this game deserves absolutely no praise whatsoever. Terrible combat that is only matched by its unfair and cheep enemy design. Who's idea was it to insert numerous flying enemies in a primarily ground combat game, with an abundance of instant death traps, let alone you fly around like its 1986 castlevania, only you could take more than 3 hits and the game WAS DESIGNED AROUND THIS. Where this game is full of horrible desing decisions under the guise of ""difficulty"". Let alone a terrible soundtrack that drones on and on, again, a horrible design decision that doesn't compliment the visuals. I get they were trying to make a foreboding atmosphere, to connect to the gothic/ lovecraftian aesthetic. Don't even get me started on the ice physics, because just like in the game, I won't be able to ♥♥♥♥ING STOP. They are the worst I have ever experienced in any game that I have played. (will add more when I feel like being angry)"
,Recommended,211260,10885865,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,A Boundless Set Of Possibilities,Died 211 times in the lantern level.Burst 3 arteries and lost several pints of blood.10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,211260,11465192,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hiorth,It's boring if you suck
,Recommended,211260,9031421,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Scerttle,"An interesting platformer with some interesting twists to the gameplay, and quite charming art style. It can be a little bit unfair with the difficulty, throwing you in some incredibly cheap situations (there were a few times I had to restart levels because I had squandered my placement of a check point, for instance), but if you have patience, it's doable. Definitely recommended."
,Not Recommended,211260,9879977,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Darturias,"I'm writing this on 20/04/2014. The first thread about graphics card error was written by the developer on 8/11/2012 and still has not been fixed. I just bougth a game I can't play on my laptop even meeting the minimun system requirements. I never expected this from a pixel game. Apparently "" it's about the resolution of the texture packs"".Amazing. I'm very dissapointed right now.EDIT: What kind of seriousness can you expect from developers that have to rewrite their entire game to fix critical errors that shouldn't be there in the first place? Sure they want to expand to Linux, but I guess they also want to ""expand"" to Intel Graphics Card's users who purchased the game without knowing they wouldn't be able to play it.Even more, since the beginning of the rewrite they have released more than 20 achievements which are unobtainable until the soon release of the final product. That wouldn't be bad if the game wouldn't be being released ""soon"" for four months and counting.Plus, don't be fooled. The vast majority of people giving positive reviews haven't played for more than 2 hours. They don't even know the second screen is entirely made of ice. YES, THE SECOND ONE.Because in this game hard does not equal intelligent. Hardness here is ice in inconvenient places and adding a bunch more of saws and spikes to too easy areas. Their motto must be ""Too easy? ADD MORE SAWS!""."
76561198040030741,Recommended,211260,8180278,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,horheristo,A must game to recommed by any computer hardware shop to maximize profits.
76561198119402499,Recommended,211260,25208884,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Thimeaux,You get to kick enemies into spikes.27/10
,Recommended,211260,11419627,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Heisenberg,I really like this game! =]
,Recommended,211260,9013180,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Princess Miku ❤,"Cute, Fun, Pretty :3, Combooo-ing overall 9/10 Whale! :3╭━━━━━━━━━╮╭┓┈┈┏╮┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┃┃╰╮╭╯┃┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┃╰━┓┏━╯┃┈┈┈┈┈-●┈┈┈╰━━╯┃┣━━━━━━╯┈┈┈┈┈┈┃╰━━━━━━━━━━━━━╯"
76561198039707388,Not Recommended,211260,8521779,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Lone Wolf,"I want to like this, I really do but it’s just too flawed. It game looks good, I like the graphics the cut scenes look very good, the levels are well designed, the story is very good and interesting, I like the checkpoint system but I just can’t get past it’s problems.The main problem is the controls, the came controls similar to Super Meat boy but with slower movement. The problem with that is the controls and level design of Super Meat Boy work well together the level design in this is larger and more expansive than Super Meat Boy. Super Meat Boy is about speed, you supposed to get through the level as fast (I think Super Meat Boy is teh type of game Sonic the Hedgehog should have evolved into) as you can and too much precision could slow you down, but a lot of the platforming in this requires more precision than Super Meat Boy. The larger, more expansive levels of this game requires greater precision in its controls, this makes the game very frustrating in a bad way.There is a lot of places that uses ice physics (it’s not ice, I think it’s slime or something), I get the point of it, it’s to prevent you from generating a checkpoint in that aria but I absolutelyhateice physics, I hated ice physics in the Mario games and I hate ice physics in this. The ice physics in this is particularly bad, you can not stand still in a spot with ice physics (you need to stand still to generate a check point which, again, is the point). I understand why it’s there but it’s still frustrating in a bad way.The combat in this game could be good, sometimes it’s good when there is no ice physics involved, there isn’t an advancing wall of doom and when your not on a small platform but when your in those situations the problems with the combat become very apparent and frustrating in a bad way. There is only one attack button, press it and the player character kicks, hold it down then let go and she kicks the enemy harder and straight up (which is fun when there is spikes or a saw above), press forward and attack and she will stab and forward and attack is also a dash attack. This game was originally released on XBLA, the Xbox controller has four buttons on its face, four buttons and the game uses two. It could use three attack buttons, stab, kick, and high kick and have forward and stab for a dash attack. When your on some slime, your on a small platform or there is an advancing wall of circler saw doom and an enemy is in front of you the combat controls are frustrating in the bad way."
,Not Recommended,211260,20216032,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,justus,"There is a lot to like about this game, starting with the art style. Getting this kind of twitch-platformer right is hard. There's a balance between ""challenge"" and ""frustration"". I liked Super Meat Boy (though I didn't finish it) but They Bleed Pixels just went too far into the ""frustration"" category for me and I ultimately abandoned it after just a few hours."
,Recommended,211260,9868086,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,вzк,"At first look it's just another standard fare action puzzle platformer in the vein of the famous ""n game"" and super meat boy games, but it sets itself apart by adding in combat mechanics that become crucial to the game itself with some meter management based on how much, how often, and how stylishly you gore up the room.It has a dark looming feel to it, and is filled to the brim with eldritch horrors and Lovecraftian themes.At the same time, though, it doesn't take itself TOO seriously. It's a difficult game with a very gruesome tone, but it's no more dark or edgy or serious than lollipop chainsaw.I say give it a try if you have good reflexes and like this genre of game (the n game is free to play, give that a try and see if you like it if you have never played it)"
,Recommended,211260,12212870,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Delifresh,"Sidescrolling beat-em-up with a simple story and cool custom levels, a cute/gory/awesome gallery and generally cutesy eldritch style. Worth some pocket change."
,Not Recommended,211260,877248,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Vex,"This game starts as a promising, quirky precision platformer a la Super Meat Boy, but rapidly goes off the rails with excessively frustrating design decisions and cheap deaths. Some traps can only be overcome through try-and-die experimentation, enemies seem to be positioned specifically to highlight how awkward the combat controls are, and the ""custom checkpoint"" system, while novel, is too often a dilemma--drop checkpoints ASAP, and you'll frequently find yourself having to repeat long sections of the level just to reach the place where you died, but hold them too long and you risk dying and losing a ton of progress. Until you've already beaten the level and memorized it, it's impossible to know where is the right place to use your checkpoint.Interestingly enough, the thing I found most frustrating of all is the fact that you actually can take three hits from most traps/enemies rather than one, but you have substantial recoil from being hit and almost no immunity period after taking damage. As a result, while you technically don't die on your first mistake, getting hit will almost certainly result in you being launched into another hazard, or off a cliff into an absurdly long fall into spikes; the end result is that one mistake kills you more often than not, you'll just have to watch your character flail around helplessly for a bit. Even the five-to-ten seconds it takes to watch adds ruinous insult to the injury that is the long gaps between checkpoints. I never would have imagined that I could play a game that I wish would kill me FASTER, but here we are.I feel like the team behind this game has genuine talent, because so many of the things that frustrate me about the game are deliberate decisions, albeit misguided; as a player, I'd rather be deliberately screwed by a harsh designer than accidentally screwed by a clueless one any day. I hope they can put that talent to better use in the future."
76561197972870150,Recommended,211260,13051180,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Zhiu,"Story: Quite ok. Definitely more than you'd expect from a sidescrolling jump and run. It's fitting the mood and doesn't slow down. Well done! :)Gameplay: Amazing! It's fast, intense, slick, unvorgiving, and you feel responsible for every of your deaths! Plus, the checkpoint feature is genious! Learning curve is stable, too! More than solid gameplay! :)Presentation: Sound, graphics and level all work together perfectly to set up the dark fantasy mood of the game."
,Recommended,211260,16759969,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bum bee,YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME AND RAGEQUIT HUNDRED OF TIMES YOU KNOW IT. YOU WANT IT.
76561198114280238,Recommended,211260,16287747,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,♑KittyDiddler,I told my gay friend I'd write a review. This game is a great platformer.10/10 would write another review about this game.
,Recommended,211260,14126408,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,►Beargasa2.0◄,"The game is very intriguing,it's hard,yet fun at the same time.The challenges of each obstacle can be overcome with more pratice.Any pixel fan would rate this 5/5"
76561198060604276,Recommended,211260,12935968,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,A | darksider021,great platformer
,Recommended,211260,13001353,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Try-jar,its not perfect just because the music is ~~~~~~~~-------->>>>!!♥♥♥♥♥♥!!<<<<---------~~~~~~~~
76561198165442724,Recommended,211260,14038728,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Andrew,"Pros: The art style in this game is phenomenal.Pro / Con: This is a HARD game and I've been playing games for over 20 years. Most normal people will fill find it to be hard. Gameplay is solid.Is this a good platformer? Absolutely, yes.A.R."
,Not Recommended,211260,9893479,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,darkelf2099,Completely absurd game with a tough mechanic. Good theme but I never could finish the damn game... Not for a casual gamer!
,Recommended,211260,9623447,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Zack,"A very difficult yet rewarding indie platformer. Blood everywhere. Extremely solid and great-feeling controls makes platforming and fighting extremely fun. A great challenge just to finish the game, let alone get many of the achievements. Definitely worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,211260,13671272,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,Well what else would a video game character bleed? I find your premise trite and will only purchase one or more of your service and or product.
,Recommended,211260,12383870,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lady Harbinger,"It's hard in a way that becomes incredably satisfying to win without being all the time controller snapping frustrating. It's as they say fiendishly difficult, but you can see where you messed up as opposed to there being no clear path or idea of what you should do. Even dieing as much as I did the game never felt unfair in how it did things. Every death was pretty obviously my mistiming something or making a bad jump, there was never the feeling that the game pulled some trick or some other new thing out to spite me and make it overtly hard.It's a challenge that is fun and satisfying to beat if you can without feeling like the game is cheating against you."
76561198061494655,Recommended,211260,12528180,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dalzombie,"I highly recommend this game for those with huge loads of patience and who also look for a REAL challenge. Hard as hell, very fun, incredibily well detailed, and all in all, a must-have for platformer lovers; specially Super Meat Boy fans."
,Recommended,211260,20737250,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,deadmeat,poneycorn
,Not Recommended,211260,29170883,Posted: 10 January,all,Rydia The Summoner,"This game was good until it wasn't. Now it's just ♥♥♥♥ing infuriating and I don't even want to play it anymore because I'm stuck on this stupid impossible level.If you like impossible games then go for it, but you may end up screaming in frustration."
76561198062068813,Recommended,211260,11063507,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,kaorix,It's cool. 8/10
,Recommended,211260,14522065,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ｖｉｎｉ,THE BEST INDIE GAME!
,Recommended,211260,13537790,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,radicalnetwork,"A great game with a very good level design, absolutely awesome controls and a great style thanks to its elegant art and its powerful soundtrack. I strongly recommend this game to everyone at least remotely interested in action platformers..."
,Recommended,211260,20165872,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,potato_fishy,Beautiful and brutal. Love to hate yourself in the form of platformers? Play this.
,Recommended,211260,21145942,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,GatoDelFuego,"This game is a good example of something special that happens when you mix a lot of good things together. It's got a good atmosphere and concept, the level design is great, the controls are great (once you get used to them that is), the music is fitting, and it's super challenging. After going through Super Meat Boy, I craved action platformers, and I certainly got what I was looking for.If you've beaten Super Meat Boy, consider that training camp. This game is HARD and it doesn't pull the punches. It really crosses the line sometimes and makes you think ""Was that death really my fault? Or did the game screw me over with some bad pattern timing / RNG knockback / just a random finnicky input?"" You need to understand going in that the controls are going to feel very strange until you get used to them and you will need to relearn your normal platformer muscle memory. There were moments I spent 5+ hours on one segment for a couple acheivements because of the absolute platforming perfection necessary. When you're trying to flawless a level and enemies are moving in sometimes random directions or you're a frame off on your jump, it gets seriously frustrating.However, the payoff for going through the frustration is seriously worth it. It's a double sense of accomplishment really; once from beating the game and once from mastering your playstyle and zipping through the stages without touching an enemy. Just be warned that getting over that plateu is utter hell."
,Recommended,211260,7823269,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Sapphire Bullets,You will scream in frustration.
,Recommended,211260,7839652,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CAdaverOusPRophet,Very nicely made game THAT MAKES MY FINGERS BLEED IN DIFFICULTY I LOVE IT SO MUCH <3
,Recommended,211260,1815553,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Artemis,A game as good as I am bad at it.
,Recommended,211260,12890138,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tentacle Bunny,"very simple game, kinda tough, but very cool.worth getting just for the soundtrack.Eldritch? definitely. Lovecraftian? yup.very cool game.Would I reccomend?Absolutely.This is a must for your library collection.leaderboards, acheivements, xbox 360 control, good soundtrack, all around, very good.note: there was an issue with it constantly trying to re-install .net framework over and over.need to manually delete the .net framework and direct x install files from the source folder.check forums if you don't know what you're looking for. only downside i found.other than that, full thumbs up on this one.its good."
,Recommended,211260,12737342,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DeafPereira,"This game is good, story and music is cool, is hard but very funny, The controller is good but hard because there some levels harder that can be losing control but need learn more.Good game and funny"
,Recommended,211260,13076061,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Vinifera7,"They Bleed Pixels is a fun but very unforgiving platformer. The difficulty curve goes up rapidly, so don't expect to finish this in one sitting. As of writing this, I have not completed all of the levels.The main thing you want in a precision platformer is good controls. They Bleed Pixels succeeds quite well in this regard, since you essentially have one button for attack and one button for jump. You can double jump and you grab walls just by falling into them. The jump physics provide very good precision. Various attacks can be performed by pressing or holding the attack button in combination with other buttons. This all becomes fairly intuitive, and doesn't require you to learn countless moves each requiring different buttons to execute.As was mentioned before, They Bleed Pixels is a precision platformer. It requires precision, timing, and trial and error. It also requires patience, because you will fail over and over. There are a decent variety of enemies with interesting and challenging behaviors. The game is well-designed, such that even the most basic enemy can prove to be a legitimate obstacle in the right circumstance. You can't just button mash your way to victory. You have to approach enemies intelligently and exploit their weaknesses."
,Recommended,211260,12768328,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,rSasazaki,This game pisses me off to no end yet I still continue to play it.11/10
76561198048752110,Recommended,211260,13117503,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dunwich Daddy,"l very stylish Meatboy-esque challenging platformer with simple, but fun combat mechanics.And all of it with a slight lovecraftian twist and 2spooky pixelart style.There's really nothing more to say. If you like these kinds of platformers with serious emphasis on timing and hand-eye coordination? Then you can happily slip this one into the collection."
,Recommended,211260,10723446,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,John,aweeeeesoooomeeee
76561198016739864,Not Recommended,211260,11060512,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,babaracas799,"Beautiful style and nice music but completely unplayable. The Ninja Gaiden mechanics + spikes + floaty movement is an awful combination. Devs need to go back and play games that use the wall jumping/sliding mechanic well... all of them have very rigid / critically damped movement, not this floaty uncontrollable Mario 2 junk. Glad it was only $3."
76561198044137813,Recommended,211260,12820535,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Facebones,"One of best platformers I've played, it's up there with Super Meat Boy, but i like this one better because of great atmosphere"
,Recommended,211260,12781906,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,grow23,"I dont know what it is about this game that makes it fun... when I can't find anything else I want to play I end up playing this one, usually the same spot over and over till I get it right. Its frustration that makes me smile.I just wish I could turn off the scream she makes when she/I die... because its a LOT"
,Not Recommended,211260,24874416,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fred Fuchs,"This game would be a lot better if the controls weren't hot garbage. I don't know why they tried to fit an entire combat system into one button, it would be a hell of a lot less unnecessarily difficult (and a lot more fun) if the attacks were spread over more buttons instead of them all being variations of one button.The enemies are also not very fun to fight. Even though the description of the game says that ""button mashing is discouraged,"" it's basically the only way to kill lots of enemies quickly. The big guys are just tanky sacks of meat that take ages to kill. The cthulhu heads just take potshots from miles away (and why, WHY are they invincible while shooting at you). The bomb guys are literally useless, so they don't even feel fun to fight. The knife guys and the ghosts are the only interesting enemies, but they ♥♥♥♥ed that up too by putting them in terrain where you can't fight them effectively.Also, why in god's name is there like a 3 frame invincibility period that's SHORTER THAN THE KNOCKBACK PERIOD. It makes areas with spikes almost ALWAYS instakills. Why bother making you take 1 damage from spikes if you just get killed by them anyways?It seems like the makers of this game spent a really long time making the assets to this game and then realized, ""wait a minute, we still have to make a game!"" so they hastily made a game around the assets they made. The art is cool, and the sound is meh for the most part, but the game is not very fun at all.I wish it was a lot better."
,Recommended,211260,10876151,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lt. Fexis Bren,"Amazing so far, have not even completed the first level but had to stop as I kept on chewing on my tongue due to excited frustration. Would definitely advise using a gamepad (which is the creators' advice also) as you will wear out your keyboard damn quickly and also likely get bad cramps (added benefit of controllers being more likely to survive being thrown against the wall).Art style is amazing, controls are amzingly simple and intuitive, level design looks like it will quickly become an equally high combination of hellish and fun.If you do not like difficult games where you die a lot but have instant respawns then this is not the game for you.Bonus style points:  Each death leaves an after image on the level so you can track your failures.Load screens have H.P. Lovecraft quotation."
,Recommended,211260,10912992,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TwistedDragon,They bleed pixels is 2d fighting platformer which incompases a good choice of fast paced music to suit the game as a whole the controls are basic and therefore esay for anyone to pick up however sometimes they seem to get in the way of game play itself. The sensitivity the game relies on can be tricky and can end up killing you several times but only if your not tyring. Keep in mind this game has some very difficult platforming parts adding to overall challenge of the game (which is nice). The story is intresting and explains for the most part whats going on and the graphics are nice despite being 2d although a bit more colour would have been nice.Overall I would suggest this game to those who enjoy platformers and a bit of fighting.
,Recommended,211260,11077152,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Railgun #11591,"Well, if I had a game with this kind of action and fine control back in the NES SNES days I would have been a very happy camper.  As it is I am a very happy camper but I just wish this had come along when my motor skills were in their prime =p"
76561197967793787,Recommended,211260,7913196,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Che's Neckbeard,"It's like Meat Boy except cool pixel art, Cthulu inspired monsters and some combat elements. Game owns more people should play it."
76561198031505554,Recommended,211260,9088517,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Is that so~?,"Hey buddy, do you like circular saws? How about giant spikes impaling little girls? If you do, I have the perfect game for you.TBP is a really unforgiving, meatboy style game, that includes basic combat in a lethal environment, while you do your best to avoid smashing your controller into your screen.Combat is simple yet satisfying, it consists in one button, that, when pressed in combination with a direction (Up or forward) will make you do cool things, like a dash for example.Environment is littered with death traps, but, not a lot of things are instakill and you can recover from a lot of things if you time your jumps right, also, the levels are extremely long, but it includes a ""Place it yourself"" checkpoint system that allows to continue your game even after quitting.I would recommend this game if you can get over the rage that may induce you."
,Recommended,211260,10761619,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheLootQueen,"Really  fun but incredibly frustrating game. The pixelated look of the game brings you right back to your childhood, where all games looked like this. The music is splendid, and the astetic feel is amazing. Edgar Allen Poe would have been proud, I'm sure."
,Recommended,211260,10761771,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JumpJump,"While a little on the macabre side, this game has some charm. Like Super Meat Boy, with a little injection of the cthulhu mythos, this game tests your reflexes. Being able to make your own check points worked well, while exploring the world was fun, but I did have to make a leap of faith more then once. Sadly there are a few things that spoil the experience. You only use two buttons; jump and action. Having one button for the action can get difficult when you are trying to remember what combination you need to do to pull of a move, this makes fighting very difficult. When you have to fight multiple enemies at one (and you will have no choice), things get a little unfair. Controlling with the analog stick becomes a real problem at times, so stick with the d-pad.All in all, while the game felt like it was being cheap in the later levels, I still did have fun playing it.7/10"
,Recommended,211260,10801386,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,philman,super fun and challenging platformer
76561197981473689,Recommended,211260,10802431,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Golriat,Super hard - but super fun! You want to play this with a controller. I really love the soundtrack - get the soundtrack version. Prepare to die!!
,Recommended,211260,10802583,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,FNF,10/10Smart and creative progress saving makes this platformer never frustrating yet constantly challenging.Top-notch music and pixel-art fitting the mood.Well designed optional challenges for a second playthrough.
,Recommended,211260,10807960,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,¯\_🎃_/¯,"If you like games like meatboy, this is the game for you..plus custome checkpoints!"
,Recommended,211260,10839443,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kvothe,"♥♥♥♥ing infuriating, but a fun game. I just suck."
,Recommended,211260,8840090,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,.fresty,"Little girl slaughtering monsters with knife-like hands and extreme difficulty? Yes, please. I can't even finish this game."
,Recommended,211260,8446830,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Krempton,meow
,Recommended,211260,8206592,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SayWhatNow!,Probably one of the most difficult yet fun games I have ever played
76561198000078066,Recommended,211260,7401712,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Apotheosic,"Do you like oldschool hardcore platformers? Yes? You do? You will like this game. SUPER SOLID, tight controls, minimalistic one-button combat, rockin' soundtrack, very smart level design, and constantly increasing level of challenge come together to make this one of the most solid, concentrated platforming experiences I've ever had. Cannot recommend this enough to platforming fans. If you're not big on hardcore platforming though, maybe pass on this one. It's very difficult and there is little to no story to speak of. The game is 99% gameplay and pretty much nothing else. But that gameplay is so incredibly TIGHT that I don't even care that there's no story, character development, etc. etc.9/10"
,Recommended,211260,1467606,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Sam,"Think of Super Meat Boy. Now add on enemies and attacks. Only uses 2 buttons (attack and jump). Atlhough based on whether you tap, hold attack, tap a direction while attacking, you have many different options to fight  Different types of enemies, hard levels to maneuver.You gain ""points"" by doing combos and collecting ""blood"". Once your bar is full, if you stand still in a safe zone (no enemies near or anything that can damage you), you will create a checkpoint.Overall fun game."
,Recommended,211260,12710480,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,erik29gamer,"Incredibly hard, but awesome platformer. Definitely pick it up, especially during this sale!"
,Recommended,211260,10819281,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lohner,Controls like Meat Boy and looks about the same. 11/10.
,Recommended,211260,456054,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,[12] Thaddæus,a comforting number of methods to create fountains of blood
76561198040711756,Recommended,211260,4681531,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,TRES HORNY BOY,"this game is pretty cool guy. its fun to jump around in the early levels, though the later levels can be hard."
76561198055603209,Recommended,211260,12565297,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Elis Shaimall,"This game is good overall.the aesthetic is simple. A little story takes place. The soundtrack are kind of good (but I don't like the attenuation effect when you die). Simple controls (2 buttons and 1 stick). Some references to H.P. Lovecraft.But beware, this game is ""easy to play, hard to master"" (Fans of meatboy will be pleased)Nothing to say about the checkpoint system. Just be careful where you put them. (sometime you put them in a hurry way too far from a dangerous zone, can be stressful when you die and you have to go all the way another time)The first levels are a little hard if you take them head-on but with a little perseverance you can pass them.the real problem is that your character is (too) fast (horizontally and vertically) and sometime you have to go to the pixel through walls of sawblades (while another follows you).Play at your risks. (Cthulhu is watching you)"
,Not Recommended,211260,19873169,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Certified Cookie Crusader™,"They Bleed Pixels is a fun platforming hack-n-smash adventure with a focus on combat and movement. The game controls fairly decently, making exquisite combos easy for beginner players. There's a little bit of depth to the game were more advanced players can learn optimal ways of fighting and beating levels the fastest ways. To top that off, there's a ton of levels and achivements to, making the game replayable for hours on end.They Bleed Pixels has some serious issues keeping it back from being a fantastic game however. First and foremost - the game's combat system feels a little lackluster. There's a bunch of thigns you can do, but it gets fairly repetitive quickly. After the game's basic tutorial, you'll only find a couple of ways to use your toolset, much less expand upon it. TBP has some programming problems from my experience. This game has to have the worst ice physics I've ever had to use. You slip and slide everywhere and it doesn't seem dependant on your horizontal speed when landing on the ice-covered platform. Rather, the ice seems to take which direction you're facing and set your speed to a large number and set you in that direction. It's rather sloppy and feels terrible.Aside from repetitive gameplay and buggy platforming, the game's level design blows. Levels are designed how the designers want you to play though them, not the ways you feel like you should be playing them. Platformers can we really fun when you find alternate paths and new secrets, but in TBP it seems there's only one way to go, and if you mess up that's it. The sad part is this type of level desing is evident thoughout the entire game - including the early levels. There are parts in levels where ice is put on the walls so you are forced to wall jump at certain points rather than others and there are awkward terrain platment that's seemly there just to slow you down and give you a hard time.I seriously am on the edge to recommend this game. If you're a fan of hack-n-slash combat-driven platformers, give this one a go if you can. If you're into games with movement and speed in mind, you might want to skip this one, it's not worth your time."
,Recommended,211260,24513818,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Super Llama,This game is suffering.
,Recommended,211260,12748309,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,the lion thing,"A borderline masochistic experience. The artstyle and music makes this game recommendable to a point but after that, it just stops being fun and becomes more of a chore."
,Not Recommended,211260,18528613,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Fen4,"Bullsh*t: The gamesluggish controlsugly level designcheap traps like: wet floor with random momentum, last 0.1 of a second saw elevator, etcmeat boy is much more fair and tight"
76561198053221636,Recommended,211260,22240971,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Julius Cheesesar,"Awesome game, very fun and challenging and the level designs compliment the gameplay in phenomenal ways. A must have for speed runners and platform lovers alike (though I wouldn't admit to that last one. Don't think your parents would approve of you sticking it in a wall now would they?)Despite this, the game isn't all that memoriable in my books. I think the main reason for this is the combat mechanics. As much as the levels are designed around using every possible move you have, it kind of makes a waste of a lot of things. For one, it's very existence. You shouldn't use combat to interact with the environment, you should use it to beat up baddies or something, not stop by andsmell the roses.Enemies are usually nothing more than something to have fun with or a hindrance. you'll either be forced to kill them to proceed (some sections require you to dispose of them just to walk through a small pathway, which will just devolve into you kicking them further down it) or will be purposefully set up so you can kick it into a buzzsaw or a bed of spikes, just to validate the combat's existence.tl;dr play for the platforming, not the action. or the eldritch horror. Remember how Cthulhu pretty much just gets run over by a boat and goes back to bed? The same thing may as well have happened here as far as i'm concerned"
,Not Recommended,211260,17413426,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Satanic | SpykillerXD,i stopped after i saw the controls. not a bad game. i just can`t stand the controls
,Recommended,211260,27474445,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ruizite,They did indeed bleed pixels.
,Recommended,211260,20194245,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,WhatsShakinBacon,Kill me now.This game is actually difficult.
76561198013050322,Recommended,211260,7857926,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Genetically genErik,"Now this game is perfect! If you like challenging platformers, pixels, and blood than you will love this game. It is the perfect difficulty where you die a million times but you keep trying forever because you know you can do it. Every hit and kill is so satisfying that you can never get enough and it brings platforming to a whole other level (get it?). This game is the ultimate platformer and by far the most addicting indie game that i have played. Buy it!!!!"
,Recommended,211260,10067493,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,InfinityBeing,"A visually beautiful game in both visual and audible aspects, this game has very tight controls, and the difficulty is reminiscent of the famous twitch platformer I Wanna Be The Guy. The combat & combo system is simple but extremely effective in its execution, and with the additional bonus levels and collectibles, this game is sure to please."
,Recommended,211260,10464688,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,たえこお姉ちゃん,"its a fun game and all but i have a huge problem with the title of the game. it is very misleading in the fact that they don't bleed pixels, but pixelated blood."
,Recommended,211260,10598790,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Wizbutts,"Game title is accurate, the enemies do indeed bleed pixels."
76561198027209488,Recommended,211260,10815922,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CKSalamander,This game is amazing but so difficult. Super Meat Boy got nothin' on this!
,Recommended,211260,11957355,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,"Cute and fun game.I bought this game for a very low price (don't remember now how much), but I would pay more for it without any doubt.- Simple mechanics- 8-bit graphics- Nice BG Music- Simple sound effectsI really feel like playing an old game. Kill everything and try to stay alive (or at least opening check points everytime you can)"
76561197970971433,Recommended,211260,11963184,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Halfsquatch,"This game is as infuriating as it is fun. I find myself dying quite a bit, but that is due me making mistakes. Which is quite aggravating, but the difficulty is part of the fun. I like the art style of the game, it has just the right amount of darkness to it. I can't really say much more, it is a fun and difficult game. I do want the ability to use the D-pad on my controller, instead of the analog stick. I don't understand why I don't have that choice. In most 2-D games, the D-pad is a lot better than the analog stick."
,Recommended,211260,6281359,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineA game that will surely make you rage! The game is not a bad game and its worth every penny. But be warned! This game is really frustrating and it made me brake my stuff, and unfortunately it seems like the game wants to punish you every single time!RECOMMENDED :)Also, best to play with a controller"
,Recommended,211260,2914758,"Posted: 30 August, 2012",all,Timbrewolf,"If you like really ♥♥♥♥ing nitpicky platforms in the vein of meatboy and VVVVVVVV you'll like this.  If you like to play games because you like fun you might want to sidestep this one.  If you like to play games so you can strike a coolguy pose with your dealwithitglasses and call people ""casuals"" for not ""being on your level"" while namedropping indie devs like you've actually met them in person then you probably already have been following the developement of this and played some sweet alpha because you paypal'ed one of the devs money for his heating bill or something."
,Recommended,211260,1866772,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,reikken,This game is delicious.
,Recommended,211260,10806207,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Deekoy,"Use a 360 controller for this game, and it's really fun and challening. I love the style. Use a keyboard, and you will rip your hair out. And possibly your keyboard. Trust me."
,Recommended,211260,10809437,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grassxxl,"Occult - checkWeird Monsters - checkFrustrating but fair gameplay and mechanics - checkFun - checkFor platformer fans this is a must buy, for everyone else(& me )you will still have fun but wont be able to play for more than20-40 minutes at a time, if you are as bad as me :/PS:I have a disorder regarding collecting everything in the game......"
,Recommended,211260,7532014,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,"Oh, fruitata",I broke a controller when i beat this game.its pretty cool for halloween too i guess.
,Recommended,211260,7554719,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,isqueiro,"The game is amazing. it's very hard but it's also very rewarding. It's one of those computer-masochist games, but it's very enjoyable. My only issue here is the control scheme, since you have to press the same button to do 3 different actions and it's not that responsive. Other than that, very good, do buy."
,Recommended,211260,9178212,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Tsubatsu,Great platformer with beautiful music and medium-to-high difficulty.
,Recommended,211260,9822939,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Dr. Orpheus,"If you like difficult and precise platformers with tight controls and a gorgeously dreary atmosphere, you'll probably enjoy this.This game will challenge anyone, even seasoned players, but the tight controls feel great. The soundtrack is lovely, but the REAL draw to this game is its art. Very Lovecraftian, very dark, and very beautiful. It's fun, it's challenging, and it's cheap. Definitely worth a purchase."
76561198017081103,Recommended,211260,10213427,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,coutts,"I absolutely love this game. The controls are fantastic and responsive, which is important because it can be a difficult but never unfair game. You can do some surprisingly cool stuff with the 1 button combat which is nicely flushed out with a mass number of environmental hazards you can send baddies into.The Lovecraft vibe and graphics go well. Everything is very clear and it doesn't feel like they went with old school graphics for the sake of cutting corners. Pixel art is nicely animated. I got a bit of a nostalgic feeling, but your character can just do so much more than old 8 bit games.Everything in the game feels very intuitive, and just exactly what I want from a platformer. The checkpoint system in which you make your own, is a really cool touch, and keeps the game fun and not frusterating despite it's challenge level. When you do get frustrated, just kick a couple monsters into buzz saws and you'll feel much better.Last but not least, the soundtrack is awesome."
,Recommended,211260,10852834,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ZipZap13,"If you love H.P Lovecraft, platformers, a wonderful story, lots of blood and gore, and games that are so excruciatingly ♥♥♥♥ing difficult that they make you scream bloody murder at your cat and throw your mouse across the room thus breaking it against the wall and being froced to buy a new one, THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!"
,Recommended,211260,10853632,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Levitacus,More rage inducing than Super Meat Boy. Get it if you enjoy torturing yourself.
76561198018986821,Recommended,211260,10992788,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ZeusAndHisBeard,"Very cool idea, and very visually pleasing pixel art.  I love the dark feeling of the game, and that itls a femail protagonist with claws for hands.  The music is also quite good.In terms of gameplay - it reminds me a lot of Mega Man, except replace the gun with hand blades.  It's a 2D scroller and levels end when you reach the final check point after you've made it through the obsticles.  You wont do it your fist time.  Or second.  Or third.  Or in my case 196th (no joke, it keeps score).  I was addicted after the first chapter, but then onwards I just became way too frustrated.  The game got too dificult for me, and I may not pick it up again because now it's just more frustating than fun.  I may just suck though, and you may be super awesome at it!  Either way, it's worth the couple bucks it charges.  Give it a try!"
76561198051860431,Recommended,211260,11008444,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Weirdsigil,"Also known as ""Buzzsaws the videogame""As i do not usually play platformers, i cannot compare the difficulty of this game to other games of its genre. I, however, found this game to be rather challenging. Controls are smooth (using the keyboard) and only at the times of great frustration did i (unfairly) blame the game for my successive deaths. The leveldesign is generally good, usually each level will contain one or two segments that are really, really hard and unforgiving. The checkpoint-spawning mechanic is nice, it forces you to be creative with your kills. The strange thing about it however is that if you are good at the game, it will charge faster, thus granting security to those who actually dont need it that much. Combat is basic, but tossing enemies into buzzsaws is quite satisfying.Completing a level, even with horrid stats, feels like a real achievement, therefore i recommend this title."
,Recommended,211260,11012909,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Konkeror101,"Hard, yet rewarding.One of the most own games of the platform genere of the year!-Great game mechanics-Cool upgrades-Anazing level designMasterpiece!"
76561198104412829,Recommended,211260,7972296,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Vodka,This game is amazing. It will make any hardcore platformer player happy. A definite great buy ^^
,Recommended,211260,8000283,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,HAL 9000,"""와 시X 잠깐만""정말 어렵습니다 ㅋㅋㅋ슈퍼 고기보이 뺨치네요.정말 어려운 게임을 하시면서 직접 레벨업 하고 싶으신분들을 위해 추천.2D이긴 하지만 미려한 그래픽에 귀여운 주인공[..]과 함께 죽어봅시다.4/5"
,Recommended,211260,8018447,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DJKyzer,"Awesome! Simple with an awesome Soundtrack to boot! I have to admit though, I quit half way through but that's not to say I didn't REALLY enjoy the time I had with this game. This WILL get a revisit."
,Recommended,211260,8640798,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The Flying Ham,Who likes gory pixels?
76561198029614056,Recommended,211260,8737085,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,FireHazardKuma,One of my favorite Indie titles on steam. A solid action platformer that provides a good challenge with a unique art style. I still can't beat it lol.
,Recommended,211260,8770720,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,That Does NOT Rock!,You're gonna ♥♥♥♥ up over and over again and enjoy every second.  Think a gothy Super Meat Boy with combat.
,Recommended,211260,9048931,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Galm,"Very fun game until Chapter 5, then things get frustratingly very hard, if you get angry easily bad news for you."
,Recommended,211260,10365213,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cabamacadaf,"Great game, the platforming and difficulty is similar to Super Meat Boy, but this game has an interesting combat system as well. The art style and animations are fantastic, and so is the music. It also has a cool checkpoint system that lets you place checkpoints wherever you want as long as you've collected enough blood and there are no enemies present.Highly recommended if you don't mind the difficulty."
,Recommended,211260,10525553,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fullskel,I'm a sucker for lovecraft so this game was a must for me. it's gameplay is excellent and the soundtrack is the bees knees! needs more replay value though.
,Recommended,211260,10537238,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,jim,Harder than my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,211260,10597715,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[:(] mensly,"Great platforming action, reminds me of why I loved Super Meat Boy. Combat system is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,211260,10790015,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Drunk Oni's Paladin,"I just bought this, and I've been playing for an hour straight. I Absolutely love this game. The Pixel art alone sold me. The Tracks killed me. And the repeatative trail and error of seeing an adorable claw girl die over and over again make me want to keep playing to get her out of this nightmarish wonderland of fun and mayham."
76561198040695679,Recommended,211260,10801852,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,spike_531,"Surprisingly addictive, the difficulty was just right to keep my interest."
,Recommended,211260,10802105,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DumbCreature CSGO-SKINS.COM,Do you like Super Mario? Super Mario is♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is not.
76561197989399791,Recommended,211260,10802536,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Paralyzer,"17 min in first level, 31 deaths... Gotta love this game :D  If you lose your temper, then you die many times like I did!!"
76561198081033284,Recommended,211260,10816348,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ms.Tsuki,Challenging. Gory but loving it. Unique how you are able to create checkpoints at your preferred spot. Love it!  ^_^
,Recommended,211260,10816355,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,$2.75,A fun Super Meat Boy like game with nice combat combos and such
76561197994090402,Recommended,211260,10820281,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Space Raven,"All of the blood, none of the guilt. Except every time that little girl screams."
,Recommended,211260,10821156,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Prince Pringle Berry Abdullah,Got hooked instantly. Killing has never felt so fluid in an 8-bit game before.
76561197970860660,Recommended,211260,10836907,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zigi,"Extemely well made action platformer with awesome combo mechanics. This is my favourite indie retro platformer and I have played Fez, SMB, Braid and lots more. TBP gets everything right and should be considered a classic among the great retro platformers.Tight controls, great level design, surprisingly sophisticated combo system with juggles and the ability to incorporate the many environmental hazards into them. It's endless fun finding new and creative ways of juggling the bad guys onto some spikes or saw blades. The design is also very solid with one of the most effective uses of pixel art I have seen to date and great sound effects, the animation reminds me of Lemmings in that it has the maximum fluidity with the minimum amount of pixels.I haven't had this much fun playing a single player game in a while. Highly recommended if you like challenging platform games and especially if you also play fighters.Note: At the moment there are no resolution options, however they are working on a full re-write that adds this and improves many other technical aspects which is near completion."
,Recommended,211260,11005215,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Avialix,I've died so many times I feel nothing but pain...
,Recommended,211260,9491952,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,thetwistedkris,Amazing art style combined with fantasticly creepy levels and simple to use controls. Got to love the Lovecraft.
76561198063797329,Recommended,211260,10908440,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,C0balt,"Can best be described as ""Hotline Innsmouth"" or ""Super Meat Lovecraftian Horror,"" this game is a fast-paced, devilishly hard gaiden platformer with a Lovecraftian atmosphere. Difficult, bloody (your score is not measured in ""points"" but ""pints""), and fun. 8/10."
76561198090834775,Recommended,211260,7706272,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,vontar,"What other game combines a creepy gothic horror storyline that H.P. Lovecraft and Edgar Allen Poe would applaud for with a nice fitting soundtrack, combo oriented combat mechanics, and some good old fashioned rage inducing platformer level design? None...the answer is none in case you were wondering. My personal favorite in the platformrer category, and a great deal in all. Ridiculous achievments on each level and collectible artwork boost replayability value for perfectionists like me %400 as well (Yes, that number has been scientifically tested.) Great game with plenty going for it, so buy it now... or eliese. Thats right, eliese wants you to buy this."
76561198021382703,Recommended,211260,7808397,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,THRILLERGIST (MixtuaryKitty),"One of the best indie games i have ever played... Music is good, graphigcs is good, well yeah everything is great more or less! Its hard as ♥♥♥♥ though, but that makes the game even more fun to play! Buy it, NAO PLISS! You will love it, absolutely if youre a fan of Super Meat Boy or other simular games like that :)I dont know what grade i would set this as, but 8/10 for that price for the game is doesnt sound wrong to me^^"
,Recommended,211260,7907311,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Rural Gaming,"Incredible game! Wonderful soundtrack, but it can get rather difficult at times. It's playable on the keyboard, but I'd definitely recommend a controller."
,Recommended,211260,10097270,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,TastyWhale,I like it.  They Bleed Pixels is a wonderful mash-up of the platform insanity present in games like N+ and SuperMeatBoy with a 1-button hit-combo mechanic.Full review at:http://www.tastywhale.com/2012/12/19/they-bleed-pixels-is-an-h-p-lovecraft-and-super-meat-boy-lovechild/
76561198030829599,Recommended,211260,10160882,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Der Kartoffel Dinosaurier,"I'd recommend this game.I do not think that it is thát hard. I really love the art and the soundtracks.I find the combat really interesting and it works fluently.The only problem is that when you have to kick over a lever, it'll not always work.. So you'll have to kick a few times on different spots.Interesting platformer!"
76561198006938005,Recommended,211260,9606424,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Plow King,Hard. Beautiful. Stylish. Spot on controls. Cthulhu. Mood fitting music. Nerve-racking. Rewarding. Hard.Did I forget to mention the game is hard?Definitely worth it with the soundtrack btw...*EDIT*I just realized that Spooky Squid games made the brilliant Night of the Cephalopods game... Although short this one impressed me (and still does). The way they handle narrative in Night of the Cephalopods is simply amazing!!! And it's one of the few games where I like to lose ;) Trust me on this one...
76561198067764341,Recommended,211260,10767229,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Izzi,So much fun but so frustrating. Definitely recommend using a controller - without one I couldn't even get past the first level.
,Recommended,211260,10789725,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,monochrome0088,"Really fun game, easy to learn the controls but incredibly difficult none the same, also has a really fun soundtrack. The only problen i'd pinpoint is that the movement is a bit too slow, though that could be personal frame rate issues but that doesnt hider enjoyment. I would also highly recomend using a gamepad, as using a keyboard tends to feel slightly awkward."
,Recommended,211260,10808801,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dethb0y,"Super Fun sound track, fun and challenging gameplay, and cute graphics. I really like it.I found it much easier to play if i had a controller, rather then the keyboard."
,Recommended,211260,10941402,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ilivetofly,"Hack-and-slash and Platformers had a baby. A baby raised in a generation where difficulty is appriciated but a game doesnt need to milk my wallet dry. No, this isn't a childhood game.I would comment on the story but frankly, it matters as much as the real-life aspects of Assasins Creed. It's there, I appriciate it butI just don't carelong story short your a girl at a ♥♥♥♥ed-up school and find a book. The real gameplay happens inside a nightmare making me wonder my bedside-bookshelf fails to do the same. I would kill for dreams this cool.KillPro tip; ladies like sticks of joy, not mice. Follow the gamepad suggestions, with that much blood she surely needs one."
76561198049161447,Recommended,211260,7641787,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Star Slayer,"This is the best non-Metroidvania platformer that I have ever played! Great atmosphere, great gameplay. A word of warning though: This game is frustratingly hard at times."
,Recommended,211260,7766256,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,G0DBLESS_SASHA,"I'm still trying to finish the game. Cleary, a great indie game for those who want the old days's dificulty back !Jump on it, with a controler maybe (I've only played with one)"
,Recommended,211260,8688231,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,TheIronMoose,"Steep difficulty curve, my lappy cant handle it very well so i got slow mo, which helped. interesting, but a hardcore platformer."
,Recommended,211260,9200452,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kommon,"Combining Lovcraftian horror, tight controls, Super Meat Boy levels of difficulty, and an awesome art direction, this game is sincerely one of the most stand-out platformers I've ever played. Though it's nearly impossible to master, it's still an entertaining game, and each level feels like a major accomplishment."
,Recommended,211260,9275445,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Ankaru,"While I love this game, I can honestly say it made me rage quit a few times. It makes N+ look like Mario. I died 25 times in the first part of chapter 1. Speaking of which, let's see if I can get more than 2 meters from the last spot."
,Recommended,211260,10111445,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,mourningstar,"Very fun but very difficult platformer, skip like a little girl through level after level of lovecraftian horros and spikes. tons of fun but only for those who want nothing more than pure madness in a platformer ."
,Recommended,211260,9765968,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,crsteinb,"This game is great! Another really good and difficult platformer with some really interesting mechanics and atmosphere. Get this if you like challenging platformers, it is a must."
,Recommended,211260,8737178,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,joshuaquail,"this game is damn difficult. like they remade super meat boy as alice in wonderland meets lovecraft, and by the way you gotta fight monsters the entire time. play it if you want to scream loud enough for the neighbors to get concerned."
,Recommended,211260,8939604,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Union Shakes,Fancy tickling.
76561198043993377,Recommended,211260,8956593,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ArcaneMusic,"You play as Little Miss Charles Manson, going on a killing rampage in your dreams A La H.P. Lovecraft, and then you realize the truth: This game is Dark Souls and Double dragon combined. Get ready to tear your hair out and have EXTREME FUN. Because, as odd as it is, this game is SO MUCH FUN. You're going to die a LOT, you're going to hate everything, and then replay the level because you think you missed one of those book pages and you'll be damned if you're not curious enough to get to the ending without looking it up on youtube."
76561198058051979,Recommended,211260,9578688,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,CodeineRx,Great game I suggest trying it out. :D
,Recommended,211260,10413608,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,clothing(☛°ワ° )☛,"I haven't been playing this game very long at the time of writing this (I'm only about three levels in), but holy balls. This game is hard. Like Dark Souls ain't got nothing on it. It's probably on par with I Wanna Be The Guy in terms of difficulty, but this is just a straight up challenge as opposed to IWBTG's cheap tricks. The game is fair, but you WILL screw up, and when you do, you are going to get frustrated.Now that being said, that is not a negative aspect. This game's challenge allows for a great deal of playability, making you want to try again and again to succeed. In addition, the art in the game is amazing. The pixel art style lends itself very well to the genre. The controls are smooth, the combat is great and has a very good combo system. The music is great as well, and very much suits the environment.The aesthetics are great as well. It's largely dark and gloomy, as you'd expect from a Lovecraft-inspired game, but this just allows for the brighter colors (like the copious amounts of red you will see) to cut through and provide an effective contrast.Strongly recommend, unless you get put off by intense challenge. Gamepad also recommended."
,Recommended,211260,10804300,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ultranathon,This games a blast!
,Recommended,211260,10826207,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[SWEAT]Xarfg,"A really good game, and unlike Super meat boy, you can evacuate your frustration by killing ennemies again and again and again ! The gameplay is good and so far i've got plenty of pleasure playing this game."
,Recommended,211260,10834092,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Legless Ninja,"The story is cool.The platforming is basically a more annoying super meat boy, to the point that dying 200 times and taking over an hour on a level still gets you a Bthe combat is reasonably good, it takes a while to get used to as dash stab and stab are on the same controls.Overall, fun, but annoying as any game that follows the ""die several hundred times to complete a level"" system."
76561198133049426,Recommended,211260,10859609,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mida Valentine,"This is the coolest game ive ever played in my life is a gamer. I was never one for platformer games, but THIS GAME!? It blew my mind! I love pixleated games. I love blood and gore too xD and the story behind it is ever more intresting. I can't wait to see it to the end! If you love bloody,pixelated playformers PLAY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,211260,10879469,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Woodburger,"A very hard game but if you obsess over getting everything just right, this game is for you."
76561198042706984,Recommended,211260,10885962,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,iluha,Level 3 took me 90 deaths..... Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,211260,10903637,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ukko Ylijumala,Insanely hard and equally addictive.
,Recommended,211260,10941523,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LV1 Red Mage,"N+ Gothic Lolita Edition. I find myself enjoying it a lot more than the typical masochistic platformer though. Simple narrative with a solid artstyle pushes you forward into a story combining the hardest platforming with Lovecraftian themes. It's a surprisingly enjoyable combination. Plenty of unlockables make this game feel large, especially for it's reasonable price tag."
,Recommended,211260,10990804,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Koopking,Classic rage inducing side scroll platformer with combat smoothly integrated. You will die a lot but it remains enjoyable the entire time.
,Recommended,211260,11039254,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Isom Elzric,"I don't know what I was expecting, but this blew it out of the water. I fell in love with the simple controls that still give you the satisfaction of brutally murdering stuff! This is definitly one of my new favorites!"
,Recommended,211260,7652519,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Truefox.br  ♣™,"Bem divertidinho, ainda faz citações com os escritores Poe, H. P. Lovecraft e outros."
,Recommended,211260,7887796,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Warrikon,"I bought some of my favourite games that i have wanted for ages in the past week, and this one, the cheapest, has been my favourite and most played.Combination of dreams, insane platforming (but precise) and a rather flat but interesting story that makes you want to throw yourself into a pit of spikes 173 times plus (on one level.. I'm so bad at this) just to see the little girls face again"
,Recommended,211260,7959388,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Moosby,"Gory, pixely, and amazing. This game is one of my favorites. The graphics, the cutscences, everything. This game highly influences a contoller, mainly because of the heavy, yet fluent controls. Give this game a try. I bet you'll like it,"
,Recommended,211260,10835646,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Phillip952,"I'm not too far into the game but to summarise this is a hardcore platforming game, you will die a bit. From what i've seen the move set for attacks is limited but in a good way, i can focus on just removing enemies and hopping to the next platform most of the time. Overall a 7/10 for me I would reccomend this to anyone who likes good platformers."
76561197984007528,Recommended,211260,10865305,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Guts,This game is awesome just buy it already.
,Recommended,211260,21068244,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Palidian,"This game is difficult. The thing about difficult platformers is that the controls need to be precise. I have no complaints about the combat, the wall jumping or most of the level design, but I have to take issue with the lateral movement. Running sideways always feels like you're on ice, even when you're not. You can take about one step in a direction before you break out into a full run which makes the sections where you have to position yourself precisely on an elevator platform to dodge hazards extremely frustrating. I'll give this a thumbs up because most of the game is pretty fun, but the last two levels were a test of my patience."
,Recommended,211260,21467291,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Asmodeus,"I CANNOT FRET HOW MUCH I LOVE THIS GAME!As someone who's new to these kinds of games, I can tell you I fell in love with this genre. It's bloody and you have practically nameless character! Even though it's a bit older, it's something worthwhile to play.10/10!"
,Recommended,211260,21107076,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Electric Sunshine,"Fun, definitely."
,Recommended,211260,21178573,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SilentAddle,"I love and hate this game.Hear me out, it's a fun little platformer with severe lovecraftian elements, it is fast paced and fun, but it can be frustrating as all hell.Maybe that's part of why I like it, all I can tell you is that it's one of those games where I'll get stuck and then spend an hour solid trying to get past a single portion, I end up kicking myself because all the elements of the game are so freaking simplistic, it's just the stars don't always align and I fail, or I'll get too close to a buzzsaw or just fail the same jump over and over and over and over.But would I suggest this? Yes yes yes."
,Recommended,211260,10921866,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Seras OVA,fun and challenging platform to play :)recommending this game for everyone who like a bloody and fun platform game
,Recommended,211260,10991083,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,wardhop,"THEY BLEED PIXELS - Subset Pixel Art/Platformer/HorrorFinal Review: RECOMMENDED Rating 8/10Overview: ""They Bleed Pixels"" is a pixel-art homage to classic horror in the form of a meticulously executed platformer. It features fast-paced skill-oriented combat and movement, beautiful pixel style cutscenes and in-game graphics, and an intriguingly dark storyline.PROS:-Combat feels fluid, well-paced and simple, yet complex enough to keep things interesting-Graphics are carefully and thoughtfully designed. Beautiful scenery coupled with excellent level design makes for a great combination-This game is difficult, and thats a good thing. It is horror themed after all-The soundtrack is uniquely dark and upbeat. Balances well with the gameplay-The storyline is a step above general ""save-the-princess"" platformers, so thats a plus-Ingenious check-point system that puts control in the hands of the player and allows for awesome speedrun opportunities-Well-crafted characters/enemies that stand out-Good variety and complexity in puzzles and challengesCONS:-Personal gripe: Menus felt a bit cluttered and unweildy, but maybe thats just me-Difficulty fits well in both categories I believe, some may find it off-putting-Enemy variety can become a bit tiresome by the endOverall ""They Bleed Pixels"" offers a uniquely addictive horror/platformer experience in a delightfully dark package complete with stunning visuals and a remarkably fresh style of gameplay. While there are areas to be polished (as with any game) and the difficulty of the gameplay may be too much for some, those who stick through to the end are guaranteed a rewarding experience."
,Recommended,211260,11069762,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Marshmallow Raven(Ada),"This game may be frustrating, but it is extremely fun. It's very unique and worth any dime. I bought it on discount during the summer sale, but I would still recommend buying it at it's original price.I would highly reccomend it to people who love dark games and enjoy gore or gothic themes."
,Not Recommended,211260,19554379,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,The Fergand,"I really want to like this game, it looks like a good tough as nails platformer; however, despite otherwise smooth controls, the one button for every attack is just a poor design choice and leads to incredibly frustrating gameplay. When I nearly get to a checkpoint after a difficult section, only to die because I did an upward attack instead of a dash attack, just makes me want to throw my controller. The game is otherwise a lot of fun, but the necessity of being ultra precise with the joystick to do the correct attack while simultaniously trying to be ultra precise with your movements on the same joystick is obnoxiously frustrating. We don't need a game designed for the NES controller anymore."
,Not Recommended,211260,19791208,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LewdGeek©,A lot of glitch in the Graphic config menu and an option to choose the language but only english is available :S
,Recommended,211260,16528478,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,🐗 Lunarch,"Much blood, Many bodies, awesome gameplay.It gets progressively harder each level, but starts at a nice pace to learn the controls, which are not that difficult to begin with. Graphics are nice, for a pixel game ofcourse, gameplay is smooth and deaths are gruesome, just the way you like it!The music is fitting and the effects on death are a nice touch."
,Recommended,211260,6468158,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,enthralledecay,I love gothic and I'm addicted to difficult platformers. This game brings the perfect combo!
,Recommended,211260,6305020,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Specialist Wolf ((RAGE)),"Super Meat Boy with combat, that is all that really needs to be said, also it is kind of dark, very fun, and can be hard"
,Not Recommended,211260,22049472,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Whitcliffe,"no me gusta. not as responsive as super meat boy, not as slicy as other platformers."
,Recommended,211260,22364741,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Ember1654,Another great platform game.10/10
,Recommended,211260,23837818,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Yukiteno,I love this game
,Recommended,211260,23879406,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Suz,I've never hated squids with such a fiery passion before!
,Not Recommended,211260,12880470,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Anshul,"I have a mixed feeling about this game. I cant fully recommend it but if you crazy about platformers its worth a try. First of all it is kinda hard but thats not a big deal, I like games that are hard. The unpredictability of controls (especially on those slippery surfaces) makes it harder and frustrating. In many places the game only shows you a very small part of the level that is coming next which basically boils down taking a leap of faith and hope that you land on the safe platform. Most of it is trial an error and you end up dying a lot. The next time you try you have to memorize as where you can go and where you cannot go. So it becomes a memory game for a while and instead of enjoying the game you fight with the game.I would love to finish it but I think I am done playing this game!"
,Recommended,211260,17714948,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,death by memes,"""Fiendishly difficult"" is putting it lightly.If you're a bloodthirsty masochist, u will enjoy this game"
,Recommended,211260,6917903,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Jäger,PIXELS BLOOD EVERYWHERE !!!! [4.5/5*]
76561198153141387,Recommended,211260,33381575,Posted: 8 July,all,jgofourth,The game is okay but it would be much better if the control sensitivity wasn't so high.  Even the menu screens were difficult to navigate since even the slightest movement sent the cursor off to the races.
,Recommended,211260,33246663,Posted: 4 July,all,RakeHell,"They aren't kidding when they say extremely precise platforming. So. Much. Rage. The controls make sense, but the physics doesn't which makes the ""extremely tight controls"" unintuitive."
,Recommended,211260,33296304,Posted: 5 July,all,Boscular Madness,This game makes me want to shoot myself but the feeling of acomplishment at the end makes it all worth the broken controllers. :3
,Recommended,211260,16260932,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,hahabst1025,"Dream 3 is fxxkin hard,almost crash inside me10/10"
76561198127692561,Recommended,211260,25966453,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hatler,"I used to think first person shooter games are the best games in the world. After playing this game, i don't think like that anymore. I mean, it's hard to think anything when half of your brain is all over the ground after shooting yourself.9/11would die again and again and again until I put a bullet in me head"
,Recommended,211260,11150860,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Chef,I rate this game 12 rage quits out of 10.
,Recommended,211260,5144754,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,yazukiwolf,ニコニコで現在実況中。
,Recommended,211260,5983011,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,8/10
,Recommended,211260,7699964,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Saxman Steph,Like punching yourself in the♥♥♥♥♥♥with a fist full of kittens.10/10
,Recommended,211260,11010562,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Hoodiepanda,"Really great game, but insanely rage inducing if you have no idea. You can see my first impressions video down below to see how you'd feel if you play like me, just run in and hope for the best:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQegT_wquKA&list=PLnKvW4neS0CXlsCcq92VzvSCX9HitoW70"
76561198070792465,Not Recommended,211260,21083140,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,donut,"Now, you're probably looking at this and wondering why I gave a bad review with barely any playtime. I admit that this looks like a great game, and somthing I would play, at that. But, the one button combat has ruined pretty much everything. The game does not seem to be able to tell the difference of tapping 'x' to stab, or holding 'x' to kick. This may be something about my keyboard, but I can't give this I good review when I can't actually play the game because I cant open a door by tapping 'x'.  (I am using a Corsair STRAFE keyboard with Cherry MX borwn switches, but this might be me being silly, tho there are other reports of this)"
76561198060070835,Not Recommended,211260,11866305,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Mother_Aeris,For masochists only.
,Recommended,211260,32034314,Posted: 28 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,211260,16307246,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Qoe,This♥♥♥♥♥♥was made by Satan himself.666/10
,Not Recommended,211260,2958863,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Shaezerus,"Remember this phrase for later: ""THAT ♥♥♥♥ING GHOST! WHY IS THERE A GHOST THERE? WHO WOULD PUT A GHOST THERE?! I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THAT GUY""The game is cute and put together extremely well aesthetically, but actually playing it eventually becomes an exercise in how long it takes before you're running purely on spite. A double-jump should and does not excuse controls just floaty enough to be the primary source of the game's difficulty, hurtling you into one of many, many layers of spikes which then bounce you into more spikes."
,Not Recommended,211260,8032301,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Lawful Good Necromancer,"Brutally challenging from the get-go, which isn't a problem in and of itself, but when paired with difficult, unintuitive controls, which are completely unplayable without the use of the gamepad and quite frustrating even with one, the end result is nothing but a headache. Respawning takes too long, especially in a game that's centered around you dying again and again and again...and again. (And again.) The concept is great, but you could get the same results from slamming your head into a brick wall repeatedly as you would from playing this game. I would only reccomend this game to those who really, really like platformers and have a ton of patience."
,Not Recommended,211260,15149922,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,bfRheostat,"Everything is fine... except controls.I like hard games. But this game reach hardness with its' bad controls scheme and time by time ridiculously uncontrollable protagonist little girl.Controls are both sloppy and illogical. A lot of buttons are there but they limited you only one attack button. For example, you have to kick someone to without touching dpad/arrow keys and hit the attack button. It's OK to ""simplify the controls"" (on the paper) but in that kind of game, it's frustrating and bad. It leads player to use kick when they don't want to (or opposite, it leads player to use slash). Why they didn't assign an extra key for kick? i.e. X button for X360 controllers? Or RB/LB maybe? Or any other one key of tens of keys on our lovely keyboards?Because of that bad controls scheme, i just lost the little cute girl on the sawblades, spikes or in some specific battle conditions which those losses wouldn't even had to be happen.Also hit detection a little bit off.I don't know. If you still want to buy, give it a try. It's a good game but controls are frustrating enough.Pros:+ Good 16-bit era graphics+ Particle and gib effects+ Combos+ Interesting story+ Level designs+ Music distortion effect when you dieCons:- Repetitive and mediocre, forgettable background music- Extremely frustrating controls (which makes the game nearly unplayable)- There are some problems about hit detection- Jumping angle a little bit silly- Blowback while hit time by time a little bit exaggerated"
76561198001759501,Not Recommended,211260,7894345,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Unconomy,"Very disappointing... Most of the difficulty comes from the IMO terrible controls.  Pushing left or right you go from nothing to super fast in a split second to the point where even wall jumping onto a platform is usually ends with you flying off of the other side.  Combat controls are inexplicably awkward as well.  Don't forget to press forward while you attack otherwise you will just kick your enemy away but be careful because the first attack you do while pressing forward is a dash move.  Why not just map attack, kick and dash onto different buttons?  Save points create themselves when you stand still?  Again, this is why controllers have buttons.  Anyone can make a game hard by having the controls work against you.  Don't waste your time or energy."
,Recommended,211260,12787836,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Wankle,"""Fiendishly difficult"" is a particularly apt description of this particularly bloody platformer.With a difficulty ceiling rivaling that of Super Meat Boy, a challenging combo system, precise, deliberate controls and far more strategy than meets the eye, You'll be spilling quarts and quarts and quarts of blood, over and over, and over... and over again.Racing the clock, your combo chain and the level rewards are all overtly satsifying, and are all the more enhanced by the Lovecraftian themes and immense, splattering blood sprays.Good leaderboards and achievements are a nice bonus."
,Recommended,211260,17668049,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Snowfox,This is a really great challenging platformer game!Pros:-very interesting story-feels great to beat a level-works with controller (but I use a keyboard)-challenging-cool checkpoint systemCons:-you may rage quitPros outweigh the consShould you buy this game?Yes. 9/10
76561198014846561,Not Recommended,211260,8433894,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Typhin,"This game would be a lot better if the controls weren't so terrible.  The game tries to guess whether you want to dash in and attack, or smack them away from you, or kick, or strike, and it rarely guesses correctly.  This is especially infuriating when you have segments where you have to use specific moves at specific times, and the game decides that rather than letting you kick the enemy into spikes, you'd rather just sit there and wail on his perfect guard while the buzzsaw blades rip you apart."
,Not Recommended,211260,8234845,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,BetreutesWohnenTobias,"It's just not fun. Some punishingly difficult games like Super Meatboy, Hydorah or Binding of Isaac are fun to play despite dying all the time, They Bleed Pixels is just annoyingly hard. Controls and artstyle are good enough, and you can play this to satisfy your need to complete difficult games, but I wouldn't recommend it. There are more fun ways to prove your skill."
,Recommended,211260,12780769,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Teague Vox,"To start, the theme of this game is devilish difficulty. And it won't allow you to forget that. Theme-wise, it's a very dark, almost gothic kind of universe with alchemy and magical rituals and all manner of occulty goodness so if you're looking for a more noire-niche way to rip your hair out, look no further.Those who've played a lot of the more recent platformers like Super Meat Boy and to a much lesser extent, I Wanna Be The Guy, will have a ton of fun with this in that there's actually a way to defend yourself, engaging you with what you're playing a little more, or so I like to think. The controls are supurbly tight, which is a must for players trying to optimize speed runs and keep the adrenaline going, as well as the instant continuing after you're killed by something. Which EVERY GAME SHOULD HAVE ALWAYS. ALWAYS. (Which, also, the nice about it being that dying didn't immediately mean the end of a record run)I find the collectables to be really well placed and the scaling of difficulty in finding them, really thoughtful. The enemies were one of the things I had to say I was quite happy about. At first when you hear from someone else that you see the extent of the enemy list in the span of a few pages you think the game will turn out a bit dull but they use even the first thing you see, the shambler, in the most creativelly annoying ways possible, which I was pretty impressed with.I have to say I've put a lot of time into playing now and I would love to complete it but I don't have the attention span. It's not impossible for a casual gamer to get every blood badge but you'd have to be dedicated. In some respects it reminds me a lot of The Dishwasher: Dead Samurai but much less combat based, though there will be blood, delicious glorious blood in the form of pixels.4.5/5"
,Not Recommended,211260,19735084,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,cyborg mermaid,"It is not impossible to create a challenging platformer and still have it be enjoyable. Super Meat Boy did it. VVVVVV did it. They Bleed Pixels has not done it. This is more along the lines of I Wanna Be The Guy, where it is super difficult simply for the sake of being super difficult, but without the quirky silliness that IWBTG had, and without providing variety throughout the course of the game. Not even halfway through the game I had seen every single hazard TBP has to offer (spike, sawblade, monsters).The monsters are actually the biggest problem. The game tries to be both a precision platformer as well as a beat-em-up, but those two genres rely on completely opposing forces: the beat-em-up doesn't want the level to play exactly the same each way, where the precision platformer NEEDS it to, or it only becomes frustrating. Which is what TBP sadly ends up being. When a game fails to motivate its player enough to push through its obstacles, it has failed in its number one objective as a game.The girl's design is pretty cute at least."
,Not Recommended,211260,17490142,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,Meatboy look-a-like too hardcore sh*t with horrible controls. Your nerves aren't worth it.
76561198087447874,Not Recommended,211260,34598780,Posted: 29 August,all,THUNDER CRACKER,"Stylized art, use of combos, over-the-top platforming tactics, cool particle system (GORE), sound FX, and music.And while all of that is cool, the premise of the game revolves around one elements and like with most games that are centered around one element that sole element is going not to keep gamers coming back for very long.As you might have guessed I am referring to the over-use of carnage.Once the novelty of the carnage wares off, the overwhelming difficulty sets in and the player becomes brutality aware of the frustration and punishing platforming difficulity.The other three elements I refer to are the riducliously difficult platforming, the Lovecraftin themes and story, and the use of pickups to deterrmine the placement of save-spotsNow you might argue that there is more than one element to this game, and I would agree.but the fact is the game revoles only one of thos elements. Carnage. Everything you do results in the over-use of blood shaed and flaying body parts. There is next to zero story so any change of an RPG is out the window.Allow me to break each of these elements down you.1. Lovecraftin themes and cut-scenes. Yay.. nothing new there.2. Heart-based HP meter. An all-together bad idea.First , it is so uniginal that the use of them is becoming cliche and speaks of an amatuer dev who copies what other people did.Second, just because three points of life was enough to start with Zelda, does not mean that 3 hearts is enough for They Bleed Pixels or whatever game you can dream up.The boys who made this game might as well have given the player only one heart, because three isn't enough to get anywhere with. I constantly found myself giving up everytme I got injuried from the ice and spiked walls, because I knew that once I got passed them, I would not last long.3. The use of pickups to deterrmine the placement of save-spots.Whether this is a new idea or or so rare that I have never seen it before, the point is that a new idea doesn't not mean a good idea.While it is unique the problem lies in...A) if the player does lot do combos the player's save points become to close together to realy make any difference.B) If the save point is created right before an extremely hard area that doesn't have enough blood around to ensure a save point after that area the player is forced to redo those extremely hard areas again and again and again and again.Thus the player could easily spend 30 minutes on just one section of one level,4. Like a lot of developers (both indie and professional) they lack the awareness of the difference between challenging/difficult and punishing/frustrating.What many developers miss is that once a game become so difficult that it is frustrating the average playter will sto playing it and seek a refund.An element that devs often miss when making a game stand out or unique is that their platform design or their enemies are positioned in such a way that the design iteself becomes punishing to the player.The overall goal of any game (unless it is an expriemental game) is that the game should be beatable by the average gamer within a reasonable amount of time given the amount and length of the levels.No average gamer should have to spend 40 minutes on the first level (or any single level for that matter) when playing a platform / sidescroller.Having said that I have beaten severall of the hardest NES titels ever made and they were easier than this. Castlevania 3, Meganman 1 - 4, Ninja Gaiden 1 - 2, Castlevania 4 (SNES), and Super Mario World (SNES and all of its secrets ) and so on....5. NEVER center your game around only one concept.An example of this would to use Link 's hookshot and base a game on it.Another examle would be to use the gravity flipping of Gravity duck and base a game on it.Another is too center your game around carnage, espicially in this case given that once the novelty wares of so does the time spent playing it.Games should be multi-faceted.This is a classic example of 'how not to make a game'."
76561198069848983,Recommended,211260,20420932,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MGLX,Died so many times. Forget the meaning of happiness. Game crashed and I had redo 3 levels.10/10Would bleed pixels again
,Recommended,211260,9650107,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,mname jef,"THIS MUSIC, THIS GAMEPLAY, THIS."
76561198097892154,Recommended,211260,9656263,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Mrcaimito,9/10It's fun
,Recommended,211260,12067447,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,evil morty,it's okay
,Not Recommended,211260,10610285,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ForKevdo,"Simply too frustrating. The physics are terrible, so it's way too difficult to manage any sort of platforming, and boy is there some hard as balls platforming. A game shouldn't make you give up on the second level."
,Not Recommended,211260,7774514,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Boby,"Do not expect SMB with enemies, The game looks promising, but boy...It has cool music I have to say and good pixel art, altought the game is REALLY POORLY OPTIMIZED, like ti won't run on my laptop, that runs LoL on low, or Torchlight, it just hasnt enough fps to be playable so be warned about that. The dev promised a patch or rework a year ago and it hasn't been delivered. I would be happy with a sqeuel, but neither that happened.The levels are long, way longer than in SMB, you have checkpoints that you adquire by collecting, em points? or coins that you get by killing and doing combos or picking up the red bloody coins.The controls are also a problem, you kick and punch with the same key, but to punch you have to hold directions and ""action button"" lets call it, to kick (doesn't do damge) you press the button and to kick vertically you hold the button, so in an action platformer you got 3 actions in the same button... not a wise decision.I got until the very end (or almost) and I gave up (temporaly). Also the jumping feels kind of floaty for trying to be a precision platformer with enemies. So, overall, would not recomend"
76561198372814374,Recommended,211260,30694265,Posted: 23 March,all,jimmy.mcdaniel,this seems like a fun game to play!!!
,Recommended,211260,8050568,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,-TOKYO SEXWHALE-,Should be renamed to Jump and Stab: The Videogame.Jump and stab.
76561198020144608,Recommended,211260,14310132,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Clark Kent,GG. Fun. Nice colours & music. But oh so very difficult.
76561198020321400,Not Recommended,211260,13860872,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Super Ellis,"When I was looking to buy this game, I was told that it had very tight controls. HA!  THis game wouldn't know good controls if they were bit right in the bad hitboxes."
,Recommended,211260,8277427,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,♥Ｋｒｉｓｐｙ♥,"An extremely good game for the low cost. After spending much money on bigger budget titles, I had a few dollars to spare, and I decided to buy this, because I thought it looked cool. It turned out to be a great decision! Everything about this game is good. The music is catchy, it's challenging, the graphics are great, and the main character is just too cute.I'll probably never be able to collect all the pages in each level and acheive a perfect rank, but atleast I won't run out of things to attempt to do. I think I'm on the fourth level, and I'm having trouble beating it. For how cheap it was (espescially because it was on sale), this is one of the wiser purchases I've made."
,Recommended,211260,9153024,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ed Bones,Perfection.
,Recommended,211260,10819981,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gatchaa,Step1: Go to Canadian Bordering SchoolStep2: Get screwed by LiteratureStep3: Ballin Lobster ClawsStep4: ????Step5: Realize halfway through you are acctually an evolved Eggplant
,Recommended,211260,10589076,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jayce99,"This game is very wierd, and dark. If you like side-scrollers, you will love this. This game is both challenging(Monuvering around the area) and laid back(One button combat system). The combat system is very basic buut really shows its stuff when you start combos(Yes there are combos). I would recomend this to anyone who, as I said, likes side-scrolling platformers."
76561197981993323,Recommended,211260,10801947,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Drunk Zombie Apocalypse,KAUFT ES SOLANGE ES BILLIG IST !!!!
76561198048877128,Recommended,211260,10810973,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kyle,I hate this game.
,Recommended,211260,10816507,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Milkman,this game is amazing and everyone should play it
,Recommended,211260,10944168,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ferenik,"Fast paced and awesome platforming, stands on par with meatboy for pure difficulty and controls. Combat is varied and challenging. Highly recommend a Gamepad, this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211260,10203042,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,gaspipe,o god so hard it is making me hard
76561198319229596,Recommended,211260,24738567,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,johnnymakcc,good game
,Recommended,211260,8263010,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,NaniteCircuit,"Solid platforming and fighting, excellent soundtrack, and tough as nails."
76561197980969743,Recommended,211260,8404218,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,overrun06,"Good game, but difficulty ramps up pretty quickly. Don't play if you have you're quick to anger, better yet, record it if you are."
,Recommended,211260,8213768,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Stalfonic,Awesome! =D
,Recommended,211260,8253991,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jayme Allen,A tough-as-nails platformer starring a cute mythos-mutated lobster-girl?  Don't mind if I do.
76561198048244792,Recommended,211260,8268888,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jupiter Jones,"If you enjoy platformers and have a passing interest in eldritch horror, or enjoy eldritch horror and have a passing interest in platforming, this game is 100% worth it."
,Recommended,211260,8601730,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Neddie Van Halen,"absolutely brilliant, endless replay value for perfectionistsfiendishly difficult, to the point I regularly get stuck for weeks at a time before I surpass an obstacle"
,Recommended,211260,7907250,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Lost Princess,"fun and difficult, i love it. sometimes you  get a little lost but its pretty easy to fix that."
76561198038445606,Recommended,211260,7924315,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Synthetic Love,"Challenging, and with a fantastic soundtrack."
76561197994340598,Recommended,211260,7988389,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,HelpIveBeenShot,This game is moist and crunchy.
,Recommended,211260,8192964,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bill Teh Butcher,This is everything a platformer should be. best $2.49 i've ever spent
76561197976824494,Recommended,211260,7752914,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kungfurobb,old school killer platformer. love it
76561198038417054,Recommended,211260,7892195,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Goopy Toots,Frustratingly addictive
76561197995667852,Recommended,211260,31287910,Posted: 21 April,all,Jarbis,Very difficult. The control scheme is weird. The song I'm listening to is awful. I'm so sorry. Completing feels really good.
,Not Recommended,211260,13749889,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Portal Jumper,"I feel bad that I cannot recommend this game, but it`s just too unforgiving. It`s not even that fun. I want it too be fun, but it`s not. This game is painful just to play. I understand why the word bleed is in the title. I`m sure after playing this many people were bleeding on the inside. The cutscenes are really nice, but the game itself looks pretty dull in my opinion. And it feels like it controls terribly (which is a problem) I wanna keep going back to this game just to give it more tries though, but each time it just frusterates me, unlike other games."
,Recommended,211260,1295025,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,>f7> angrysquare,"Combo-based-2D-sidescroller-masocore-RPG, well worth playing if you like games like Super Meat Boy."
,Recommended,211260,31775548,Posted: 15 May,all,orkan,"If you look at most of the negative reviews, they finished the tutorial and that's all they did. Ignore"
,Recommended,211260,9002132,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,oh no oh no no no,"The only gimmick is done to death, they bleed pixels in every game,"
,Not Recommended,211260,23075479,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,VirgoBro,It kept launching with a blank screen. I was told to change the configuration and I ended up with a tiny window that constantly crashed. Completely unplayable.
,Recommended,211260,22700967,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Etchasketch,My wrists bleed pixels.
76561198022675945,Recommended,211260,9728669,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Superfly,My Thumbs bleed is a Cortisol inducing game that makes me want to SMASH everything in my house.
,Recommended,211260,17688243,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Red Winter,"Hard... as... balls... yes basketballsReally fun game. Its a really great platformer and I like how its like old konami games where u get only 3 lives. except you know u get 3 lives per level and there is no up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A for extra lives.Definatly reccomended for those who like platformers and difficult games"
,Recommended,211260,10824101,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Saint Satan,Typical hardcore platformer.8/10
,Recommended,211260,10889461,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cloverking,I feel kind of bad for enjoying this game as much as I do.Also it's really hard. I think I might be a gaming masochist.That's not really the problem though I already knew that.Play this game if you like death I guess.
,Not Recommended,211260,18544322,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Undermoose,"Sadly, though this game highly recommends using an Xbox controller for playing the game, it has a lot of trouble communicating with said control. Good job, programmers, good job!"
76561198052988940,Recommended,211260,9779400,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,LeahYeah,srsly one of the best games ever i♥♥♥♥♥♥you not
,Recommended,211260,9766041,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Tysaki,Very cool platformer with good combat (melee only).
,Recommended,211260,33799160,Posted: 25 July,all,Ral222,"Only the best FootKickers should dare embark on this sportventure. Despite the simplified rules, and easy to comprehend controls, it takes ounces and ounces (and a teaspoon) of skill to master such techniques as:-Kicking-Kicking-Kicking-Kissing-Kicking.Enshrouding these deep game mechanics is a powerful, moving storyline that will shake your understanding of footballing to its very core."
,Recommended,211260,1823420,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,ဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪ,"In They Bleed Pixels you play as a young girl going through a major identity crisis growing up in a mens only world. Not strong enough to meet the physical requirements to do the really physically demanding jobs like being a chemist or a mathematician. She is forced to resort to organising books at the local library when one day she stumbles across a japanese manga titled ""Persona 4"" which motivates her to gain the courage and strength to destroy her male oppressors."
,Recommended,211260,25640973,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Skyy,Cool fighter/platformer with a light horror theme.
,Recommended,211260,25867970,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Extracheesepopcorn,"Cool game, I'm gonna take a while to completed all the achievements."
,Recommended,211260,12605014,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Strawberry_Pajamas,"8.5/10A great game that pushes your reaction and planning skills to the max. Great level design and non stop threats to keep you on your toes. A good grab for anyone looking for simple, yet complex,"
,Recommended,211260,14441489,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,💠 Princess,My brother thought this game involved menstruation
,Not Recommended,211260,12741965,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Implojin,Cons: Floaty controls. Infodump tutorial levels. Limited viewport. Combo system fails to register randomly.Pros: It has a really nice looking menu.This game seems closer in spirit to IWBTG than any of the better precision platformers. Its difficulty is more about fighting the poor design than finessing your way through. Do not recommend.
,Not Recommended,211260,445985,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Soüp,"There seems to be a fad of brutally difficult, extremely frustrating indie games recently.  This game is the epitome of that fad.  If you enjoy doing the same part 20 times in a row until you get it perfect so you can continue, this is your game."
,Not Recommended,211260,33569853,Posted: 15 July,all,Sirmentio,"This game is literally hell on the last few levels, up to Super Meat Boy standards, except much more frustrating. I don't think I can recommend this game, I mean, I WOULD have, if not for the insane difficulty spike on the last world. So really, don't buy this."
76561198040949870,Recommended,211260,10552294,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Forenzik,Little purple loli girl finds H.P. Lovecraft book and fingers herself to it.10/10 would finger again
,Recommended,211260,14076144,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Possibly a ghost,like super meat boy but with cute monster girl10/10
76561198114034527,Recommended,211260,14529581,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Veralos,"The combat is fun, but the controls can be a little iffy at times. It seems uneccesary using only one button. Fighting airborne enemies (outside of launched shamblers) is awkward. It feels like you should pause momentarily when attacking in the air or something.The platforming controls, however, are spot on. Movement (usually) isn't too slippery, jump height is very controllable, and it's easy to jump on/off walls. The dash is also useful. It's very satisfying when you successfully navigate a dangerous segment.The two gameplay styles didn't always mix that well for me, unfortunately; it can be frustrating having to fight enemies when trying to avoid obstacles, and vice versa.The most unique mechanic is the ability to place your own checkpoints. It's cool and intuitive. Honestly, I'm surprised no other game (that I know of) has anything similar. This idea seems a little token in the later levels, though, as safe spots are both rare and specific.The cutscenes are neat - equal parts cute and creepy. It's a nice (as far as that word can be used with the subject matter) little story, and can be easily ignored if you don't care for it. I especially like the protagonist's design.Outside of the cutscenes, the audio and visual presentation is good, but not outstanding. The backgrounds are pretty, though.Ultimately, though, this game is a precision platformer. Your decision to get it or not should reflect that. There's no unfair hidden traps or anything, but there will be plenty of deaths from missed jumps or poor timing. If you can deal with that, you'll like this game. Otherwise, stay away. Fortunately, I can."
,Recommended,211260,12852780,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Pixelmage,"Hard. Very hard. As in, ""Oh god why am I even trying to do this?"" hard.The save system mitigates it a little, but the level design is completely sadistic - you might make things easy on yourself saving often; or you might invite hell by dropping a checkpoint somewhere awkward. If you don't like challenging platform games, I'd actually advise against trying this.That said. I love the aesthetic, the music and the theming. Nothing like a purple little girl shredding assorted hordes of eldritch horrors. ^_^"
,Not Recommended,211260,12884169,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Xibanya,"I feel like this game is hard in an unfair way.  Virtually all surfaces are slippery making walking imprecise and your character's movements while jumping are unpredictable.  Dying repeatedly due to not having full control of the character makes the game incredibly tedious.If you want a hard but fair platformer, pick up Electronic Super Joy instead."
,Recommended,211260,12818817,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,DorcasAurelia,"Are you prepared for some old-school, Nintendo-hard platformer with a pixelated Lovecraftian aesthetic? Just making it through the levels is pretty challenging, but if you're going for completion, get ready to start tearing your hair out. The platforming on its own is fun, and you start off with double jump and wall climbing abilities (the latter being an obvious application of having claws for hands), and the enemies that aren't shamblers require some deftness and skill to dispatch safely, but combine them and things can quickly get hellish.Fortunately, you get three hitpoints to work with, and when you activate a save sigil (read: checkpoint) you get them all back. Save sigils aren't located at designated points, but are earned through collecting blood drops and killing enemies (higher combos earn sigils faster), and can then be created on (non-icy) flat ground a safe distance from death traps (stationary floor spikes don't block sigils, fortunately).Unfortunately, some of the difficulty comes from controls or mechanics that could use minor tweaks. Movement (especially while jumping) could be a little tighter, and this is particularly noticeable on sections full of icy platforms, when landing with even no horizontal momentum still causes the player to slip forward at surprising speed, often towards spikes or buzzsaws. The two button controls can be unecessarily restrictive. Stab and kick are assigned to the same button, depending on whether you press just attack or also hold left/right. The problem occurs when you want to dash, which uses the exact same key combination as stab, but when you're already moving. This is an issue that could have easily been avoided by making kick and stab two different buttons. Additionally, the rebound from hits is pretty severe, which can be incredibly frustrating on small platforms, and while recovery is fairly quick, there is no temporary invulnerability following a hit, which combined with the knockback can turn a minor misstep into instant death."
76561198091344276,Recommended,211260,12992061,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BruteForceEquilibrium,"This game is so good! 1.5 hours isn't much but I'm working in game maker and it takes most of my time away from playing games. If you like pixel art then this game is for you. It's hard but not too hard and it's satisfying when you make progress. When on sale, it's a must buy hands down."
,Not Recommended,211260,13384459,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,jjgamez64,"This game started out pretty neat. The concepts were good, the art was charming.But this game's execution is AWFUL.This is pretty much a super gothic Meat Boy clone except with combat. And while that sounds cool, its done bad.The combat in this game is bland and the control scheme is really bad.And the movement was NOT tight enough to let this be a fun platformer.I enjoy challenging games, but a game should NOT be so hard that it stops being enjoyable.Dream 3 Chapter 2 (The level with the chains in the background) is like a big ""♥♥♥♥ YOU"" to the players.And I've never wanted a ""Refund"" option more than I do with this game. It is insulting that this costs money.It's a real damn same. I loved the indie commnuity invovlement in the game's extras. But this game was made too poorly for what it wanted to accomplish."
,Recommended,211260,10823630,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nut King,hardest f-ing game every played can't get past level 2 awww yis10/10 10/10 100/100 best game best game
,Recommended,211260,12709371,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SugarDaddy69,"Great game! Hard but genius! Big thanks for the author, the one who solved my problem with this game."
,Not Recommended,211260,21031400,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Tama Derpface,"Yet another ""I want to bring back the good old times, where games were actually hard"" type of game.Interesting story, very nice art, and very well put together overall. The music is great and fits the setting and story.The best thing with the game is the checkpoint system which you can set yourself and is based on how well you jump through the map, or how well you execute your enemies; Either by combos or by knocking them into various dangerous contrapments, like buzzsaws and spike-pits.That's where the good things end, more or less. From then on is just another masochistic suicide game where you will die over and over until your vision is so blurred from watching your heavily pixelated screen for too long.The grabbing mechanic is sloppy as all hell, jumping works when it wants to, and according to the game; Letting go off of a wall counts as a jump. This makes wallclimbing not only a nightmare, but also a reoccuring part which you will hate forever on. All your attacks are bound to a single button. Innovative, I know! It's not like you have a whole keyboard/controller to bind things to. But I suppose the creators wanted the game to be able to play perfectly on a NES controller or something...Once you bounce off of spikes twice, they give you a free jump for no reason, only for you to bounce off of the spikes again and die horribly, giving you a fraction of a second to think that you might actually survive actually touching a spike for once. And yes, the spikes. The sharp and deadly things covering 97.5% of every wall, floor, and ceiling of the whole game. Another 2% is then covered my moving sawblades, which will happily not only deal damage to you, but send you flying in a wild different direction, and get you killed in ways you'd find almost unimaginable.Ramping difficulty is not present in any shape or form after the starting area on the first level. There's no area between ""First baby's steps"" and ""Welcome to hell: By the time you are done with a single level, you will already have forgotten about any kind of story or plot"".There's two difficulty settings however to choose from before you start the game; Which are ""Novice"" and ""Standard"".These should actually be called &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥Easy with no unlocks or rewards"" and ""Very Hard"".The game isn't impossible to play for us mortals, but unless you are extremely patient and don't mind dying on the same spot for thirty minutes, only for you to finally pass that one point only to find yet another spot to die on for thirty minutes, then go on and play this game.The game would do better on a handheld, since it makes you forget about time and space, and is a great way to kill time. But if you're sitting in front of your computer, there are far more interesting games to spend your time and money on."
,Recommended,211260,7988553,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,PorygonZ,Steam Train
76561198266954471,Not Recommended,211260,20035420,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,vault-10,an extremly tedious game and a waste of money
,Recommended,211260,10953797,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,blood of kane
76561198027863945,Not Recommended,211260,13855006,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,maye,not as good as people thin
,Recommended,211260,5271454,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,LVL 99 Slime,"a great game if you have the time to play it. like super meat boy but sligtly more gore, plus a good story line."
,Not Recommended,211260,35385001,Posted: 1 October,all,Arkan01d,Wish I had known this game was Super Meat Boy. I don't like that style of game
,Not Recommended,211260,10729787,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BridgetFisher,"This side scrolling game is just like an old platformer complete with terrible controls that barely work.  The game starts off expecting the player to have mastered the controls, which doesnt matter since its a 50/50 shot if the controls will respond properly.  The difficulty should be in mastering the controls for the game to pass levels, but this is impossible since often the controls dont seem to respond at all.The gameplay for They Bleed Pixels is all about trial and error with memorization, just memorize the pattern, hope the controls work, and BOOM you win.  You dont need to buy this game to experience playing They Bleed Pixels.  Get a deck of cards and a lego, throw both on the floor.  Now guess the card your about to pick up, everytime your wrong step on the lego!  Rinse and repeat until you memorize the whole pile, feel good? Didnt think so because even if you win you lose, this game lost my save data so it was all just a waste of time anyways.Dont let its cute looks fool you, there is no rewarding gameplay due to the terrible controls.Rating:  1/10  Value:  $0.99"
,Not Recommended,211260,22207632,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,time to cry #2,"There are fun rage games, and there are rage games that make you want to drink pure, Columbian bleach.The way this game makes itself difficult is really cheap. Buzzsaw hit detection range is absurdly broken and will knock you back like a ♥♥♥♥ing spring, making it almost impossible to control yourself once hit. Incredibly annoying obstacle placements that seem to take advantage of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls this game has.And majority of the latter levels which most players would consider ""difficult"" are just buzzsaws and spikes placed everywhere you lay your eyes on. Nothing exciting, just more of the same rage-trigger obstacle. Each chapter has some sort of an atmosphere to it, whether it be hellfire or underwater, but none of that relates to the actual gameplay. Is putting lava or lowering gravity really that difficult?As others said, the game often gets confused as to what you're trying to do in the game. They make you attack with the same X button for all attacks, why?? Why not make C as the kick button and X as the stab button? A lot of the aspects are simply infuriating and it feels like I'm playing one of those Kaizo Mario games from the old days."
,Not Recommended,211260,26360121,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Webby,"In a work I'd class this game as frustrating. It's as hard as a hard boiled egg. Mammy, put on the spuds."
76561198012829078,Not Recommended,211260,22871441,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Credo,"Really bad controls.  Uses hardly any buttons, but stacks functions on the buttons is does use."
76561198011322908,Not Recommended,211260,12793769,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,pegi989,The control is floaty and sometimes completely ignores what you you press and it get's mercilessly hard as fast as possiblethe music is good
,Not Recommended,211260,16817366,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,super meat boy
,Not Recommended,211260,23023798,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The Pepperoni HeadCrab,ICE PHYSICS!!!
76561198048576066,Recommended,211260,28597933,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BonMorrisonGrey,F.U.C.KTHISGAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEMCSDLCNWLSKDNCLNlndhuy3082r098uydsjlo9ijhwouvclksanasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdas!!!!!! o_OBut the backgrounds are pretty neat.Would mestruate again11/10
,Not Recommended,211260,7983188,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lousywater,I would not reccomend this game as it does not work.
,Recommended,211260,12651296,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ghosts.EXE,"DON'T BUY IT9/10Buy it, it's good"
76561197965044333,Not Recommended,211260,23804981,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,$l@$h Puppy,"This game is a terribly flawed gem. And it's a simple one at that. Simply put, this game demands one thing and one thing alone from you as a player: PRECISION. If you're not a precise gamer, stop reading this review and find yourself another game. Still here? Alright, this game will teach you one button combat, you have to master it perfectly or you're going to die. It teaches you platforming. One pixel off and you're going to die. It'll teach you save management, stand one pixel wrongly and you're not going to save and thus you're going to die. It teaches you timing, be one split second too late with a jump and you you're going to die.As others have said, this game isn't really big on freedom for you as the player. Each level is an obstacle course with only one solution and until you master that solution with your PRECISION you will not win. Simple as that. There's no gray scales here, either you suck or you own it as a player. Now, the upside to this is that when you beat a level, you will automatically have OWNED it totally. Because there is no other way to beat it.  You will own it, it's that simple. You will feel like you owned it too. You will pat yourself on the back and try the next level, where you repeat it all over again.And that's where the game falls apart completely. Now, I don't know if later levels change up the formula, but I highly doubt it. I would have liked to see where the story went, but since the alternative is to basically bash my head over and over against incredibly difficult puzzles, I figured I'd quit while I was ahead.However, there are good parts to this game for those people with patience. For one, the storyline is simple, but really intriguing, the graphics are quite fantastic as well. The blood splatters are hauntingly awesome. The animation of the main character is also expertly done. For some reason, I've gotten hung up on the way she kicks, she just looks incredibly relaxed when she does it, like she knows her stuff. In fact, much like with Dark Messiah, kicking your enemies into traps is ridiculously satisfying. The ensuring shower of blood is better beating any level. And that's where I feel the game has one of it's weak points. Because this game really could have used some more involved combat than what is. Now, don't get me wrong, the moves that are there can be used in many cool ways, but there is just the potential for so much more in there.Additionally, on a sidenote: the soundtrack is awesome. Hands down, it's just the kind of tight NES Pop that we oldies used to groove to as a kids.Overall though (and this is the sad part of my review) I cannot with a good conscience recommend this game to anyone but the most die hard platformer fans, because they're the only ones that are going to have a shadow of a chance to beat it. I had a look at the achivements and only 1.8% of everyone playing this has completed this on novice difficulty, that should tell you all you need to know."
76561198059532313,Not Recommended,211260,25926540,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FriendlyAssassin,A platformer with terrible level designs and terrible controls that ruin a fun and beautiful game
,Recommended,211260,23251797,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),"Damm, now I wish for more Cthulhu stuff on Steam."
,Not Recommended,211260,19730785,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"I'm almost certian this is how the games design went down.Several people sitting in a room, brainstorming ideas.""Hey Geoff, how can we make the game ya know... a little harder""Geoff whips his hands out his pants with the speed of Usain Bolt.""Oh uhh... maybe make the level design as tight as a nuns♥♥♥♥♥♥ where the player is bound to die if he or she hasn't memorized the entire level. Oh and uh, make the controls clunky too. That worked for the PC port of Dark Souls, people still think that's a hard game right Clive?""Clive grins like an OAP who's just discovered the use for Viagra and squeals like a little girl at a Beiber concert. He runs over, or rather, waddles, he is 180 pounds overweight, and smooches Geoff right on the lips.There's a pause.Then everyone in the room joins in the gay orgy.All that is less gay than this game. The levels are pretty short and could be finished in a minute or two if they weren't so tightly designed and didn't punish anyone who hasn't played the level to death before with instant kills and spike pits."
,Recommended,211260,30487536,Posted: 13 March,all,M⌬rtius,Its about pixels that bleed.
,Not Recommended,211260,25745224,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,mindofkaldra,poor level design and awful controls ruin what could have been a fun game
,Not Recommended,211260,12506873,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Mecatama,absolut app crush. do not run game. :(
,Not Recommended,211260,19148538,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Trollfgang,"At first it seems like a really nice action/platformer.And then, you will notice the lag between your inputs and the game. Also, the character take a little time (1-4 frames) to get to her max speed, and it makes all the difference in game that requires precision.Overall, those flaws are acceptable in the firsts levels, but unredeemable in the more difficults ones."
76561198154605312,Recommended,211260,19169901,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,"this game is one part super meat boy, one part lovecraft, and 5 parts awesome-over-the-top-blood-platforminng-hardness. i likes it i dew."
,Not Recommended,211260,18966349,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Shard,"They Bleed Pixels is a rhythm game pretending to be a platformer pretending to be a beat 'em up.At first, it seems like a respectable beat 'em up. You're rewarded for killing enemies in creative ways, and there's a creative save point system that lets you place checkpoints whereever you want.But slowly, like the game's protagonist, TBP starts to change, first into something strange, then something horrific. You realize, as the jumps become harder and the shallowness of the combat becomes clear, that no, this isn't a beat 'em up at all. This is a platformer, and a relatively tough one at that.If it ended there, the game would be fine. Tough, but fair. But then, the transformation reaches its completion.You start to realize that the game is intentionally limiting your checkpoints to pre-defined areas.You start to realize that the game is limiting where you can wall-jump, where you can stand still.You start to realize that placements of enemies block your jumps with dodgy collision detection.You start to realize that your combat capabilities are gimped in the air.You start to realize that some enemies don't follow the rules set by the game.You start to realize that enemies that used to be fun to kill are now insurmountable obstacles, health-sponges that act as arbitrary walls.You start repeating the same pixel perfect motion, over and over.The game starts punishing you for not doing them fast enough.You start to wish the game would kill you faster.Why bother with a health bar when one misstep leads to your death anyway?Why bother having spikes and saws that don't kill you in one hit when they send you careening fatally across the screen anway?And then you realize that there's only one real path to everything.You realize that you're playing a rhythm game where the steps are invisible and the music is bad.You enter a cramped elevator shaft with enemies that never die and punch you to death in three frames.And then you turn the game off, ship it off to the 'Beaten' section of your library, and watch the ending on youtube, if you even still care about its vague, cthulu-themed excuse plot by then.In short, spend your money and your time elsewhere."
76561198032866532,Recommended,211260,19139061,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Choirmaestro,"It's a really fun game, but also challenging. One of those games you should buy if you want to feel like you're back in old school times, but also want more to do than the old arcade games."
,Not Recommended,211260,18876024,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Fukufire,"This is more to say that I don't recommend the game rather than saying the game is bad. It's not a bad game by any means, it's just a decent game with a crippling flaw. I won't go into too much detail since many of the other reviews already have.Bottom line is that the controls aren't very good. It's very easy to misinput with the single button combat and the physics are extremely light, there's no sense of weight. Doesn't help the game only has one speed, very fast. There's never any way to properly complete tight platforming sections since you can never move slowly or take your time.The game starts off strong but by the time you reach the second level then things start to fall apart. Pretty much I'll say the game is only worth buying for those who enjoy extreme platformers and for those who can put up with flaws in a game to see where it shines. Really, this game has some great stuff going for it but the controls are really holding this back from being a genuinely great experience."
,Not Recommended,211260,18823806,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,mrpatan,Meh
,Not Recommended,211260,19322714,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,StrangeAxle,"I'm trying, but I just don't get what ""hardcore"" enthusiasts see in this game.  The controls fight you every step of the way.  One button to jump, another to do everything else.  When I wanted to dash attack, the character would just stand there.  When I'd want to do a standing attack?  THAT'S when she'd dash... into a sawblade... then bounce back... into another sawblade or spikes... or bomb... The knockback is punishing too.  In later levels, if you get hit once, you might as well reset the level.  You get knocked around like a pinball in most cases dealing with saws and spikes.The level design puts up a challenge, and shouldn't be THAT excrutiating, if the controls weren't harsh.  The controls make what may seem to be a simple obstacle into a nightmare, even on the earlier levels.  There's a difference between a challenge, and just punishment, and a lot of ""retro"" developers these days don't seem to be getting it.  And speaking of punishment, like many have said, there's just not enough reward for going through such punishment -- maybe stroking your e-peen on leaderboards and achievments, if that gets you off.  But that's really all.I hate to sound old, but BACK IN MY DAY, games weren't this painful.  They were hard, but they weren't stupid.  Games made like this these days, it seems the devs want to take what actual retro games did, and just turn the dial up too high.I'll keep trying with this game, but countless deaths will waste a lot of players' time."
,Recommended,211260,19328830,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Seraph of Flame,Very enjoyable game. Worth it to buy the sounds pack
76561198067430234,Recommended,211260,19404345,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alternative Trash Bin,"Great art, great controls, strange story, die kill die"
,Recommended,211260,19270207,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Draikou,I find this game pretty enjoyable to play!I like the cute gore style of it.
76561198049323500,Recommended,211260,5410228,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,OtherPlayers,"A very fun game, especially for it's price. If you like super meat boy you should enjoy this one."
,Recommended,211260,3690399,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,SilentBugler,TBP a skill-focused platformer that manages to be challenging without being frustrating and neat little brawler that encourages creative use of combos and environment hazards.And it's rather cute.
76561198096560985,Recommended,211260,19274410,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rafa,rage quitted so often i fell in love with it
,Recommended,211260,405917,"Posted: 4 September, 2012",all,biogenesis,you should probably play this game
,Recommended,211260,19385164,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Petacraft,"A tiny little girl in a world of madness pulverizing fresh flesh, resulting in pools of blood. It's so much FUN!! Even though I've died a multiple time to pass through a level. But when you're coming back and play it again, you'll get better and better at it and it's satisfying.Also the music is absolutely soothing."
76561198043443489,Recommended,211260,19485033,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,tyke5140,"Play with a controller, save your checkpoints for as long as you possibly can, and prepare to die often."
76561198119412090,Recommended,211260,30642179,Posted: 20 March,all,PeachiiPup,.
,Recommended,211260,4708528,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Vii,"This game is a challenging, unforgiving platformer with cute graphics and unique cut scenes. I was a lot more impressed with this game than I thought I would be."
,Recommended,211260,3094957,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,audiophileKitsune,"Brutal but fair. Awesome music, controls well (at least with a gamepad, but I really don't recommend playing with a keyboard anyway) and the art style is pretty nice. A warning, though: The levels are long to the point where you could spend over an hour trying to beat them (two on the very last one). Also, take it from me: The last level is nightmarish enough so ignore that last page."
,Recommended,211260,773727,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,Gen&Jukes,This game is sick as hell!  Pick it up!
,Recommended,211260,3998379,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,loryka,"Difficult but fun, graphics are very cool to, sometimes you need the best of the past mixed with the artistic styles of today. Pretty cool game."
76561198010525195,Recommended,211260,30469152,Posted: 12 March,all,PeskyJim,Loved it :)
,Recommended,211260,617881,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,xs2007,"Bloody, insanely hard and totally awesome.Basically super meat boy combined with cuteness and a nicer background story."
,Recommended,211260,6591184,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Phango,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Эта игра порвала мой хуй, выебла в ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ и бросила на помойку подыхать!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,211260,4304466,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Kiryusha,Very tasty achievements!
,Recommended,211260,1183010,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Gobbu,This game is fun but is very hard. The difficulty curve is insane with the last few levels being way harder than the first few. Expect to die many times on a single area before moving forward. I would get this game if you really want a challenge and don't mind dying about 100 times per level. It's an endurance test and there will be many times you will just want to give up.
,Recommended,211260,6215607,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,WikiLECTUAL,"If your looking for a platforming, violent 2D side scrolling beatem' up with good music and a twisted storyline, look no further! But bring your best platforming get up because boy is this one difficult. There are sections I beat that made me feel like a damn magican, but  i cant stop playing it!! WELL WORTH the $2.50 summer sale price"
,Recommended,211260,1409902,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Zomnut,"Tight controls, fast action, clean graphics, and lots of red pixels."
,Recommended,211260,837395,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,NekoiNemo,Wow! Didn't have so much FUN since SMB!
,Recommended,211260,4698514,"Posted: 3 October, 2012",all,Cbrakasaurus55,"I bought this game a week ago, I've loved it since the first day. If you're into rager platformers (games like Super Meat Boy), this game's definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,211260,917667,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,CommandConquer,"If you took the works of H. P. Lovecraft and  the video game series Megaman and mixed them into a psychotic blender, this is the what would pour out of it."
,Recommended,211260,376963,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Ramboner,"More people should know about this game! Fun, challenging platformer. Like Super Meat Boy, but with combat. Cool music and retro style graphics. Worth your time!"
76561198043428449,Recommended,211260,4928949,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,..,A pretty good platformer that i'd reccomend if you just want a simple and joyful game all together...PONYCORN!
,Recommended,211260,1130304,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,duro dura,"A really hard platformer with fantastic mechanics. Movement revolves around sticking to walls, and double-jumping. Combat allows high kicks, low kicks, stabs, slams, mid-air combos, and lots of environmental kills. As you kill things and collect orbs, you fill a bar up allowing you to place a check-point."
76561198063061083,Recommended,211260,6292234,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,G.O.A.T,
,Recommended,211260,3639401,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,FrankenWhale,Do you enjoy Lovecraft-ian horror and being frustrated? If so you should buy this game. Warning: Game not liable for controller smashing or resurrection of Cthulu.
76561198117094568,Recommended,211260,8341822,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The good name haver,This game is balls to the wall yo. Friggin unbelievable.
,Recommended,211260,1627503,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Android,"This game is a really fun platformer, its quite challenging at times and should keep you entertained and a little frustrated. It has a cool art style and an interesting story. I highly recommend you get this game."
,Recommended,211260,1046684,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,General Krukov,"In They Bleed Pixels, you play as a Kawaii little girl with red claws. I kept seeing reviewers mention combos in their review. There is no intense fighting game combat here. Just a few simple juggle stuff. The general experience of the game is enjoyable  but the gameplay gets quite repetitive as there aren't much new stuff as you progress through the game."
,Recommended,211260,772694,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,TJX295,"Have you ever gotten angry on a platformer, because all you can do is jump on the damn enemies, or you have to avoid them? IT'S TIME TO GET SOME FORK HANDS AND RIP THEIR GUTS OUT!!! This game is a horror platformer with good combat mechanics, it is highly underrated. If you like horror, platforming, and killing♥♥♥♥♥♥then this is for you. This game is also horribly brutal and difficult at times, which is a good thing! I would recommend a controller."
76561198025474412,Recommended,211260,3637603,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Amins,"So simple, yet so fun. But good lord is it a perfectionist's nightmare."
,Recommended,211260,4225729,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,IvAnEss GroZNbly,"I am Dr. Zoidberg and this is my favorite game in the steam store!~ (V) (o,,,o) (V)"
,Recommended,211260,1613477,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Elby,"Cool style, solid platforming, fun combat (that encourages being creative) make this game pretty rad. It gets really difficult as it goes on, though, frustratingly so, so if you're not amazing at platformers, don't expect to beat it any time soon. It's checkpoint system does make you not have to go back far most of the time, though."
,Recommended,211260,2146022,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Banjito,"This game is simply wonderful. It's a casual, fun experience that surely won't cause you to rage-quit with the fury of ten-thousand white hot ♥♥♥♥ING SUNS ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥P.S. It's fun if you can handle having a rage aneurysm."
,Recommended,211260,11054363,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Pyron3rd,"I have a bit of a strange relationship with this game. I love it, but I hate it. It's great fun to play, but when I do play it, I want to throw my computer across the room. Maybe it's just because I'm garbage at platformers, but no game since Cloudbuilt or Hotline Miami has induced this much rage in me. This one gets a hearty recommendation from me, if you are into sadistically hard platformers. At least the combat system lets you take out your frustrations on the enemies by kicking them into buzzsaws. I'll be damned if that isn't satisfying every time."
76561198073870341,Not Recommended,211260,11025223,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Axel The Red,"I don't mind a difficult game, but when the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a very different case. You have ♥♥♥♥ing 4 butons on the controler for a reason, don't use only 2 to do everything!"
76561198004453394,Not Recommended,211260,11102783,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mr Murkle,"I'm going to have to add this to the list of games I will never complete.  It could have been really enjoyable (and to some of the more masochistic types out there it might be really enjoyable), but while I like a challenge this experience is totally marred by a rotten control system.  Linking all attacks to one button was an awful idea, and makes for insanely frustrating experiences as you attempt one attack yet the game decides you really wanted it to do something else.The visuals are nice, the sound is nice, and (for a while) the challenge is nice.  It just gets stupid after a while though, and seems to be difficult through bad design decisions rather than diffuclt purely as it is a challenge.I would not recommend this to anyone, but if you are a fan of this kind of thing dig in."
76561198001235481,Recommended,211260,11103141,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Cassius,You can have a bloody good time in this game.
,Recommended,211260,11117968,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Darth Imperious,"Great game.  Controls great on a keyboard and controller. No complaints on the gameplay, enemies, or the awesome soundstrack."
,Recommended,211260,11128668,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,lilacwire,"I am not normally a platformer, but I really am enjoying this game. It's unique and the music is fantastic. I love the Lovcraftian elements, too!"
,Recommended,211260,7121137,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Harmon,"This is a good grab for platformer fans. Yes, it's another retro game, but it's a good one. No bosses and a great checkpoint system. The game does get brutally hard in the final chapter... like Super Meat Boy brutal. I have thrown in the towel in the last chapter and have not beat it. May come back to it one day but even if I don't it was fun to play through the first 3 chapters."
76561198017117194,Recommended,211260,3080821,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Birthday,if you liked super meat boy. and you like being frustraited then youll love this game
,Recommended,211260,856088,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,waynski,"Reminds me of Super Meat Boy in a lot of different ways.A very, very good thing IMO."
,Recommended,211260,3533276,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Windroid@HK(復古),"Combo,Combo and ComboScores : 78/100"
76561198079284411,Recommended,211260,6913268,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,76561198079284411,Hard as hell. Brilliant as hard.
,Recommended,211260,3602726,"Posted: 11 October, 2012",all,Rod,"This amazing platformer has bloody pixels, combos and it's extremely difficult! If you appreciate a tough challenge and want to complete all achievements, I must say that maybe it's better to choose another game, because achieving ""S rank"" and speed run this one will flay your fingers for sure. Recommended for all old school guys who knows that ""NES difficulty"" is always better!"
,Recommended,211260,2622190,"Posted: 18 November, 2012",all,bikwin,It's like touhou if touhou was a lot more bloody and was nothing like touhou in the slightest.
,Recommended,211260,3127340,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Paladin_Vance,"Obvioulsy, there's a degree of masochism in playing games like these, but at the same time, quite a sense of satisfaction when you finally clear that 'ONE' jump, after letting a pile of 20 corpses accumulate."
,Recommended,211260,4724832,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Plombo,"They Bleed Pixels is a fantastic game.  Although its atmosphere might be the first thing to stand out, TBP has the best gameplay of any 2D platformer I've played since Super Meat Boy and Rayman Origins.  The physics and controls are very tight - I've spent several hours playing this game, died hundreds of times, and knew every time that my failure was my fault and not the game's.  The combat in the game feels very natural as a part of the game's core mechanics, and is easily the best I've seen in any 2D platormer.If you enjoy Super Meat Boy, Rayman Origins, and similar difficult-but-fair 2D platformers, They Bleed Pixels is highly recommended."
76561198045122684,Recommended,211260,13698210,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Questionable Nugget,"I haven't played much of this game, so take my review with a grain of salt. They Bleed Pixels is a 2D platformer/beat-em-up game. I haven't gone too far into the game, but feel I have played enough to give an opinion.Story-8/10I haven't really grasped the story in its entirety at this point but i'll try explaining it. The story is you are a girl going to a girl school. One day you are at the library and see a book bleeding. Curious, you grab the book and realize it's evil or something, so you bury it. The book wasn't happy about that, so in your dreams it turns you into a monster trying to escape other monsters that want you dead. You die in your dream, you die for real or something.Gameplay-9/10The gameplay is outstanding for me (although a bit repetitive). This game is very fast paced and is relatively difficult. Not only do you platform across stages, but you fight enemies along the way (I'll talk more about enemies later). The combat isn't limited to punches and kicks, however. The monster you become has claws and stuff that can stab enemies and perform several different moves. As well as your own weapons, the environment is a weapon as well! There are spikes and saw blades you can throw and kick enemies into (among other things), allowing for a wide range of ways to kill your enemies. The most unique part of this game to me is the Checkpoint system. In this game, you don't get a checkpoint halfway through the level. In this game, killing enemies and collecting certain objects in levels will allow you to CREATE the checkpoint (so long as there are no enemies or hazards nearby). There is a bar that, once filled, will allow you to create a checkpoint if you stand still and are not near anything hazardous to your health (a circle will grow and shrink around you to show the 'safe zone'). I feel this self checkpoint system is very unique and makes your deaths feel more like your fault rather than the games. This game also uses a 'heart' system for your health, allowing a few hits before death.Enemies-9/10The enemies are varied throughout the game. I'm only a couple levels in and I have seen many different enemies. You've got the generic enemies, you've got bomb enemies (that can blow up other enemies), you've got flying enemies and so on. As well as the enemies you have saw blades that hurt and spikes that can insta-kill should you miss a jump. Both saws and spikes are abundant, but they are placed in ways you can't really fault. The saws are placed in places where you should think before acting, while spikes are basically a replacement for the 'bottomless pit' insta-kill from other platformers. The enemies all have a certain amount of hits and repeating attacks can not only make killing an enemy difficult, but may also give you less Checkpoint progress.Sense of Progression-7/10Maybe I didn't play for long enough, but I had no real feeling of progression besides going to the next level. Cutscenes between levels were the same and I never really felt like I was going anywhere besides a new level.Graphics-8/10The name may have tipped you off, but this game is in pixels, although that's not a bad thing. Colors are abundant and animations are smooth, making this game a treat to look at compared to other pixel games. However, textures are repeated time and time again to the point that seeing that enemy get impaled on a spike for the 7th time loses its charm. I won't fault the game for having simple graphics, just for not changing the formula often enough to make them seem like they actually attempted to make a pixel game look gory.Overall-8/10Is it perfect? No. Amazing? Less no, but still no. Worth playing? Definitely. If you're a fan of 2D platformers but are tired of games like Mario where jumping on the enemy is enough, this game would be a good choice. Don't go spending $30 on it, but if you can get it for $10 or less, I would recommend getting this game. It's difficult and it quickly loses its ""Wow!"" after a few levels, but if you can enjoy the gameplay and not the graphics or story, this game will give you a good time."
76561198046721038,Recommended,211260,13720885,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,FrostWolfe95,This is a brutally difficult platformer with great controls... with the exception of the combat. The 1-button combat feels a little clunky at times and I wish you could map different moves to the other buttons/keys.+Nice visuals+Good soundtrack+Spot on platforming-Meh 1-button combat mechanics
76561198155963608,Recommended,211260,13726817,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,friendlyPsycho,"This game is amazing.Despite being really difficult, its really fun and entertaining, even if i die over and over again.The controls are spot on( only played with keyboard), the movement is satisfying and the levels are really good. I didn't finish the game yet so i dont know how big he is.I recommend this game to everyone that loves a good challenge."
,Recommended,211260,13597393,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mareliant,A cool fast paced platformer with some fighting and combos on the side.It also have a hidden collectible system to spread it target market a little bit.A nice H.P. Lovecraft ambience implemented in the graphics and story.Cool basic pixelated graphics to boot.
,Recommended,211260,13600606,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,お前は既に心得る。,"The more blood you collect in the game, the less blood you have in real life.420/69 Would squid again."
,Recommended,211260,2918828,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,TheEmann,Enjoying immensely.  Fast and fun gameplay.
76561198025522487,Recommended,211260,14591545,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,flyz112,Challenging but very fun and addictive! Must try.
,Not Recommended,211260,13866409,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SNES Gamer,"Initially I loved this game, my game time is a little low because I bought so many others during the sale.This game is worth getting if it's 85-90% off, not otherwise.The controls are perfect, the art is everything I love and the fighting is simple yet complex at the same time, beautifully done.However, I've lost my saved data a third time now. I stop playing for a bit, come back to it and find my data is gone. I have to replay from Chapter 2 again.This game is SUPER fun if you like replaying the same crap over and over and over again if you want to quit the game. Or you could just leave your PC on all day and all night."
76561198032548939,Recommended,211260,13871175,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ColaAddict,"Value for Entertainment: $3.50They Bleed Pixels is for hardcore platforming junkies only. It becomes hair-pullingly difficult in its second half, and if you're not prepared to memorize enemy patterns and master every element you're not going to get much out of it. For them, it is recommended during a Steam sale.I poured about six hours into the game before quitting (for the time being). There are many better 'tough' platformers available (Super Meat Boy and Blood of the Werewolf come to mind), but if you've already payed through those this is pretty decent.Just prepare for premature baldness."
,Recommended,211260,13897741,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SpectreNihlus,"I haven't lost my temper like I have while playing this game in a long time. And even though I have to take  sanity breaks every few minuets to keep from throwing my computer into the street , I still enjoy it. Wonderful and appealing artwork and cool soundtrack, but if you don't have the patience and get frustrated easily stay away from this game."
,Recommended,211260,13899653,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Koga / Aelynn,"After a few levels: so far so good. This platformer caters much more to my taste than a Super Meat Boy. Better character, simple but efficient combat system, atmosphere, inspirations and story bits, and let's not forget about the music. Huge value as I could grab the indecent discount during the AGDQ event. =)"
,Recommended,211260,272541,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Slainv,"Better with a controller (as they say), a real gem. Unforgiving, but awesome!"
,Recommended,211260,14420674,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,nujumkey,"Rediculously difficult, but incredibly satisfying.It's a mix up of platforming and brawler that really keeps you on your toes. I'd love to see a speedrun of this game.PS- If you buy this game prepare to save...often"
,Recommended,211260,14494783,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Greendusk,If you like hard indy games you have to pick this up.
76561198000173113,Recommended,211260,14597235,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sm00thie b0i,"Fun little game , can be challenging sometimes . Pad is kinda mandatory."
76561198010781134,Recommended,211260,16194389,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,melvinh,"A nice, somewhat retro looking side scroller with nice music.Starts easy enough, but, well, the developers call this a ""fiendishly difficult action platformer"" for a reason (some of mine are: High Precision Platform Jumping, annoying monsters that meddle with your precision platforming, assist you in committing involuntary suicide (Spikes everywhere!) or simply slice you up.And who, generally speaking, need to be, well, cleaved into blody little pieces for you to be able to properly continue platforming)So, if you want one of these games, where you die on a regular basis, are then happy about that fleeting moment after you finally beat that nasty gorge and its spikes plus it's homicidal inhabitants just to find a much nastier gorge waiting just around the next corner then - YES - this game is for you.I do recomment the game (dying is  fun! -NOT-) and strongly suggest the usage of a Gamepad."
76561198047850891,Recommended,211260,16543457,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Eleanor,This game makes me want to kill myself. 10/10
,Recommended,211260,16402469,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,got dat dank donuts,"Pros:-very solid game, very well done indie game-the artstyle is awesome-the main character is adorable-game is challenging enough to where it'll♥♥♥♥♥♥you off enough to keep playing at times-collectables, timed runs, high scores, achievements, etc, to enchance replayabiltyCons:-combat isn't all that what they make it to be-controls are PRECISE. as in, somtimes, too precise. one wrong keystroke and you could get yourself killed-game is challenging, like Nintendo hard-controls, while precise, are also akward. game uses movement, attack, and jump keys-getting a perfect run(no dying, fast time, getting all pages, etc) will be very difficult, a bit too difficult at times and in in a good wayOverall:A well made game, enjoyable visuals with an interesting story.wish the controls were better, but overall worth the money,"
,Recommended,211260,16852329,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Flavored Owl,A very nice precision platformer. The controls are simple and precise.
,Recommended,211260,16854323,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Aryuna,"Came for the cute Lovecraftian monster girl, stayed for the wonderful frustration.10/10"
76561198031706948,Recommended,211260,16863934,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Boogeyman,"Lotta fun. Requires quite a bit of skill. If you like games like Super Meat Boy and are up for a good challenge, here you go. It also has a cool little combo system akin to a DmC like style fighting game."
76561198126143176,Recommended,211260,16305784,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Gunblade_Hero,"They Bleed Pixels is like a plate full of spicy food, you know it's going to be painful but it's so delicious that you can't resist (if you like spicy food that is.). A single level took me an hour to finish, an whole hour of delicious pain and suffering!11/10 Would feel pain again."
,Recommended,211260,16710286,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Fox,"This game is very clearly designed to be ridiculously difficult and give you very little room for error. Right from the start, the game is difficult, and it only gets more difficult from there. It's not at all a bad game, but you will curse and yell at the monitor a lot. It is slightly better than Dark Souls series... mostly cuz the controls actually work properly.I personally didn't like the default control setup, so I changed them to the ""WASD"" setup with ""Space bar"" for jumping and ""numpad 0"" for attacking. Camera movements were changed to arrow keys.Oh, and this game isn't really aspect ratio friendly. For ppl with 4:3 monitors, we have the option to have bars on top and bottom with popups being displayed inside them and staying there permanently, or having the screen stretched / zoomed in to fit which of course doesn't look nice at all."
,Recommended,211260,1225598,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Azaz,It's like a better Super Meat Boy! With no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs!
,Recommended,211260,19771281,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ray,"Comparisons to Super Meat Boy are pretty unfair. Unlike Super Meat Boy, this game is not garbage, and has many rewarding mechanics to master. Features impalements that would make Dracula smile, were they happening to criminals and/or Turks rather than your player character."
,Recommended,211260,30650874,Posted: 21 March,all,Concussive,"If you don't mind dying over and over again, it's a fun and actually enjoyable game!Pros:I really loved that HP Lovecraftian theme.Good music pumping you upReally nice background workPretty challenging game!Blade hands :3 (Who wouldn't want those?)conSpent 0.3 hours so that I won't get addicted to it :3Overall the game is a 8 Tentacles/ 10 Tentacles from Cthulhu's beard."
,Recommended,211260,19748144,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Rappin' for Jesus,"If you like super meat boy, you should feel right at home with this game. Difficult yet fun. Great music. Art style is solid. The combo system is very satisfying."
76561197960636600,Recommended,211260,19796712,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Last$nus,Fantastic game! :)
,Not Recommended,211260,20337467,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[bard] Nilos,"This game has got nice graphics and would be a lot of fun, if only the keyboard controls would not entirely suck.Was it so hard, to simply assign two different keys for kicking and punching? The way it is in the game, punching always means moving into one direction. Is it some kind of cruel game element to annoy the player?"
,Recommended,211260,20221970,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NeonYellow,"Great pixel art, captivating atmosphere, deep and challenging gameplay, good music.  Be forewarned, it's extremely gloomy, violent, and difficult!!"
76561198022867745,Not Recommended,211260,20342386,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Apolodog,"I know this game is supposed to be difficult, but the way it handles it is subpar at best"
76561198064007343,Recommended,211260,20342755,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,YungRich Poverty,Great soundtrack and good game till late game. Then level design becomes extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. Also VERY unresponsive controls.
,Recommended,211260,19452161,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,farmerguy95,"The brutality is similar to Super Meat Boy. Its a fast platformer however it has some combat and checkpoints to ease some of the frustration. Theres also an easy(er) mode for the faint of heart. The art is great and music is on par. I highly reccomend it, especially if you've beaten SuperMeatBoy and want a similar game."
,Recommended,211260,317963,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Berq,"They DO, occasionally, bleed pixels.Far more often, however, YOU bleed pixels. Far FAR more often.TBP is old-school hard. That's fine as long as the game is still fun, a la NES Ninja Gaiden. At times TBP IS fun in the way I was expecting: a cute girl with monster hands rips up stuff in a shower of red squares. The trailer indicates this is what you'll generally find yourself doing. In reality, 95% of my first 2 hours involved ""don't land on the spikes"" jumping puzzles. That's just old-school frustrating.I'd rate TBP an easy 15% higher if the jumping physics didn't involve so much inertia. As it is, it's like controlling a garbage truck on ice, though the levels ask for an F1 racer on tarmac.PROTIP: Buy it for $1.69 like I did."
,Recommended,211260,4460395,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Patch,"This is a gorgeous goth-girl action platformer where viciousness is as important as platforming prowess. A unique mechanic is that you set your own checkpoint after acquiring the required amount of points, so a sort of strategic placement is involved, or you cannot put one down and shoot for a point bonus at the end for a ranking bonus. A beautiful game, but also very hard, you must master the combat to be truly successful."
,Recommended,211260,2149073,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,Alenonimo,Oh man… It's Super Meat Boy madness all over again! Quite fun too…
76561197985131433,Recommended,211260,1042523,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,msd,"This game can get silly difficult, but if you take your time, get over your frustrations, and play in sessions, you may just crank through it."
,Recommended,211260,6545164,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,A Sinister Pile of Leaves,Fun and hard old school style game that revolves around H.P. Lovecraft. Awesome!
76561198043773879,Recommended,211260,4960256,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Thannak (La Papa Grande),"I love this game, just good old fashioned platformer fun.  VERY tight controls, which is a must for me. I like the music, the artstyle is great, overall a good game.  Buy it."
76561197993817166,Recommended,211260,16635082,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,diztrakted,"This game... is hard beyond measure. I got it not long before it came out and did my level best to beat it. Well, let me repharase: I did my level best to 100% it.This was a mistake.If you have a completionist streak and are not an aspiring speed runner, this game is not for you. You will see that journal page behind the massive walls of spikes and commit yourself to hours of pain. The jumps are tight, almost pixel perfect in some cases, if you want to get every single hidden item. If you want to just complete the game, you're only in for 2/3 of that difficulty. It is a HARD GAME.This does not mean I don't love it. A good challenge is something I feel I should rise to, and the right player should too. Go ahead, challenge yourself with this game. I promise you'll regret it :D"
76561198058968401,Recommended,211260,16635123,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kalinenk,"... The backgrounds are mesmerizing. I looked at them, often, and came upon the discovery that if you don't look a squid in the eye and focus on the background instead, the squid may not dash to cut you in the middle of a jump that would have finally allowed you to break your best time. I am pretty sure of it, as a fact. Now that the troubled lady rest on a spike, I can look at them more. They truly are, mesmerizing."
76561197975985865,Recommended,211260,16644999,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,smk,Very GoodVery entertaining
,Recommended,211260,469314,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Mr Wendal,Fun platformer with fun melee combat. Cheap too
76561198078817006,Recommended,211260,16715401,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ashsmash,"Do you want something you can fail at over and over again, but get so addicted that you can't help but play? Great! They Bleed Pixels is your new addiction!This game has a killer soundtrack and a very neat (dark) story, and it will make you swear at your computer and your own clumsy fingers. It's unforgiving, but that just makes success even better. (No matter how fleeting it is.)"
76561198065648833,Recommended,211260,16605316,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ankhe,"It's on par with Super Meat Boy. Very demanding platformer with great gameplay, tight controls, distinctive feel and mesmerizing music. I can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,211260,16611974,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Markademus,Awesome! Very tough but rewarding platformer. Cool moves and a unique checkpoint system. Get it!
,Recommended,211260,16581565,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,princefado,I haven't gotten a single checkpoint in level 3. I died over 100 times in one level.But also I can't stop playing because this game is /really/ fun.
76561197980186686,Not Recommended,211260,16300791,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TrueChicken,"Fun game. The battle is really interesting and the enemies are challenging.The only thing that irritates me is super slow wall slide.. The movement is a little fiddly by the controls arent, so the gameplay feel fair. Actually half of the game id based on this.I dont get why super meat boy movement makes me feel so angry but in this game it actually doesnt.The animations are really pretty, I dont know why the ground/background are as pretty. (100% black ground.. some detail would be appreciated.I like the character very much as well.------------------------------------------------------------------------Updateafter playing a little more I changed my mind. The third dream the game becames just punishing, just too hard. Perfect jumps, sea of spikes, the game became your regular everyday normal rage game.I didnt even try the fourth dream, the third already tasted awful.And again, the same ground sprites..."
,Not Recommended,211260,16815329,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Hoot,Punishing without any sense of satisifaction.
,Recommended,211260,16822195,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,rieko,"Deliciously dastardly difficult platformer. It's like Super Mario World's Special World, Super Meat Boy, H.P. Lovecraft, E.A. Poe, and Disasterpeace had the most delightful love child."
,Recommended,211260,7364740,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,aPhilRa,"TL;DR - Get this game if you like platformers and are not easily frustrated!This game, THIS GAME...is an excellent platformer once you adapt to combat mechanic which can feel weird at times. But MAN, you need the patience of a saint and the persistence of a madman, because those levels are hard as !@#$.The controls(*) are spot on which leaves only you with no excuses for all those one way trips OF DEATH! You will be impaled, cut up, sliced and beaten to death before you even passed the prolog.(*) Game was played with a XBox 360 gamepad."
,Recommended,211260,6647238,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,moose_irl,"I really like this game, although I'm terrible at it. Good music and I'm a fan of the art style. Guest levels are fun. Precision timing and patience are needed, but the payoff is worth it."
,Recommended,211260,6561866,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Big Kahuna,This game is good. However it makes me question my life when the protagonist dies. Mostly due to the fact that she constantly gets impailed on a spike and released a horrifying scream.
,Recommended,211260,17994477,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mezzo,"I'm not sure how I feel about this game.  Obviously, I enjoyed it enough to finish it, but I also found it so difficult that I wanted to hurt myself and others. This is the kinda game that will get you so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off you could punch a baby. I actually may have only finished this game out of spite.I guess I would not recommend this game to anyone who is easily frustrated. I also can't recommend the game to people with anger management problems. If you can cope with extreme amounts of frustration, it's a very fun platformer with great controls and fantastic music. Gamepad is pretty much mandatory though.I've played my share of difficult games... Dark Souls, Rogue Legacy (which I have 100% completion), La Mulana (completed Hell Temple). This game took my patience just a bit too far at times."
,Recommended,211260,2465784,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,SirWulfric,"An excellent game! Every punishing death hurts  so good, and combat feels so fluid and satisfying, you should definitely grab this gem ;)"
,Recommended,211260,18120281,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Yorkin,"Best indie platformer I've played since Super Meat Boy!  Fun, difficult yet fair platforming with light, entertaining combat that's just enough of a nuisance to cause you many deaths without being overly frustating."
,Recommended,211260,8491332,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"A challenging game through and through, especially if you're a completionist like me. If I were to compare it with other games, I'd say it's a mixture of Super Meat Boy and Super House of Dead Ninjas even though TBP was released before the latter. It has the best from both worlds and adds to it with some of it's own peculiar elements.Honestly, the game looks great, feels great and has an awesome soundtrack to help motivate you wade through some of the most rage-inducing areas of the game.. of which there is more than plenty."
76561198081340194,Not Recommended,211260,13620785,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ProphetWhoMakesProfit,"They Bleed Pixels is one of thoughs games were you buy it 'casue it looks fun, but when you play it kind of sucks and you leave it in your game library to collect dust. The game is pretty much just the same old repetative 2d fighting and platforming. Its hard as BALLS and its ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating to trial and error trial and error Through each ♥♥♥♥ing level, You nead Iron patience to get through this game, But i will say one thing though, theonly good thing this game has going for it is the cutscenes (and the They Bleed ponnycorns extra map). 4/10"
76561198064347856,Not Recommended,211260,13556960,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lunar Scarred ,"I did want to like this game but the controls for the game really through off the flow of game play. Another issue was the game itself random changed loading speed, for a few minutes at a sluggish speed and then suddenly loading so quick you can't react fast enough.  Though when the game does run smoothly it is a good buy."
,Recommended,211260,13650161,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Antonisthier,"It's a good game. However, I'd mainly recommend it to people who are looking for a fair and difficult challenge. Look elsewhere if you're looking for something that offers a great deal of gameplay variety or catches the essence or the atmosphere of Lovecraft.As you might have guessed, I do have a number of things I don't like about the game. Ahem, ahem:- After a while, there's simply no new types of enemies to find anymore. Already after about 30% of the game, in fact. No new mechanics, either. No bosses. This is probably the biggest complaint I have with this game.- The interface and some of the graphic effects are in HD. This creates a bit of a clash with the game's old-school art style. The game's cutscenes look like they're from a Gameboy Advance game, the gameplay itself (mostly) looks like Gameboy Color on a ginormous screen - so far, completely fine - but then, the interface and the checkpoints look like Flash.- The story doesn't ever go anywhere. I know it's minimalistic and everything, but even NES games had more going on. I don't know anything about the protagonist or the villain, and I don't really know what exactly was going on in the game, either.- Not enough Lovecraft. Actually, not enough of anyone or anything, for that manner. This partly falls in line with my complaint about the story being too shallow, but there's not a whole lot of atmosphere, either."
76561198056402304,Recommended,211260,5972843,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,777,"ridiculously addictive and punishing, masochists unite"
76561198078917089,Not Recommended,211260,13550815,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,lordbabyfeet,"Well made but Sadistic. hoped for more combat less meatboy death puzzles.The checkpoint system would be great if the level designers weren't demons. You can't activate checkpoints if you're on Ice or moving so they keep on making key platforms ice and everytime I reach one that is iced just because it feels like a personal insult.Honestly I'm probably just not that good at it yet, but it reached a point where i don't need the stress it would take to get good enough at it."
76561198035824508,Recommended,211260,13554187,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mermaid Gundam,Mermaid Gundam supports these fine products.(I love this game... though it probably sounds like I'm doing a tourettes guy impression while I'm playing it.)
76561198027226961,Not Recommended,211260,14253902,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,JLDAGH,"Frickin' bloody frustrating. Expect to die between 50 - 100 times on the later levels. Do not buy this game unless you are an extremely, extremely patient man. I like the game, but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,211260,13890112,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Expired Orange Juice,"This game is brutual, merciless, and goddamn beautiful. The graphics are really unique and adorable and the blood is awesome. My thumb is sore from mashing the analog stick trying to clear these levels. It's so much fun but absolutely unforgiving."
,Recommended,211260,5516645,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,Dust,"Hard as ♥♥♥♥ and ripe with blood-soaked violence, this game keeps innovating with every level. Guarenteed frustration and also a sweet sense of accomplishment whenever you beat a level."
,Recommended,211260,2719844,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Tom,"2spooky&hard.But seriously this game is insanely hard, more than Super Meat Boy."
,Recommended,211260,2023554,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,kjun,"I love this so much, and I suck at it. :s"
76561198026931070,Recommended,211260,3747713,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Thekindlyones,A mixture of Super Meat Boy precision platforming and the Cthulhu Mythos wanting to kill you. Well worth the purchase if you like challenging games or have a fetish for impaling yourself on spikes.
,Recommended,211260,4828575,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Iggi,"For the truley sadistic, no joke.  Each level is increasingly harder then the last, and this game will frustrait you to the poing of wanting to strangle the little girl on the cover.  Music would be nice but if you're like me and end up dying over 20 times on a level then it may become a little repetitive.  Fun game though, side-scrolling jumping action game.  Big emphasis on the jumping."
76561197962822175,Recommended,211260,131226,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Indie Shibe,Crazy difficult but always fair and awesome platformer!
,Recommended,211260,2109732,"Posted: 13 September, 2012",all,Irespawnoften,FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
,Recommended,211260,1562197,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,MisterPliskin,Great Game. If you love Cthulu and platforming but hate your forearms this is a must buy.
,Recommended,211260,680413,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Dead Baby Jokes,"You will die, a lot. Kinda like super meat boy, the levels are really hard to navigate through. I am having a lot of fun playing through, well worth the money. Just don't try playing if you have had a few beers, you are liable to rage smash your controller."
,Recommended,211260,10981419,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Peekles,"""You'd bleed pixels too if you had a heart!"" 9/10This wonderful platformer reminds me of two of the greatest video games of all time; 'Super Smash Bros' and 'Super Meat Boy'. Now, that's a lot of 'super' for one game, I know. And you may be asking yourself how one game can have so much super in it. Well, the single button combat system is very reminiscent of 'Super Smash Bros' even though it's nowhere near as complex, while the level design and character controls seem to have been taken directly from 'Super Meat Boy'. And while we're talking about it, if you thought that 'Super Meat Boy' was a difficult game, then look out for this one because it's much, much, much harder. Now if that isn't the recipe for a fantastic game then I have no idea what is and quite frankly, I don't want to know."
,Recommended,211260,15105335,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ninja Pipes X,"Amazing artwork, particle effects, and music. I can't really say the same about the difficulty level. This game is fiendishly hard (Super Meat Boy level). For the hardcore only."
,Not Recommended,211260,15183498,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Genez5,"It's the farthest thing from being funny. I just dont  get why people like to get frustrated all over again, and again, and again and again.... you don't even fell happy after finishing a level because the only thing that comes to your mind are the 30 minutes  spent to do it, a waste of time.This game was made with the purpose of making you hate the wolrd. it has not an easy level to get you introduced to the game like world 1 of super meat boy, it's just not fair.i will recomend this game to gamers that are used to this kind of things, but i just dont think it's a game for everyone.The only pros for me are the soundtrack and the art."
,Not Recommended,211260,15314904,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Lip Service,Maybe I'm just a 2D Platformer snob but the handling in They Bleed Pixels is like trying to run the Ninja Warrior obstacle course after you've been pepper-sprayed.It's just not fun to control. Which is unfortunate because this game oozes character and heart.
,Recommended,211260,16353067,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CloudD901,So far so good. Gameplay takes some getting used to and I had to get a controller. Initially tried rebinding the keys but it just wasn't working out. Levels feel like a deathmaze but the dynamic checkpoints are a cool concept. The over-the-top pixelated blood splatters are a bit fun.
,Recommended,211260,16206571,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Keizgon,"This game, is bloody HARD. Literally, every surface is covered in your pixelated blood when you finish a level... and you know what? It's turning me into a masochist, it's that damn good! Kicking zombies and tricking (trust me, not that easy) mini Cthulhu into a saw never felt so good.They Bleed Pixels is a superbly crafted brawler/platformer featuring some of the best pixel art I've seen in a long time for cutscenes. Then there is the music. All of it is eerie, subtle, and I love it.Now if you'll excuse me, the Main Menu's tune is calling my name to buy the soundtrack as well."
,Recommended,211260,16145416,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ingosiegfried,Imagine a 2D Dark Souls... that summ it up
76561198009660267,Recommended,211260,16200232,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,oh boi...,"If BDSM is like this, I need to find some more leather...tbh this game is addicting, one more time syndrome all the way and the music is really grooveybuy for the soundtrack"
,Recommended,211260,16379516,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,／Ｎ／Ｔ／Ｘ／,"I'd really love to say this game is fun, and it was a great fun to play this game. However once you get into the game, you'll soon discover that things are rather hard than funny!Pros:+ Controller support+ Amazing OST+ Quite simple game mechanics (so you don't have to learn too many things in order to play)+ Old-school graphics+ Checkpoints every few seconds so you don't really have to play the whole level again+ Tons of blood!Cons:- You can't open Settings menu unless you take out all non-ASCII characters from your Steam nickname! (not a big problem, however it can be annoying for some people)- This game will make you rage very easily, especially if you're that kind of person who can get easily♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off (I'm not sure if this is a bad thing because it certainly made this way on purpose)TL;DR: 9/10 - If you're not scared of dying over and over again because of messed up combo or wrong jump timing, this is a game for you! :-)"
,Recommended,211260,16431029,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Von the Wat?,Delightfully brutal. Painfully hard. Gorgeous and charming. Definite yes.
76561198124233314,Recommended,211260,16418981,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dai-Khai-Sehn [ITA],"Good game, I'd recommend it.But a word of advice: there is a thin line between ""difficult"" and ""frustrating"". A line that has been crossed on the last level (the one accessible only with the ""Standard"" gameplay), where the game simply stops being fun. Having the player repeat the same portions of level hundreds of times is not my idea of ""entertaining""."
,Recommended,211260,15454585,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lúceen,"Press X nine thousands times to win. Try not to die. Or don't try. You will die either way.Pros:+ The game is a dish, served dark, spiced withblood. On dessert you'll get a story. Flavoured withblood. And as drink you'll get moreblood.+ Main character is a little cute girl in black dress. With claws instead of hands. And withbloodon the claws.+ An unusual one-button battle system, which can remind you of DMC. You can stab an enemy, kick him up, then stab him couple of times mid-air and then kick him at spikes on the wall, drawing morebloodwith each hit. Remember I told you aboutone-buttonbattle system?Cons:- Too short. I mean, come on, prologue and six levels? I want more *_*- Too many achievements and unlockable arts. Which unlock by completing achevements. ಠ_ಠ- You should have a gamepad. I can't imagine beating the game using keyboard.- Ok, some people say the controls are bad. I dunno, I didn't find them difficult. They can be confusing when you just start playing, but by the third chapter, i guess, you'll almost master them.In the end:I loved the game. It's cruel, violent, pixelated, challenging action, which almost remind you of hardcore gaming on NES or Sega Genesis. I recommend it, because I think the developer earned every bit of its price."
,Recommended,211260,16298612,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Shadow Luke (YouTuber),"This game is amazingly fun. Very fun, a little hard, but it is worth 10 dollars"
76561198078585596,Recommended,211260,16300627,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mr Fox,I died over and over and over. It was fantastic.
,Not Recommended,211260,16252944,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Smik,"It is NOT a bad game, but I can't recommend it in general==========================================""They Bleed Pixels"" has been on my wish list for some time, but because I'm not a big fan of platformers I never got around to actually giving it a try.  I like the style, the sound, and the game play has a good core but it's marred at the end by poor design decisions.I've never played Meatboy so I can't make the comparison, but from what I've seen those who like Meatboy will probably be taken in by the difficult platforming.  The combo system however is satisfying and practical -- the better your combo, the sooner you can create a check point and recover.The problem lies in that I've beaten difficult games -- I've beaten Battletoads on the NES, I've beaten Godhand, I've 100%ed Binding of Isaac (and Rebirth) and this one is fatiguing.  Fatigue isn't a good sign.  I should also say that while I enjoyed all those games to various extents, most of them aren't really what I would consider ""good"" games.  They're too difficult for my peers, they require the kind of OCD to really perservere and a lot of just repeated attempts over and over again.  Even though I want to beat Edmund to a pulp for some of his poor design decisions in Rebirth, I never found it as fatiguing as They Bleed Pixels.  The levels get too long and the difficulty ramps up too high for it to be even feasible to recommend to anyone I know -- not if they want to beat the game.  It's as difficult as a rogue-like but without allowing the player any lucky breaks to offset the punishment.So despite my liking it, I can't say it's for everyone, or even most people.  If I knew what I was getting into I probably wouldn't have ever purchased it.  I'm almost finished the game, and I'm going to finish the game, but it's just a matter of pride... not enjoyment."
76561197970379492,Recommended,211260,402269,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,Buttercup,Macht einfach nur süchtig. Beat my Time!
,Recommended,211260,16247281,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,INUGAMI,Great fun for seasoned platforming experts. Fairly challenging and unforgiving.
76561198078671368,Recommended,211260,16317110,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,High Performance Predator,Clawgirl is bae
,Recommended,211260,16317413,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,FelRibes,"Super hard, yet super cool!-Hit a monster...? Thing..?-It was stuck in the wall-It killed me-But I killed it too10/10!!"
,Recommended,211260,16467894,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mandanym,"I love the scenario.I want to throw my keyboard everytime I die and its full of rage this game, but at the same time you want to go further, and  the two-keys movements makes it very enjoyable."
,Recommended,211260,12690511,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Samurai-Sloth,"You are an orphan who has dabbled in the forbidden arts. Cursed by the Elder Gods to complete platformer challenges every night. Travel through dangerous spike filled environments inhabited by eldritch abominations. Destroy the forgotten ones with sick combos & air juggles, then get impaled on spikes over & over again."
,Recommended,211260,14766249,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ALT-F4,"I finally beat this game. It's very hard, requires both good reflexes and precision, but rewarding when you succeed. The music is pretty good too.As an aside, the game recommends you play it with a gamepad and I second that. I played completely through it on the keyboard and I think I have carpal tunnel now."
,Recommended,211260,15058547,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,chalmsthegamer,I have developed an irrational hatred towards buzzsaws.10/10
76561198046705079,Recommended,211260,14766306,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Xerclipse,"First let me explain why the game is so damn frustrating and difficult as everyone says.The blades and buzzsaws of nope will be everywhere. You will have to jump around and get into close corners. You will have to step out of your comfort zone as you progress through the levels. Platforming won't be stable and you need to adapt to that. There are very few safe zones. You are basically walking on thin ice 70% of the game. Act fast, take risks, don't be afraid to die. Yes you will DIE ALOT. You will go crazy hearing a girl's scream over and over again. Now here are some PROS and CONS I wrote in the bottom. When something goes sour or you lose one HP, it will most likely result in your death. You either can do it or not.ProsI find difficulty to be a motivation for players like me to finish it. It is very brutal and has a bloody hack and slash system.It never gets old kicking enemies into buzzsaws.Howver violence and gore is not what the game focuses on (although its there and everywhere).  The game focuses on the platforming and agility of jumping from point A to B even though it may use some combat. It gets your adrenaline up. Sometimes you will give up but thats fine. But if you are able to find some advance tech and watch speedrunners (like Squid Claw), it will make you believe you can do this. If you know what you are doing, then you will enjoy the game.The checkpoint system is very unique. How it works is that you collect blood by killing enemies or just drops of blood in other areas. That fills up your meter, and when you fill that meter, you can stop moving and set up the checkpoint. Of course there are certain external conditions that could prevent you from placing a checkpoint, but most of the time without enemies you can do it. I cannot name another game that does this. It is such an efficient system which reduces alot of frustration and time. Like Ninja Gaiden Black has you do the same frustrating stuff when you die at a very far spot. Why should I face all these stressful parts again if I died at an area so far?The backgrounds are well designed but how they use it is more at the cons section I have below this. The pixel asethetic is really nice. If this game wasn't using it, I wouldn't get that retro horror feel.ConsThe game says the controls are easy because there are only two buttons. However the attack button has more than one function. So if you condense alot of functions into one button, you are risking players to press the right button but the WRONG move. It's very easy to do something you did not mean to do, which is poor game design. They could have at least set up a separate dash button.If it were one major thing I would add in the game is boss levels. After I finished the game, I felt empty, and that was because there aren't any boss battles. I won't go into details in the end, but there will be no boss battle. I would be perfectly okay with all the other flaws it had, but it needs boss battles.The background artwork is good. What isn't good is the fact that they just had dark silhouette platforms. You could forget that you are in a forest, under water, or in pits of hell. It takes away the theme a bit. I would be impressed if they could add more detail in the platforms to blend in with the background.Overall:So the game is difficult, weird controls, and very stressful. Would I play it again? Not really, but its fun playing once. Platforming fans looking for difficulty will want to play this. So spend the 14 bucks if you looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,211260,1172777,"Posted: 29 August, 2012",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"Love at first sight. Challenging, innovative, immersive, and at times so brutally hard it makes you want to claw out your eyeballs, but the rewards for completing are so satisfying. Reccomended for absolutely anyone."
,Not Recommended,211260,14926660,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Chebyshevrolet,"Hard and frustrating...not because it's a tough-as-nails platformer (like Super Meat Boy), but because the controls aren't tight and the ground is ice."
,Recommended,211260,14760029,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DPlay,"The platforming is difficult and the way the game works allows for extremely precise jumps.The combat is pretty complex for just using one button.The Soundtrack is pretty amazing and the graphical effects are neat too.Also the game's graphics overall are a mix of pixel art and an old book (or so).It's not something for people who are not that good at platformers and such.But if you are, go for it! Enjoy the challenge!"
,Recommended,211260,15016576,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,否デブ女 - S T A R G A Z R,"TBP is probably my favorite modern platformer. It's got great pixel art and music, a unique checkpoint system, and is wonderfully difficult. Where it really excels though is in it's controls. Everything from the wall jumping to the attack combos just feels tight and satisfying and is extremely responsive, which is all-important in a platformer. The jumping feels floatier than most, but they use it to create ever harder levels and it doesn't feel out of place at all.I also appreciate that they don't muck around with boss fights. The goal is to reach the end of the level and that's all you do, pure platforming. That's not to say the regular combat isn't challenging though, and they always make sure to have the enemies in the toughest places to make your life hell.If you're a fan of hard core platformers, this is definitely a must buy."
,Recommended,211260,15010212,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,NegaMan,Great original side scrolling fun. Love it.
76561198045209327,Recommended,211260,14269436,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Rathian,The biggest mystery of all time is why Dark Souls is the game with the reputation of extreme difficulty while this game exists.What I'm trying to say is run. Run and never look back.
76561198028929966,Recommended,211260,14378531,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ForgottenDio,This game is fun. BUT the controls and hit detection are hot garbage.
,Recommended,211260,14103482,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Juuzou Suzuya,died 77 times on 3rd level...
76561198042401292,Not Recommended,211260,7818089,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Loccisano,Poopy
,Recommended,211260,1426989,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,X'estrix,"I love twitch platformers, so when this game recently went on sale it was a must-buy item for me. I have to say, this game deserves to be placed right next to SMB on the twitch platforming pedestal.The controls are spot on, tight, and a feel exactly the way you'd want them to, especially on an Xbox-style controller.This game, not satisfied being a reskinned SMB adds a couple new mechanics, most notably the large focus on combat and combos. If you want to hit the highscore boards in this game, you'll need to not only platform with dead-on precision, and quickly, but do so while sluaghtering lovecraftian enemies in stylish combos.The controls, the mechanics, and the setting all make this game top-of-class, I highly recommend this game to fans of the genre."
76561198006890388,Recommended,211260,2406418,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,donastree,"This is a relatively solid platformer with some interesting quirks. It is somewhat similiar to Super Meat Boy...but that isn't entirely right. It shares SMB's percision, tight controls, and OCD for making the exactly right move at the exactly right time. You also get a parade of your deaths, though not in the same way. Conversely, TBP is more complex, due to its larger range of moves, and less focused on long stretches of hair tearing, due to it's more lenient save mechanism (the difficulty is still pretty brutal though). Similarly, the stages are longer, but the game is shorter. For replay value, there are over 150 achievements, and three (soon 4) bonus levels. Notably, the achievements actually do things (unlock art, most of which is pretty nice). Visuals are nice and simple, with some very cool effects. The music is nice too, if chippy.Overall, I enjoy this one, and would recommend it."
,Recommended,211260,2452882,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,M.O.Z.G,"I don't say: ""Run and buy it now!"" But, it's game must be in the collection every hardcore oldschool gamer. It's really challenge to your skills and gamepad, and also it's really fun...even more than the meat boy;)"
76561198022318884,Recommended,211260,13111360,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lonewulf.dll,"Alright, i give up on this game!If you look for a unforgiving jump&run platformer - here you go. For fans of SuperMeatBoy this is just perfect. Its like the Dark Souls of Jump&Runs with little room for failure, a combat system and flexible checkpoints.Recommended for people who like to punish themselfs, either out of sheer masochism or simple self-hatred.P.S: Lovecraftean horror, me likes!"
76561198064527406,Recommended,211260,13953107,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TeeLight,"I've used the character for this game as my avatar pretty much since I joined Steam and I just realized that I never wrote a review for it. This game is fun. Hard as all hell, but fun. I would honestly recommend this game to anyone itching for a fun challenge. I don't see myself ever going for the top of the leaderboards or anything on this one, but at the end of a level I honestly feel like I'm accomplished something, and that's nice.I love the design of this game. Ya' it's the over done pixelated motif, but the colors and all around art direction of the game makes up for that. If the game were done some other way it would probably lose some of it's charm if anything. The game play is really nice too. It's quick, responsive, and challenging. Generally speaking I can tell when I've screwed up and how I screwed up. When I keep slipping up it just gives me more practice the next time. Usually within a couple of goes I can get an area memorized well enough to get past it.The down side to this might be that if the pixel-art type game isn't your thing you might not like this one. The other downside being that some of the enemies are a little annoying (specifically the flying squids). They're so small that they're very hard to hit and most of the time just trying to trick them into hitting a pointy part of the level worked better. Which is cool, but tough when theres multiple squids on the screen. Neither one of these is much of a downside though.I love this game, and I'm ashamed it took me so long to review the game. It really is a blast to play and even if I never complete it I still have fun with it."
,Recommended,211260,13953534,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ロリックス,Game is hard but not as much as I previously thought. Linearity could be a problem as there's usually only one way to beat the numerous challenges they present you. And you will die a lot while you figure it out.
76561197983767531,Not Recommended,211260,14009712,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,kirax,"The game could be great, but the platforming is too complex to the point where it is not funny."
,Recommended,211260,13972480,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sammael,This is a pretty solid game if you're willing to put the time in. I'm talking like 100 tries to beat certain sections. I tapped out in level 3/6
,Recommended,211260,13592056,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,JQLS,"A really challenging and fun platformer that will bring you back to the good old days of gaming! It's kind of like Castlevania crossed with Megaman with the mixture of timed button presses for jumping between platforms or leaping from wall to wall and the hack and slash style action. A great game, would buy again.9/10"
,Recommended,211260,6481856,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Professor Snubblysnout,"They Bleed Pixels is an example of a game that lives up to what it offers. And what it offers is pure fun, but also rage-inducing in it's difficulty. Sometimes. It's best played in short bursts, so you don't end up going bald from pulling hair."
76561198099348385,Recommended,211260,13502469,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Fred The World Eater,This is a freakin' awesome Platformer to be sure. Pretty too.
76561198007490589,Recommended,211260,2448592,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,George,It is good.
,Recommended,211260,2240848,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Miles ''Tails'' Prower,"It's a realy good pixel game which just makes you want to play it more. Except the last levels, they're just goddamn horribly ragetastic which makes me also hate this game so bad. But it's more good than bad."
,Recommended,211260,11224695,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Buffalo Chiggin,Whoever made this game I will find you and kill you. It's diabolical. 10/10 would test limits of my blood pressure again
,Recommended,211260,11441919,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Eric M Hunter,"They Bleed Pixels makes me feel like what Wolverine for the NES should have been. You’ve got all the ingredients to make it successful with wall climbing, the correct use of claws and a sinister atmosphere. All of the elements are there, but sadly, LJN decided to take a different turn, straight into the toilet. The ultra difficulty can’t be cupped with broken game pad controls and the treacherous double jump. If this is your sort of game, those willing to take a chance on gameplay similar to Werewolf: the Last Warrior, then They Bleed Pixels comes highly recommended. As for me, I can’t get over the button switches so I will leave this one well enough alone in the future.http://iamericm.com/2013/10/they-bleed-pixels-indie-game-review/"
,Recommended,211260,2957211,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,Devinity,"A bloody awesome action platformer that gives you a nice increase in challenge. It never became to hard or too easy it just got more different. Also the story was refreshingly different. However, although it was different in challenge it had a ""Super Meat Boy"" vibe to it so if that's not the kind of game you like then maybe watch some videos first and decide for yourself."
,Recommended,211260,11824372,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Sandraudiga,"The level designs are great, difficult, but great; and the difficulty is fine because of the unlimited attempts and your ability to create your own check-points from time to time. The pixel art is also of fantastic quality, however there is one large problem. The movement and combat feels like molases in january. So slow. But if you can deal with the slow control, you'll probably really enjoy this"
,Recommended,211260,11122035,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Mr. Bubbles,"That's one of most frustrating and difficult game I ever played.In chapter 4, I was killed 300 times.  How is someone supposed to achieve the ""No Death"" Achievement?This game is unbelievable.10/10, perfect game.or11/10, because Chtulhu's Based.or12/10, because ""Hi, my name is Sissy and I play They Bleed Ponycorns"" (I love this)"
,Recommended,211260,12017675,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TrinketHD,It's a meagman on steriod! This is a really fast-paced and exiting game that I totally recommend.
76561198026767962,Recommended,211260,3735617,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Furud,This game is good if you play it with friends.  Then you can pass the controller/keyboard around every time you die.  It's less frustrating and you get some pretty funny comments while you're playing.
,Recommended,211260,6670232,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,Avrora,Broke my controller playing this game 10/10
,Recommended,211260,11090425,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ChrisJD10,"Nice small hard game to play when you want to pass the time, difficult at first and only gets harder as you progress through the game, if you are one of those that like a challange and to 100% games you will have fun with this."
,Recommended,211260,356826,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,Chizu,Pretty awesome platformer with a nice graphical style and presentation.Difficult platforming in the vein of SMB with combat and a great soundtrack.
,Recommended,211260,4237218,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Annie T. Mood,"It's tough, it's cool, my only problem is that they keep the attacks and actions to two keys/buttons. They have a whole keyboard/360controller to work with and they only pick two keys/buttons to do♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't involve moving around. Maybe it's on purpose I don't know."
,Recommended,211260,516661,"Posted: 30 August, 2012",all,Adepta Sororita,"It's bloody, it's gory, it's challanging, it's great! Very athmospheric Action platformer, must have für 8-bit fans."
,Recommended,211260,4244958,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,[MeoW] Kh0r0z,"Hardcore, gore and tight but simple controls make this a brilliant platformer with a surprisingly fleshed out combat system.Proper difficulty scaling throughout all the levels and fun and abstract extra levels make up a good amount of content aswell.play it, it's superb"
76561198027846432,Recommended,211260,3823114,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,FallenEldar,Hard platformer+tight controls=great fun
,Recommended,211260,1536379,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,slowpoke,Meat Boy meets Lovecraft.
,Recommended,211260,1985668,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,UjuidarEhcram,"They Bleed Pixels is a platforming/brawling game with beautiful pixel art set in a Lovecraft-esque nightmare realm. The game's platforming is brutal, and is generally much harder than the fighting. This game is also very deep, and it has many rewards for taking extra risks.The control in this game is pretty tight, and that's a good thing, because the platforming is completely nuts. Even the game's first level is brutal. This is not a game to play to calm down, since it will frustrate you very quickly. Not even Super Meat Boy ramped the difficulty up this quickly. That said, the game does give you the opportunity to save at many points during the levels, and you will need all the help you can get. The fighting system is very fun and rewards style. It's a nice break from the platforming.The graphics are beautiful. I never really noticed the sound because I was so focused on the game.This game is not for kids, and it's not for the inexperienced player. If you're looking for the satisfaction for beating a tough level, this might be your game. I'd recommend Super Meat Boy over They Bleed Pixels, though. I think SMB was better designed overall. Either way, if this sounds like fun to you (you masochist), it will definitely be worth the $10."
76561198004282144,Recommended,211260,2222828,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,CuNaMo,"Fun and challenging. The combat is a little repetitive, and the platforming is extremely difficult, so be prepared!"
76561198046233727,Recommended,211260,5194837,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,dfens00,"Punishingly difficult, yet still manages to stay fun, even when you get stuck on a hard bit. Kick♥♥♥♥♥ evil fork-hand girl."
,Recommended,211260,3651736,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Lyralei,"Such a horribly yet wonderfully addicting game. It takes some getting used to the insane difficulty and you will die a lot, but it's all worth it in the end. With a quirky, strange, and HP-Lovecraft-inspired plot/setting and a more retro vibe, this is easily one of my favorite indie games."
,Recommended,211260,224143,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,d.Tox508,"If you ever wanted to know what Mario 3 mixed with 300 hits of blotter acid and the necronomicon looked like, this is it. Released by Spooky Squid Games, They Bleed Pixels is a controller destroyer, and may very well leave you with an aneurysm. With that being said, it’s not only one of the hardest games I’ve ever played, but one of the best. This is what pixel art is supposed to look like and sets a standard for its genre. They Bleed Pixels is a gothic styled game with a cryptic feel, and is visual rush from the moment you begin.Starting this game puts you in a nostalgic state, and is like pressing play on your favorite 90′s B film. At first I wasn’t sure what I was in for, but when the first cut scene of pixel animation began to play I was in awe. The cryptic visuals and dark feel, combined with the pixellated brutality would have been enough for the ESRB to rate this one Mature in 1992, but these days it’s exactly what indie gamers are looking for. The soundtrack goes perfect with gameplay and if you can catch the rhythm it’s an entirely different experience in itself. Morbidly enough before each level, the loading screen features different quotes from H.P. Lovecraft, Edgar Allan Poe and other related people of the occult. All of this together puts They Bleed Pixels in another category of its own with its instant visual appeal and dark, haunting music.You are a young girl arriving at what you are told is a boarding school, Lafcadio Academy for Troubled Young Ladies. Unprepared for the violent nightmares that plague your dreams and transport you to other worlds, you are sent onto a journey that will take you to hell and back. Worse yet, her dreams are intruding into her waking life, slowly altering her flesh into the demonic form of her night terrors. While in the library she notices a book on the top of one of the book shelf. When she goes closer she notices a drop of blood come down on her hand. Your goal is to destroy the mysterious blood-soaked book that appears to be the root of her troubles, collecting pages throughout the game. Will you be able to make it through, or will her transmutation from girl to clawed horror become complete?The game consists of chapters and different dreams make up the levels within each of them. Instead of points you collect pints, which after collecting a certain amount filling your power bar allowing you to not only save but replenish your health at the same time. Super Meatboy-esq, your dead corpse is left behind as a reminder of your past failures and attempts to complete each seemingly impossible level. They Bleed Pixels focuses on close up melee, utilizing the monstrous claws given to you in the beginning of the game. Different button sequences make up each strike or move allowing for combo hits awarded by extra “pints.” At the end of each dream you are given a report card, sticking with the boarding school theme. You are ranked based on lives lost, how many pints of blood you have collected, highest combo and how many pages of the spell book you have found.They Bleed Pixels has an extras section in the main menu that includes bonus levels that are unlocked by completing each dream. You also are given badges with a manifold of different things to accomplish similar to the achievement system on XBox360 or Steam. The extras section also includes an art gallery with several pictures by different artists that you are able to unlock by beating each chapter. And of course, just incase you didn’t get everything you could out of the cut scene when you first saw it, the extras also offers a video section.Games like They Bleed Pixels are fun no matter what or when you play them. The attack on your senses is endless from the moment you begin to the moment you end. Everything comes together perfectly from the story line to gameplay to the intense soundtrack and pixel art, They Bleed Pixels is another essential in any gamers library.Graphics: 8/10Playability: 7/10Story: 7/10Challenge: 9/10Replay Value: 7/10"
,Recommended,211260,1534454,"Posted: 1 September, 2012",all,Rivent,"The combat stands out the most because there are plenty of moves and enemies when similar games either brush by them or ignore having them all together, plus combined with the hectic surroundings the fighting makes for fun challenges. The levels are long but can be separated by creating checkpoints after getting enough kills which makes it extra frustrating going for the awards for 100% kills, collectibles, speed runs, points, tasks and especially no deaths. Don't like the repetitive soundtrack and it's a shame there is no option to turn the graphics theme from Hot Topic emo♥♥♥♥♥♥to one of the fan levels: Seraphs Bleed Star Dust. All in all for a try-hard platformer this comes second to Dustforce, worth the playthrough."
,Recommended,211260,1472662,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,AliceTheGorgon,"A fun precision platformer with a decent (though not great) combat system and an awesome atmosphere.If you want the soundtrack, buy it from bandcamp if you want access to more/different formats:http://djfinishhim.bandcamp.com/album/they-bleed-pixels-on-the-dance-floor"
,Recommended,211260,3383932,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,icewasp,Awesome precision platformer with some combat
,Recommended,211260,7869624,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,CrazyLovelyMe,Fun and challenging game! This game has that old school arcade feel that pulls the obsessive compulsiveness out of you. Loved it!
,Recommended,211260,1215096,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Sharia Coke,Awesome art style. Great music.
,Recommended,211260,874540,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,() -> EmS;,"if you liked meat boy, VVVVVVVV or dust force then you'll most certainly like this game"
,Recommended,211260,581332,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,AnimeIRL,cool + cute game you should buy it
,Not Recommended,211260,10851182,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spry Farron,"I'd read this was a bit like Super Meat Boy with some combat and that it felt magical to play so I picked it up. While there is fun to be had and it looks nice, I'd only recommend it to people who love the sort of games where you die over and over again, slowly committing the game to muscle memory.With what I played, all the game throws at you are slippery surfaces after the first level or two which does a few things, it slides you around to the extent that controlling your character becomes a challenge in itself, it makes combat incredibly cumbersome with both yourself and enemies sliding back and forth making it hard to hit them and finally, it prevents you from wall jumping. I'd think this was a great mechanic if I didn't feel it was so over used. It ended up just sapping all joy out of the game.Combine this with a tiny flying enemy that dashes around in groups trying you hit you with them being invulnerable while dashing, which they do upon you being directly left, right up or down from their position, and you have some very difficult levels that just aren't fun to play.It's not a bad game, I did have fun with it but rather than being one of those games that annoys you so much that you end up being addicted to getting just a little further, those two negatives being used so much ended up boring me. If you really like getting challenged and don't get bored of mechanics like that then go for it, otherwise I'd recommend avoiding it.I've only played 1.1 hours so I'll try it again at some point. If I feel any differently about it then, I'll update this mini review."
,Recommended,211260,22201427,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Fyuchanick,"Like super meat boy, except it has a ""novice"" difficulty, checkpoints, and most of all, there are enemies which you can kill using all the spikes, pitfalls, and blades that hurt you so many times."
,Recommended,211260,19099197,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jak Kevin Spacey w K-PAX,It's inspired by Lovecraft. What could be better?
76561198033702949,Not Recommended,211260,21993466,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Kly Pantheon,"I want to play this game but so far i have run into so many glitches its no fun anymore. first problem i ran into when i first got it was that there was no music only a loud buzzing sound. next it askes for game pad so i use game pad and it doesnt accept it (its an xbox 360 controller so it should work). i somehow fixed it and got it to work... they update the game it stops working again. they update the game the actual music and sound is back, they update game last year in like november or december and controller doesn't work again except for the d pad and when i updated it in january my frames per second where over 900... i deleted it and reinstalled it... same thing... I turn it on today hoping there might have been an update, i turned it on and the game is still running at over 900 fps with all of the settings maxed out. stretching the game to the screen only lowers the fps by 30.... you guys serious should wait till they iron out all of the problems."
76561198046468986,Recommended,211260,21971318,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,YoSniper,"When I originally purchased this game, I did not have sufficient hardware to run it. It took more than 2 years for me to build a PC capable of running this game's graphics.But it was certainly worth the wait.The game is brutally challenging, and has the puzzle and platform combination I've always loved. I also love how you create your own save points as opposed to having fixed save points scattered throughout the stages.The artwork, cutscenes, music, and overall production value are excellent.The challenge is ever present, and made me rage many, many times. The saws especially were often a nightmare to get through, but you have infinite continues, so there's no excuse for not finishing a stage (eventually.)I haven't experienced this kind of frustration toward a game since NReality, a game that tore my soul from my body and shredded it years ago. But unlike that game, I actually felt rewarded when I finally succeeded at this game.If you buy this game, be prepared for many an obscenity to escape your lips."
76561198066745288,Recommended,211260,21971514,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Salty Spike,"*Get really ♥♥♥♥ing mad at the saw blade part in chapter 3 level 1**button mashes whole controller in anger**restarts level by accident*10/10 would restart level again when RIGHT AT THE END WITH ALL THE 6 ♥♥♥♥ING PAGES AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAll seriousness though, this game it pretty fun and *very* rage inducing. Probably not good for people with ADHD or anger problems."
76561198051580190,Recommended,211260,21980281,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,The Revered Anon,They put save and exit next to restart level.HHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH!!!!!
,Recommended,211260,22422093,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tekkobra,"Been playing this game for an hour. It's simple, gory, and mesmerizing all at the same time.Only complaint would be those freaking spike things that pop up. Touch that even a little and you go sailing into something that'll kill you pretty much instantly."
76561198054059646,Recommended,211260,22312995,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Kirito lord of noobs,"I think it's pretty good, hard like super meat boy but has alot more going on in terms of combat mechanics (which isn't hard considering super meat boy has none) but is just as frustrating and rip your eye balls out annoying as SMBBut then again I'm not sure cause this game isn't easily optimised for my low end 80's phone computer. SMB however is playable for sometime till it burns out my fan output."
,Recommended,211260,21978060,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Psychoticfart,"""fiendishly difficult"" my♥♥♥♥♥ I played Dark Souls 1 and 2 on PS3, and Super Meat Boy, and I don't think I've ever had such a challanging game presented to me. I've never played a game so goddamned hard that I started crying actual tears when I finally finished a level. ""1:46:29 deserves the only A rank I have"" my♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game ♥♥♥♥ED me and made me it's little ♥♥♥♥♥, longing for the satisfaction of actually finishing a segment only to realize that there are 4 SEGMENTS, not the 3 I thought.I love this game.Give me more."
76561198018929371,Recommended,211260,27970069,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spooky,If you look for an arcade challenge look no more! You should definitely try this one!
,Recommended,211260,27760963,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Philosophile,"This is one of the most satisfying platformers I have ever played. From the artwork, to the sound effects, to the level design, it accomplishes so much without feeling overdone, as many games do."
76561198037032492,Recommended,211260,4430428,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,::: Chaos Fall :::,Mythos... The game of Cthulhu Girl.
,Recommended,211260,27792933,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Megumin Did 9/11,A Really Fun and challenging game
,Recommended,211260,27533560,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bill Hazard,"This is an old-school game in the best sense of the term: Pixelated yet extremely charming and polished graphics, simple yet extremely satisfying combat, and extremely challenging but not frustating."
,Recommended,211260,24740122,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mr. Wokboo,How to playThey Bleed Pixels->A short guide by Mr. WokbooStep 1: Git gud.
76561198015264093,Recommended,211260,2969334,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Delitaru,Classic hardcore platforming and pretty addictive :D
,Recommended,211260,4225609,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Ragny,"It's a pretty cool platforming game with very difficult levels counter-balanced by a forgiving checkpoint mechanic. If you like short trial and error platforming challenges, you may like this."
,Recommended,211260,4333486,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,4nk8,"They Bleed Pixels is a delightful combo between cute and frightening. The art style is crisp and the music is outstanding. The controls are simple to pick up so if you enjoyed Super Meat Boy you'll probably enjoy this. If the main story isn't grasping your attention quite as much as you like, They Bleed Pixels offers multiple fan-made takes on the premise with their own unique features, such as being made of stars or fighting floating lemons. All in all, this is a great little game that's quick to pick up but takes time to master."
,Recommended,211260,21800040,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Blitz,"I really enjoyed this game. The combat they introduced is very simple, but well executed. It is satisfying to stab dudes a buncha times and then kick them off a ledge or into saw blades or spikes. The art style was, in my opinion, very appealing. Everything was adorable to me. And another thing that I really enjoyed was that music, mmmmmmmman did I love that music!It's very straight forward in it's presentation. It has a simpel art style, simple music, and simple mechanics. But simple does not mean bad in the slightest. They boiled the game down to what they wanted it to be and refined that very well. It gives you a sense of control over how you tackle the level with the ability to create where you want to put your spawn point. You don't feel like the game is being unfair whenever you have difficulty passing a certain section because you can just simply create your spawn point right before that point and keep right back into it."
76561198209895819,Recommended,211260,21828511,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,biohazardgang,"If you have a little masochistic desire to be tortured every once in a while or simply like challenges, get this game.I like this a lot more than Super Meat Boy.But if you're a casual gamer and have zero tolerance for frustration, avoid this game. Even the novice mode is punishing."
,Recommended,211260,21820021,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Yeri,Such interesting game with amazing music & graphics. Good atmosphere and character's story. /w\
,Recommended,211260,25592419,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,716green,"As a fan of difficult 2d platformers, this game gets an A+++ in my book. What really blows my mind is that the game was made with a very small amount of assets. That makes it all the more impressive. People crave simplicity these days. Right away you learn all of the mechanics, all of the enemies, all of the 'terrain', and all of the puzzles. From there you face strategic and fun platforming and melee battles with satisfying combos.The way the game saving system works allows you to re-play the same levels (or just portions of the levels) with different amounts of health to try the puzzles or battles in different ways while exploring.I wish I could  fairly put into words how well made this game is. The beautiful thing is the feeling you get after finally overcoming that obstacle that a few minutes earlier you felt you'd never get past. The gameplay is simple, satisfying, challenging and well made. You won't ever die and feel like it's the game's fault. The controls are as responsive as you can imagine. This is a true platformer and these games are in short supply these days.Add to it all the game's art, it's simply beautiful. This game is a masterpiece. It get's 10/5 from me. I'll be re-playing it."
,Recommended,211260,25375151,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,KneeSawks,"Great game, loved the part where you almost finish a segment you've been trying for over 10 minutes to then die and cry in a corner."
,Recommended,211260,1226192,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,FULL CANNIBAL OVERDRIVE,"killer soundtrack, insane platforming, cool combos. if you like super meatboy and not this, you are ♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198048123464,Recommended,211260,21467233,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Bee Hive Keeper,"tight control, sweet art style! It is a fantastic little game. just wish there was more variety."
,Recommended,211260,21956061,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,5th dimensional real nigga,Addicting and fun.Reminds me of Super Meat Boy with a very dark twist
76561198285059021,Recommended,211260,21950674,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,pjwood71,"Fantastic game, tough but persistence gets you there in the end, buy it."
,Recommended,211260,21910450,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Baldertrax,10/10 Would ragequit again.
76561198019048563,Recommended,211260,21934369,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Unyaa,"A very tough game, mostly from the platforming. Whoever made the levels knew how to tick off the player. You saved enough to make a save point? You still got a ways to go. If you saved a save point, you usually go back and wish you saved it later. It gets to be strategic with themStill, I go back to it."
,Recommended,211260,490452,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,Void01,"An insanely difficult platformer - be prepared to take breaks and come back later to prevent controller throwing, it's definitely mastery-based. Death based exploration with plenty of checkpoints(what's over there, a secret? NO! SPIKE PIT!) and decent fight mechanics make this one a winner.My only complaints: they didn't use all of the screen and the full screen FX are annoying."
,Not Recommended,211260,17383420,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jeffminnear,"The gorgeous, blood-soaked pixel graphics and classic horror references (H.P. Lovecraft in particular) drew me into this game. Unfortunately, the gameplay would not allow me to stay. While the character's abilities occasionally made traversing the dangerous N-style world a blast, their unreliability more often pushed the experience into the realm of frustration and annoyance."
,Recommended,211260,17497253,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Dark_Shadow,Play as a cute little ELDRITCH HORROR who loves to go out for walks and MURDER EVERYTHING IN SIGHT!
,Recommended,211260,5416675,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Firefly,Holy sh!t. Most infuriating yet fun game ever. Never thought I'd put those two words in the same sentence about a game. But no seriously. WTF. This game is strangely addictive but I need to stop every so often and play something really benign or else I might go crazy!
76561198048940850,Recommended,211260,17401072,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,imsturtle,"Gore, claw and girl.That's my ideal sexual fantasies."
,Recommended,211260,16964182,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Kira Kusai,"If you have any interest in Lovecraftian lore, this game will hook you with its art style. But a few levels in, you'll probably realize you need to be a massive masochist just to get through. In terms of difficulty, this is the hardest platformer I've ever seen, so expect to feel richly rewarded whenever you beat a level. If you have any interest in this game, pick it up, just know what you're getting into."
,Recommended,211260,16868819,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AlphaNeonic,"Hands down one of the hardest platformers I've ever played. Great art style, awesome music, tight controls... but this game is HARD. If you're into hard unforgiving platformers, this one is for you. I almost feel like I shouldn't recommend it because it's TOO hard, but that's obviously intentional on the part of the developers. If you're into it, you might like it. Be ready though, this game is a nightmare."
76561198025472290,Not Recommended,211260,16949229,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kenneth Toilethole,"I love Super Meat Boy. I'm not a H4RDC0R3 G4M3RZLOL but I enjoy a good challenge. The magic of SMB is that it lets you know that youcanfinish the level. It may take you 500 attempts, but you can do it. (And I did it.)They Bleed Pixels tries to add combat to this mix, and while it's frustrating (dual-use keys are NOT fitting for this genre), that's not the game's biggest problem.The biggest problem is the unreliable nature of some controls. Sometimes leaping to the right while clinging to a wall will allow you to double-jump, and sometimes it won't. That kind of uncertainty and sketchiness doesn't belong in a game which requires pixel-perfect timing and precision.I like the graphics, and the writing, and the concepts, and the music, and the sound. It's a shame I can't recommend this to other people."
76561197966460768,Recommended,211260,244098,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Merril,"Combat can be unwieldy at times, I may just not be very good at it.  But darting around the map, dodging shtuff I really enjoy.  Theres something about double jump in the game, its really flawless. Just needs less ice it's hard enough."
76561198021653832,Recommended,211260,16261152,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Daybrams,"do you like ruthless platforming, intuitive mechanic design, feindish challenges, adjectives, and H. P. Lovecraft? this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,211260,26570462,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BreedPineapple,One of the best platformers I've played in a while. Highly challenging and rewarding with a great number of things to master.
,Recommended,211260,27999934,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Guided By Lemons,"Difficult, addictive, dark, great musicAll around real fun.9/10"
,Recommended,211260,28036859,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KodokuRyuu,"One of the best platformers I've ever played. The graphics are beautiful; the gameplay is difficult, but fun; and the devs care about their customers. It's worth every bit of $10 and it's a steal when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,211260,6009574,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Chewy,"I love this game. For me, It's a game I like to try and speedrun all the levels. The game is quick and difficult, but it's the small taste of action and challenge that makes it so good. They Bleed Pixels is one of those games you wanna play to get better at and beat your previous runtimes. It has the ability to create small personal challenges like getting through with no checkpoints, avoid killing any if not all enemies, or just beating your previous time.My only gripe is how little the game gets in terms of updates and add on content as you tend to go through it all pretty quick. Maybe it's because of the lack of recognition, or a downside to belonging to a small indie company.Overall I give it a 9.5/10, I reccomended it to all my close friends."
,Recommended,211260,28057473,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,xen,"Fantastic platformer, great reply value on speedruns."
76561198070908105,Not Recommended,211260,26592767,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[-:-] Sparky,"It's a okay game. I like the style more than I like the gameplay. I totally dig how the combat tries something a little different, but I didn't feel like it was perfected entirely. It took me a while to understand the basics, maybe cause I got this game when I started my last job, so all my brain power was spent at work before I got home to play. Over all, it feels like the flow is too lose, and it could've been tightened up a little better. But, I get the feeling I'm just missing something maybe. Not sure if I would recomend some one else try instead, but there's no inbetween of recommending or not recommending."
,Recommended,211260,28192041,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ロールちゃん,"Tough as nails, and yet, satisfying when you manage to beat a level.Get it if you enjoy games that encourage trial and error."
,Recommended,211260,21800142,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,lilmonix3,"I'm gonna do a point scale for this game since I have a lot of thoughts.Gameplay -- 4/5Movement is very solid, combat is fun but I feel like it could be tweaked just a wee bit in certain spots to make it flow a bit better. Checkpoint mechanics are pretty neat as well, and level design is pretty good but has a few minor flaws here and there, like the forced combat rooms and checkpoint limitation via cleverly placed sawblades can get a bit tedious sometimes.Story -- 3.5/5I have a love-hate relationship with the story because it's presented very charmingly and it thoroughly hooked me, but I was really left wanting more. There's a ton of room to expand on and it makes me a little sad the devs didn't decide to do more with it.Graphics -- 5/5The graphics and art are wonderful. Love it all.Sound & music -- 4.5/5The sound design and music are both really great, but let's face it: you're going to be dying a lot in this game. This means you'll be playing some levels for a long time, which leads to the music getting a little dull after a while. That's not to say the music's bad by any means, but I probably wouldn't listen to each track on repeat for 20 minutes if I had a choice.The clawed girl -- 5/5She's adorable and great I love herOverall I give TBP 4.5 out of 5. It's a lovely game without any terribly impeding flaws."
76561198000057269,Recommended,211260,28167394,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Criscoween,It's hard.But good.But hard.
76561198111153330,Recommended,211260,30989437,Posted: 6 April,all,nodaddynotthebelt,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥thi game is hard and will make you bleed salt but it is a amazing looking game and the sound track is amazing but jesus ♥♥♥♥adoodle-doo i cant get past chapter four without having a stroke frome the anger. 10/11 good game, just is sooo damn hard."
,Recommended,211260,28872203,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kaze_Gaming [Mike],played it for 11 hours and still didn´t pass 3rd Dream...But it's fun ;)10/10 Would rage again
,Recommended,211260,31153222,Posted: 15 April,all,Temp,"hard but fun, graphics are great"
76561198323298558,Recommended,211260,30307570,Posted: 3 March,all,OddAryNbaKeS,"Who remembers ""Super Meat Boy""? This is that but slower, with combat, and a different paint job. This is a game for people who love H.P. Lovecraft, but unlike the ""Call of Cthulhu"" you don't have to be a fan of Lovecraft to enjoy this. For those unfamiliar with ""Super Meat Boy"" this is essentially an incredibley difficult side scroller. I highly recommend using a controller as this game is nigh impossible on a keyboard. The objective to each level is simple, get to the end of each of the massive levels and don't die by either enemies or enviromental hazards like saws or spikes. After filling a meter by killing enemies and collecting blood (this games version of coins) You are able to create a checkpoint if you are far enough away from enemies or hazards. For completionists you're graded via letter grade and it is very difficult to get an A. There are also pages that act as collectables in each stage. Buy it if you want a good challenging platformer."
,Recommended,211260,30344532,Posted: 5 March,all,FASHION DADDY,Incredibly fun and challenging game with sweet soundtrack.
,Recommended,211260,31361344,Posted: 25 April,all,Creek is Canon,"It's fun. That's why I'm giving it a thumbs up. The controls are slippery and can be annoying at times, but that's my only complaint really. It's a beautiful game overall. The graphics and music are awesome. I'll continue to play."
76561198153771422,Recommended,211260,31479875,Posted: 30 April,all,DOCTOREROCK,"Excellent game mechanics. Very, very fun."
76561198062321405,Recommended,211260,31535871,Posted: 3 May,all,dojoblaster,"This is not a careful review so much as a quick retort to those who are complaining about the controls.  I play platformers pretty fervently.  This one is fantastic.  Yes, it is difficult.  Yes, there are some aspects of the control that take getting used to; in particular, the combat/beat-em-up elements are a little unaccustomed for a game that has this degree of intense run/slide/jump platforming challenge (harder than Super Meat Boy, for example).Suck it up, learn the mechanics, learn to love them.  Win.  Don't complain about slippery surfaces and momentum, those are fully intentional parts of the game and increase and immersive physicality while providing fair challenge.  The controls are not imprecise---you are.I don't see any complainers who perservered to win.  I did, so take it from me---a rewarding game that will grow hair on your chest, and required playing for devotees of the hardcore-platformer genre."
,Recommended,211260,31488121,Posted: 1 May,all,Dragoon #TF2SP,The controls are tight but there are lots of slippery walls/floors/platforms.Really difficult and rage inducing even on the Novice difficulty. I like the dark theme with HP Lovecraft influences. Getting impailed on giant spikes is awesomely brutal.
76561198044030133,Recommended,211260,4995538,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,kap,"tight controls, nice aesthetic, fun combat systemalso very hard"
76561198034855554,Recommended,211260,20497033,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Calamity,"I dont often end up completing games I buy on steam, but I completed this one. This is the first platformer I've actually really wanted to invest time in and complete, its OST is great, its really hard but so rewarding when you actually finish a level. You also choose where your checkpoints will be yourself which I find really unique. Overall if you want a challenging platformer that isnt forgiving, look no further."
,Recommended,211260,20128892,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DaydreamerDebbie,"My new favourite game.Its addictive, fiendishly difficult and with a rocking story line.I advise starting with the novice levels first. It is difficult but that rewarding feeling you get when you accomplish a level makes it all worthwhile.One of the best parts of this game is the option to set your own checkpoints.Oh, just buy the game, its well worth the price."
,Recommended,211260,19893937,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Chippy,"If you think you're up for it, I recommend this game. It is a very fun and interesting game full of style if you like hardcore challenges. However, the difficulty is so bad it adds to the charm, much like Ninja Gaiden. There are a lot of hair pulling moments. The difficulty escalates too quickly and could have been dragged out over more levels. Overall, the game feels very inconsistent and cannot decide if it's a precision platformer or an adrenaline charged beat-em-up. I honestly believe that if they focused on the beat-em-up aspects it would have been slightly more popular. The Super Meatboy style platforming feels like a cash-in on the cruel difficulty trends for indie games. Some parts of the levels feel like they're only designed to fluster fresh players so they stop thinking about the simplest of threats, like an enemy that you can't run through or jump over when all you can think about is running from the approaching saws. The saws are another Meatboy rip-off. They could have used horror themed nonmoving blades or rotating grinders, but they chose the most iconic obstacle from Super Meatboy. Yes, this game deserves all the praise it is receiving, but at the same time I feel that it's good because of its flaws."
76561198051163827,Recommended,211260,19874893,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Let's Make It Weird,You get to die alot!
,Not Recommended,211260,19872936,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mildy Disgruntled Max,"Not a fan of the aesthetics or the soundtrack. Controls well with the exception of one button being bound to too many things (there are 4 face buttons on a standard gamepad, yet the game constricts itself to two) Level design was pretty good, though."
,Recommended,211260,19793897,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mahou☆Shoujo☆Bruce☆Chan,Very frustrating.I like it.
76561197965035926,Recommended,211260,200015,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,Warl,"awesome game, but really hard... it ist disturbing when you die 100+ times :D"
,Recommended,211260,19974141,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Scout's_Rebellion,"I can't even think of a good comparison for how hard this game is. I wanted to smash my laptop to bits if it helps. The soundtrack is def worth playing the game alone, not to mention challenging platformers will keep your library with something that you can always improve on when you beat ever other game first."
76561198119107955,Recommended,211260,19918452,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,chaoticgood88,Great Platformer
,Recommended,211260,17071561,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Killer Dream,I give this game no black people outta Oscars
76561198063624929,Not Recommended,211260,21286265,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Frost E. Bear,"The controls are on ice! You move forward and the character flys across the screen and you either slam into an enemy, a wall, or you push the other direction and fly across the screen the other way. Enemies are slow or are in all directions. Levels are designed to kill you unless you get lucky. That's how I got through a few levels, luck. And of course they had to add ice platforms in a platforming combat game. Why did they do that?! The controls are already on ice! Every level I end up sliding straight into the pit of spikes at the bottom of the level and have to restart the whole damn thing over again!Only redeeming qualities this has is the art style and story. Everything else about the game makes you think about getting a refund."
,Recommended,211260,21593969,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,BoxOfFaces,"Difficult and very, very goth.Have you ever thought to yourself ""Man, I wish I could play a sidescroller with a level of difficulty that is rivaled only by it's own gothness"", then wow, I have the perfect game for you! They Bleed Pixels is a challenging sidescroller with platforming and combat, all with stylized dark-toned pixel-art visuals I can only describe as goth. If that sounds awesome, you'll probably like this game! If it doesn't, than maybe not."
76561198036808281,Recommended,211260,20960428,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,jamescrab1,"One of those pixel-perfect platformers, but with combat as well!  It's challenging but wont hurt you like some of those other games.  Cool story, too.  I recommend it if you're patient."
76561198068219737,Recommended,211260,6527797,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Dkiari,good game
,Recommended,211260,21849811,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Teeth,A more forgiving version of super meat boy.F*CK SQUIDS
,Recommended,211260,21780030,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,turntechGodhead,"i really want to like this game. the art is beautiful, the story is really cool, the mechanics are unique and fun, but it's hard to enjoy all that when i'm getting impaled every three seconds."
,Recommended,211260,1598576,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Senpai Supreme,"A fun little platformer, but definitely designed with a gamepad in mind. I recommend waiting for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,211260,7849653,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Calistus,"Good controls, nice mix of acrobatic platforming and combat gameplay, leaderboards per level, creative checkpoint mechanics, bonus levels, collectibles... my only regret is not playing it sooner."
,Recommended,211260,4413824,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,Sparky,Adorable Platformer with an easy-to-use but powerful combat system.
,Recommended,211260,6022016,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Night Driver,"Not as good or as long as Super Meat Boy, but an excellent mix of platforming and action elements plus a clever and original way to place checkpoints."
,Recommended,211260,6550291,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Habakyan,"""It was on sale and she looks awesome."" That was my first thought on this game. Hell I didnt know what expects me. It was nearly unbearable to die so much, nearly thought about quiting sometimes but good that I stayed till the end. Only recommend this one if you like to die a lot, and a lot really means a LOT."
,Recommended,211260,904552,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,snot,super meat style gameplay with a one button fighting system
76561198006235277,Recommended,211260,2354201,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Fimbulvinter,"An under represented indy gem. They Bleed Pixels combines the tight controls of Super Meat Boy with the brutal difficulty of NES classics like Super Mario Brothers or Battletoads. Add to that a generous helping of Lovecraftian style horror and you have a game that is very well crafted.The Soundtrack is fitting for most levels, though mostly composed of electronic rock musical clips. Not to be overlooked, but a bit repetative at times.In addition to the main game, there are several bonus levels developed by leading indy developers.When on special, this game is well worth the $5.00 it would cost."
,Recommended,211260,7335526,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,☕ Aragorn 🐧,recommendthe soundtrack is amazing!
,Recommended,211260,724851,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Relithe,"Super tight controls (if you over-step and over-jump and die, it's assuredly your fault and NOT the games... the controls are Super Meat Boy tight), The graphics are charming and the music is excellent as well. Highly recommended if you liked Super Meat Boy and want a new challenge. The one-button attack system is interesting, and the gothic themes are fresh as well. Overall a lot of fun and a source of continued play for me for a little while. I still come back to it even after beating it every once and a while to try to get S rank on the levels, so replay value is there. The platforming itself is incredible in the later levels and absolutely artistic in its brutality. The final level, in particular, is a rush - it is a relentless onslaught driven by a timer that keeps you moving consistently through its mini-stages.The Lovecraftian story is somewhere in between Super Meat Boy and Braid - it's present enough to make you interested, but it's not in your face, either. I like it a lot. The overall style of the game is great. When you pull off combos, the bloodier they are and the more 'pints' you get (instead of points... get it? hah), there is kind of a comic book style 'Awesome!' type verbage that pops up. Except instead of saying 'Awesome!' or 'Great!' it says 'Eldritch!' and 'Rugose!' and other assorted old-timey/Lovecraft-inspired terms. It's great. The game oozes style.Levels are not just platforming, however. There are a variety of puzzles that will demand the most skillt that your thumbs can summon and the last level in particular is ridiculous (in a good way) - just YouTube anyone getting an S-rank on it. Some of these puzzles and platforming stages are to the 2D indie platformer genre as Ikaruga and Dodonpachi are to the shmup genre - insanely demanding and fun. In later levels the enemies take a back seat and are just kind of there - the level itself tries to kill you and keep you from progressing more vehemently than any other enemy in the game.The other innovation of this game is the checkpoint system - for every so many enemies that you kill and however many pints of blood you collect you can place a checkpoint. It works very, very well and the game keeps you from placing a checkpoint too close to enemies or environmental hazards automatically.Overall the excellent platforming, innovative gameplay, pretty and well-designed graphics, catchy tunes, and eldritch tones come together to make one hell of an underrated and under-played game. Personally I prefer it over SMB and I wish it would have been more popular.The good:Tricky platforming that demands skill and precisionUber-tight controls leave no doubt in your mind that you do, indeed, suck at video gamesOne-button attack system brings FAR more variety than you probably imaginedPixel art style is fantasticly executed and animations are smoothStory is not overbearing and the comic book cut-scenes are very prettyMusic is interesting and not the typical indie 2D chiptune thing - the last level's music in particular gives the whole level the same feel as the last level in Ecco the Dolphin (weird I know)The game oozes Lovecraftian styleCheckpoint systemReplay value through level rankings and finding secret itemsThe bad:Enemies lack variety after a few levels - there are only so many floating little squids and stretchy-arm-shambler-dude-things and imps and swords and bombs that you can kill, but this is cancelled out by the fact that the environment of the levels themselves tries to murder your faceMusic can get repetitiveSOME dialogue would have been nice for the cut scenesThe game is not conducive to those who experience nerd rage, as you will break your controller, your monitor, or put a hole in your wall (don't ask)It ends eventually4 out of 5 bloody squid-cookies."
76561198049417965,Recommended,211260,5416135,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Non-Suicidal Stephen,S'good.
,Recommended,211260,69907,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,"no, actually"
76561197999449788,Recommended,211260,1898181,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Count_Flakula,"An amazingly good 2D platformer with entertaining mechanics, brutal difficulty, groovy game music, and a cute protagonist.  If you yearn for the days of awesome platform games, or like to stab monsters and watch them bleed all over the screen then this will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,211260,7521886,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Twilov,"Hardcore gameplay, interesting visuals and cutest main character."
76561198022662838,Not Recommended,211260,17489111,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ABedardo,"I thought the game seemed interesting for the combat: it isn't. Seems to be more attention played to platforming sections, which is okay, but I find the controls/response awkward for a platformer."
76561198043455802,Recommended,211260,4931524,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,jungleratrob,Fans of beat-em-ups and platformers should check this out. Anyone interested in fast action and creative yet punishing environments can find it here.
76561198094931214,Recommended,211260,17747733,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Geothermal,"i really loved this game. this games difficulty will challeng you but its also fair. i would recommmend it if you have a lot of time on your hands as it will take some time to actually beat the main game. there are also cute little bonus games to play that are shorter and sometimes easier such as the pony-corn mini game. mostly i love the difficulty and how its not easy, i feel in todays industry games you buy for $60 can be beatent within a day. to me that lame.  the only actual bad thing i can say about this game is the controls are kind of funky sometimes and some checkpoints i crossed would still send me back to the beginning of the stage even if i saved and closed the game down properly. if your a retro gamer i do recommend this game :)i would give this game a 8/10 because because of its difficulty."
,Recommended,211260,17560791,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Skramiman,"Every level makes me want to kill myself. 11/10. But seriously, the game has really excellent level design, cool art style and an awesome soundtrack. But be prepared to rage if you aren't great at platformers. Either git gud, or be willing to die over 100 times in one level."
,Not Recommended,211260,17756029,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,seVer,"My XBOX ONE controller does not work for this game. I ended up talking with one of the devs and that person seemed as though they actually wanted to help me figure out the problem. After a few quick communications, I never did get any actual help. I can't tell you if this game is any good or not. XBOX ONE controller users beware. Looks like I'm going to need to wait on the Steam controller. This review will change if I ever get the damn game working with a controller."
76561198050619524,Recommended,211260,17705058,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MindHoney,
,Recommended,211260,3691471,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,VideoFaner,"The first levels seems easy,but when you reach a certain point,you notice,the game wants to kill you. If you like games,the ♥♥♥♥ you again and again and if you like to nearly smash you keyboard against a wall,this game i perfect for you. Sadly it only has 11 levels, but for the last levels you need around 30-60 minutes!"
76561198141806587,Recommended,211260,17648433,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,PepperSpanish,This game makes me hate myself.10/10 would die several hundred times again.
,Recommended,211260,3934607,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Peter O'Hanlon (Tongara),"Great game with a unique art style, a challenge and pretty fun. Great Soundtrack too."
,Recommended,211260,23652408,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Wayward Son,"You know, if you're a fan of incredibly frustrating-throw your controller through the window action, filled with levels that make no sense, but just made as frustrating as possible, just because. Then you'll love this game. Me, not so much. I can't give it a bad recommendment just because I'm terrible at these types of genre's. As someone that used to play Megaman/X I was hoping this would be a nice throw back, boy was I wrong. 7/10 would Cthulu again. 10/10 Won't reinstall."
76561198071243270,Recommended,211260,23473107,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TheUnnamedStranger,"Note: I basically forced myself to replay half the game to get myself in the right mindset for this review, it may be exxagerated for comedic purposes. Also ignore my time, I had to get a new computer and it didn't carry over for some odd reason.They Bleed Pixelsis another classic Hardcore Platformer that's been popular around the Steam market sinceSuper Meat Boytook the world by storm, with the twist this time being that it has light combat elements. And I must say, it's probably not as hard asSuper Meat Boy, but it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off far more. I am completely convinced that the lovecraftian themes are not coincidental and that it was actually programmed by an Elder God. Maybe this is how they plan to take over the world.This game doesn't have the ease thatSuper Meat Boydid, where the gradual yet rapid climb in difficulty helped you get used to the weighty jump mechanics and platforming. It rushes you through a joke of a tutorial level before pushing you out into levels that expect you to know every in and out of the platforming and combat so it can watch you blunder your way into the same spike pit 500 times. And I love it.100% of your deaths will be due to your own stupidity, there is no greater anguish in the world than narrowly missing your kick attack while the monster you missed bats you away with its noodly-arm attack. There is nothing more puzzling than touching the long spikes at zero momentum only for them to insta-skewer your purple schoolgirl♥♥♥♥♥for the 60th time. And I love it.You have three hits instead of one, but it's a ruse. I can count the times it saved me on one hand. There is no mercy invincibility, traps will combo you to deathDevil's Deceptionstyle and certain traps will kill you in one hit anyway. Even the smallest spike pit will bounce you around like a toy because yes spikes cause knockback, don't question it. A well-placed basic enemy can ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you to death from sheer bad luck. And Iloveit.This game is like an abusive relationship. No matter how much it hurts me I keep coming back. I didn't get the burnout I got late intoSuper Meat Boywhere I was convinced the obstacles that got placed before me were insurmountable and gave up. Every painfully difficult challenge had a way for me to pass it once I knew the platforming, no matter how many times I failed. The enemies suffered all the same handicaps I did, being afflicted by slippery surfaces and insta-murdered by a bad fall into spike pits. Nothing was better than me and at the same time nothing was weaker. Nothing felt easy, but nothing felt impossible. I feel like this game might've fared better as the hack-n-slash gore fest I thought it would be, but it does damn fine with what it has.My one real complaint is that the soundtrack is incredibly lackluster. And I mean incredibly. A big draw of these hardcore platformers is the catchy memorable tunes, likeSuper Meat Boywith its orchestral scores and kickass guitar shreds. The OST in this game consists mostly of chiptune songs that aren't atrocious but don't stick in your head for any length of time. I could probably recognize every song in SMB's playlist right now, but I barely remember the music of the level I just played before writing this.Fortunately, the most recent update has added a Novice Mode, which is the closest thing to mercy this game will ever show you. It makes the stages slightly easier, but you can't access the final level and your high scores aren't tracked. Still, everyone playing this game for the first time should make full use of it. Your♥♥♥♥♥will still be kicked, but not quite as hard.Definitely a recommendation for those who enjoy Hardcore Platformers, and especially for those who enjoyedSuper Meat Boybecause I consider this game to be better."
76561198012485096,Recommended,211260,23448103,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Minnow,This game is pretty awesome.  Its very hard but even though you die a lot it just makes you want to beat it that much more.  Controlls are pretty solid but if you mess up even in the slightest it is very unforgiving.. but thats what makes you keep playing.
76561197995243412,Recommended,211260,23409735,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Freyband,"Fun and difficult. Unforgiving at times, including bugs deep into some levels that force you to restart (or give up)."
,Recommended,211260,6157832,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Lyheon,They Bleed Pixels is a 2D puzzle/platform. It is insanely hard and insanely fun.
,Recommended,211260,23302009,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TricerSpike,"God, this is a fun game, it's like if Super Meat Boy had a child at Miskatonic University.  It's addicting, it's fair, but most of all, it is hard, no questions asked."
76561198092662708,Recommended,211260,23321806,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,BoohooMF,"I use keyboard playing this game, and I just bought the new one. Thank you spookysquid!"
,Recommended,211260,2704180,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,L'Spectacular Seffylocks,"Expect to have a lot of fun with this game, but also expect to be intensely frustrated."
,Recommended,211260,23150688,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,"Randoms J, Alexander",10/10 I would die in the same place again and again and again and probably again
,Recommended,211260,23098647,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Drmanman,There is a bonus level in this game called... It's called They Bleed Ponycorns. And it's narrated by a little girl.
76561198109734184,Recommended,211260,23181741,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Warden Hellfire,"Very fun, Challenging and ambitious pixel platformer with a fast pace gameplay style. High hopes for a sequel."
76561198079359021,Recommended,211260,24218862,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ElpadoCaliente,"M8, just buys this sh*t."
76561198034748651,Recommended,211260,24402927,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Eldritch Lurker,"Not too fast and not too slow, just right. If you like Super Meat Boy, but didn't enjoy how break-neck the speed can be, this might be your cup of tea. The music of the game goes quite well with levels, sometimes really adding to the tension of some particularly tricky jumps. The backgrounds are very lush and will sometimes play a part in how the geometry and themes of the level play out. For example, chapter 2-level 3, has paper lamps in the background, which is also the shape that some of your platforms for that level will be. Some levels focus on being methodical while others will create a need to go as fast as possible.The combat is easy to get into, but hard to master. Anyone can stab a shambler, but the challenge comes from new and efficient ways of going about it. Why kill one at a time when you can kick him and his friends into a corner and into a saw blade all at once? While enemy variety is sparse, the ways to kill are not. The game rewards you in two ways for chaining these events together: Score and checkpoints. Score is just a way to show how good you did and it comes with achievements. Checkpoints allow you to hold a charge that, when standing still, creates a place to start from. The better you do, the more frequent the checkpoints.Lastly, the game gives you everything you need to platform to the best of your precision from the start. You can double jump, dash, plummet, latch onto and off of walls, and you can duck. Most of the things you can perform are in the in-game instructions menu and, through progress unlocks, tutorials. Even if they are not located there, the environment has stickers of buttons to help you out, sometimes redundantly.  One odd decision was omitting how to preform slides in the instructions menu, then there's a level where you have to use the slide to get through and there is indeed a sticker with how to perform the move. After you beat said level, the tutorial teaches you how to...slide. I found this confusing because if I need the slide to beat the level why put a tutorial _after_ I beat it instead of before. It is a very minor gripe compared to another thing I dislike, which is the ice platforms. While their main purpose is to prevent you from check pointing and to encourage momentum, they make combat a complete hassle to perform at times. You'll want to combo and stab something only to realize you pushed him away. Dashing almost never works on ice, but when it does, you'll pinball away from your target. Kicking becomes very hard and the only (somewhat) reliable way of taking out enemies on ice is to plummet from very far up or very close to the ground and foe, kick them into the air and stab them since jumps are _mostly_ unaffected by ice.If you can handle a few annoyances, difficult levels with a somewhat large spike in difficulty around chapter 4, and the occasional enemy arenas, then give this game a shot. The music is memorable, the style and themes are well put together, and it's a total blast to play through. If you do buy the game, be sure to take occasional breaks and good luck on Chapter 5."
,Recommended,211260,29177736,Posted: 10 January,all,ManBearPig,great game !
76561198114088408,Recommended,211260,16253385,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,the Muffinman,"A good platformer with a simple, effective combat system and cool art style. Rather difficult (read: borderline unbeatable)."
,Recommended,211260,906661,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,Skull,"probably the best action platformer I've ever played, with a neat art style and fun music and ... all round, damn good! must have."
,Recommended,211260,3604994,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Dr.Slaughter,"There are many ways to describe this game. A side scrolling 8 bit Devil May Cry comes to mind, a Lovecraft inspired game with an upbeat and kickass chiptune soundtrackk also comes to mind. Regardless of how it is described, this is a very fun and well made game, well worth the full asking price."
76561198025714465,Recommended,211260,29451886,Posted: 23 January,all,Tino,Great game.
,Recommended,211260,29216359,Posted: 12 January,all,ClovenSafe,"Should be renamed ""Break your Desk Simulator."""
76561198082401360,Recommended,211260,29318805,Posted: 17 January,all,wd2dmaker,"I chose""Yes"" though I didn't complete this game and removed it after all. Did it for the sake of my monitor (wanted to smash it on some F**KING difficult moments). Quite interesting game though...especially for those who like dying dozens of time on the same moment."
,Recommended,211260,31516276,Posted: 2 May,all,Teags327,"Buy this game!! It's one of my favorite platformers, its fun and challenging and so rewarding when you get through a level. I've never had a problem with the controls like some others had, it's easy to learn and only using a few buttons makes things less complicated. Get this game!"
76561197976528105,Recommended,211260,721191,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Mexicutioner,Extremely difficult platformer even more so than super meatboy. Prepare to die alot.
76561198393348120,Recommended,211260,32154542,Posted: 3 June,all,gogostarss,沉迷！花样砍怪超开心，特别喜欢把它们踢到齿轮或者比较高的尖刺上，爽到。就是我的操作太辣鸡，虐得体无完肤，但感觉还是很爽很好玩啊！！啊！感觉我在在抖S和抖M之间不断来回自由切换。
,Recommended,211260,32215897,Posted: 6 June,all,shiheas,its good
76561198092629110,Recommended,211260,7208651,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,日真仁,今ならセールで日本円にして３５８円で買えますよ！そこの奥さん！（某通販番組風wwww
,Recommended,211260,14124490,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Platform Beat them up game.Interface/Menu/SettingsAll resolution sizes are available.You can play fullscreen or windowed mode.There is a music volume slidebar available.There is a sound volume slidebar available.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.There is extra mode, which contains bonus levels, art gallery and videos.You are able to play this game with a xbox controller. Which is recommended.There is normal and easy mode.Has tutorial and level selection.About the game.You are playing with a lady that has claws. You can use these claws to finish off enemies or by using your kicks. You can push enemies into dangerous enviroments to get a better combo streak going. You will be able to collect apple/sigil/red things throughout a level. Whenever you have collected enough of these the meter will be flashy. Stand still for a couple of seconds to make a checkpoint. Making high level combos will fill the meter faster too. There are cards waiting to be collected, but these are situational. You will have to use your kicks and claws in combination to make a nice combo, if they land at a dangerous enviroment during the combination, you will get some more points to the meter.You will have 3 hearts.You will have to make combos by getting points, you can use your abilities or the surroundings.You will have to find apples to create a checkpoint and able to heal yourself up.Pixel graphics.There is no temporary ""godmode"" after being hit.Okay Music.Has collectables.Decent replayability.Other things.Button Mashing is not rewarding.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,211260,7002604,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,The Atomic Ass,"If you want to tear the flesh from your face because of the impossible difficulty, play this game.  :P"
,Recommended,211260,35106879,Posted: 21 September,all,Wildeyn,Still need to replay it but it's one of my favourite games of all time the platforming just feels so good and the athmosphere is on point but the story is a bit lacking.
76561198079552290,Recommended,211260,34408322,Posted: 21 August,all,LevinSeve99,"Ignore the fact that I've barely touched this.This is not a game for people who like to win.This is not a game for someone who likes have control.This game is however, quite fun if you like challenging platformers.Plus its Lovecraft inspired. Which makes it that much cooler."
76561198132535017,Recommended,211260,34740821,Posted: 4 September,all,Slartans,This game made my wrists bleed. I want to die.
76561198125763577,Not Recommended,211260,34780602,Posted: 6 September,all,Goblin,"The early stages are alright, but soon the gamebegins to place enemies in the most akward of places wherethey can easily knock you off. Not to mentionthat many stages are covered with slippery plataforms.On top of that, many stages contain tricky jumping puzzlesthat require pixel perfect landing to pull off. It doesn't help that the controlsaren't the best. It almost feels to me like I'm playing a set of bonus hard levels, the type thatyou would unlock after beating another plataformer on hard.This game isn't hard, it's borderline unforgiving."
,Recommended,211260,32435790,Posted: 15 June,all,Truly Madly Derply,"This is a hardcore platformer game like Supermeat boy.actually character looks cute. also level design and gameplay was nice too.but, due to terrible controls can be Irritates you.but to me, I enjoyed the game and I hope there more update in the future.9.5/10"
76561198035790674,Recommended,211260,34675771,Posted: 1 September,all,Squish Squash,Good music and difficult and forgiving gameplay
,Not Recommended,211260,34713030,Posted: 3 September,all,pug-ster,"TERRABLE , look the game has a good idea going but at first i though ok this is a hard game but the ♥♥♥♥ing third lvl of the intire ♥♥♥♥ing game is harder than the boss of the chapter , the only thing good about the game is its 80% week deal"
,Recommended,211260,4939700,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Chdata,"The combat mechanics aren't really that good, and that the difficulty in the platforming is more annoyingly set up than it is challenging.However, the first couple of levels are mostly doable and are an interesting enough experience. The artstyle and music are stellar and for that much alone, it's worth experiencing. There are also custom user-made levels, which might lead to a better or worse experience depending on what you come across.----After around the 3rd dream (dreams have multiple chapters within them), difficulty starts to feel more cheap than interesting.A good example of this is the third dream's slippery ice floors with spikes on the side of them with a small winder where you have to ascend multiple of these floors with the spikes there.Or having enemies on slippery floors, which in turn makes it so you can't really combo them because you and the enemy will slide far apart on a slippery floor.Or having these enemies on a slippery floor where you also can't jump, so you can only avoid the enemy by bouncing back after hitting him and being unable to combo, or risk getting hit by the enemy and pushed across the slippery slope into a spike wall.----It's a shame, cause the game otherwise does have good mechanics, like the save point system, and stellar graphics and sound design.If I had to compare it to Super Meat Boy... Super Meat Boy is hard, but fair.TBP feels hard, and unfair.This is because the platforming challenges it goes for just seem to get cheap, possibly due to somewhat slippery movement physics that feel like I have less control than in Super Meat Boy.----I'd have high hopes for a second game with better level design, and perhaps better combat."
