user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,211340,7799023,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,マジレズ✰Shadow,YOU'RE HERMIONE POTTER AND YOU NEED TO DO MAGIC ALL THE TIMEDATE GIRLS IN BOARDING SCHOOLGET YOUR SOUL NIBBLED ONOVERCOME ACTUALLY CAPABLE DUNGEONSPUBLISH YOUR YEARBOOK SO INTERNET STRANGERS CAN SEE YOU  NAMED YOUR CHARACTER YURI LESBICIOUSA
,Recommended,211340,7759004,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cc_Hellboy,"To be enjoyed both ironically and unironically, 'Magical Diary' is truly the perfect gift for any occasion.Featuring more animes per second, with only a fraction of the overreaching schmaltz found in second-rate indie competitors like 'To the Moon,' 'Magical Diary' pulls out all the stops and delivers a magical, one-of-a-kind experience that'll have you saying ""I actually don't hate this...?"" for years to come.Is there a demonic wizard bishie waiting in your future? Only one way to find out...'Magical Diary' gets one Steam Thumb way up from this reviewer."
76561198124676451,Recommended,211340,12614727,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,AbsBloodLust,"Ok I'm not going to lie, if I saw this 2 months back I would think,""Nope boring, don't like dating sims,""Then I bought Dandelion Wishes Brought to You, and it opened my eyes to how funny and sweet these games are, they're not just so silly girls fantasy, most of them have a really good story and good/funny charters that you can't help but fall in love with.And this is another, I didn't think I'd like it as much as I did but I love it, I have laughed so much from this game it hurts and yes tears have fallen from my eyes.The art style might not be the best but it's simple and that's nice.I now love dating simes because most of the time they have a better story then some shooters or other games, and the best part is that their is more then one story, since there are different charters everyone will have thier favourites and their least favourite which is the best part. (My favourite is Damien, what can I say deamon boys capture my heart hahah :3 )So if you want to have a laugh and not rage quit buy this game I will guarantee that at least a part of this game will make you laugh, if it doesn't well done to you, because I'm in stiches. :3"
,Recommended,211340,17981152,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,GuignolSaint,"+ I love the humor+ Equal opportunity routes+ Memorable characters+ Great use of magic theme+ Interesting lore/world building and magic system+ Uses simplified character customization which includes a body type for big gals which is something that is rarely included in games, I was very impressed by this simple choice.+ A lot of replayability. The cheat system is a big help to see hidden scenes+/- I got used to the art style fairly quickly, it didn't bother me after an hour or so of playing- Single CG is recycled, romance is very brief- Too many useless spells and not enough opportunities to use them- You only play through your freshman year. It leaves you wanting to play more."
,Recommended,211340,7737280,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,gooseduck,"At first glance this game seems like it'd be light on substance and predictably simple, but I was surprised by how how well the story and characters were written - they each have a well-developed personality and  they deal with issues more complex than just who has a crush on who. The character customization, while not offering a ton of options to change, is a nice feature too. Overall it's a lot of fun!"
76561197971948490,Recommended,211340,14925778,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Wraith_Magus,"OK, so even if you aren't into Harry Potter Fanfics, and even if you're a guy, there's something to enjoy in this game.  (You know, so long as you're a guy who is fine with playing a female character trying to get a date in a very LGBT-friendly setting.)The character creator is fun, if a bit limited.  The sheer fact that it has a character creator at all is a big advantage this game has, and I have no idea why it's not a more popular idea.  Most accessories, however, have to be purchased in-game, and have stats associated with them, so if you wanted to wear glasses, you can, but they cost money, and if you wore some stupid-looking giant star glasses, you might get more of the stats you want... Cat paws look dumb, but they give massive boosts to (nature-related) Green magic, so it's sometimes that old World of Warcraft ""killer clownsuit"" choice between aesthetics and effectiveness.Choices are very diverse, although some aspects of your past aren't up for your choosing.  Most of the time, however, your choices amount to which classes you go to, and which stats you therefore train, with the occasional tests that demand specific skills.The dungeons are perhaps the best part of the game, and are presented in a Wizardry-style, but where your spells are tested as a puzzle.  Each school of magic gives different methods of solving a given puzzle, so practically any choice of magic schools will be correct if you just have enough of it to get a diverse enough set of spells.That said, there are some dissapointments.  It feels like the dungeon sections could have been expanded so much more, and the game would have been better for it.  The spells you collect are like puzzle pieces begging for some clever puzzle they can unlock, and the first few dungeons you go through feel like a warm-up for some truly challenging puzzle to come... and then the game says that you completed them all, and yay for your happy ending.  I felt a bit robbed of a chance to have some big climactic moments where that huge book full of spells could save the day, and instead just got a final exam where they checked the size of my book and said, yeah, you passed."
,Recommended,211340,14229594,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Dreamiest Wombat,"Accidentally married Snape in a dark dungeon below the school, then continued to wallow in self-pity for the rest of the playthrough until reloading, fixing my mistake, getting sacrificed to the bloodgod, reloading again and spending the rest of my days as a socially awkward lesbian witch.Not that I mind.10/10, got my bra stolen by the Illuminati at some point."
,Recommended,211340,13061070,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,jennabun,"I liked parts of this game and disliked other parts.Pros:- Different & unique romance options! I loved that I could go for one of my female roommates. :)- You get to customize your characters hair, eyes, and body type. This makes the protagonist feel more ""yours.""- The characters get put in absolutely hilarious situations.- Your choices in the plot certainly have a big impact and can lead you to many different routes, so replay value is deifnitely there.- The ""magical school"" setting is unique compared to some other dating sims.Cons:- I felt like the personality traits were worthless. I saw no point in getting points in the ""cute/weird/smart"" categories because they don't seem to affect anything.- The magical tests never seem to get interesting/complex.- Art was subpar. The characters all look similar in the face and their appearance doesn't change a whole lot. It starts to feel monotonous.- There are huuuuge chunks of dialogue/description with no pictures sometimes, which gets annoying. With such a cool, magical setting, I would expect to actually see some of the magic going on. Unfortunately, you never do. This is what makes this dating sim way less enjoyable than ones like Dandelion, which go above and beyond with scenery and drawing out pivotal scenes. The only time Magical Diary shows you a picture to go with a scene is if you kiss somebody, which for me, was only twice.Overall: If you tend to like visual novels or dating sims, this one is worth a try, especially if you value the choice to either date men or women. However, don't expect this game to knock your socks off. It's entertaining, but somewhat underwhelming at times."
76561198065979638,Recommended,211340,12269289,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,verstehen,"So, there's a romance path where you basically get to romance Severus Snape.If that weren't enough: gender sensitivity, gender neutral pronouns, LGBTQ relationships, lots of racial diversity (as much as any game with anime/cartoon sprites can have, anyway), and a genuinely cute story on most of the paths. Or a genuinely disturbing one, depending on your options.If you liked Long Live the Queen, or games like it, you'll definitely enjoy this one. (And now to cut this review off so I can go back to exploring as many paths as possible!)"
76561198042238472,Recommended,211340,16721418,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Skiing Dragon,"Studied a lot, still ended up a bad student.Was very suspicious of the winged boy, not sure if he was legit. Decided to trust him.Accidentally a married, lost my chance at wing boy. Spent a long time being sad.Decided to just roll with it. Husband was alright.Still managed to fail every single test despite being married to the teacher. Finished game a complete failure.Where did the last 5 hours of my life go?10/10 Would be a failure again."
,Recommended,211340,12367398,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,PaleGithzerai,"A charming, well-written dating sim.  Obviously created by a smal team on a budget, but the characters an the storylines make up for it.  Awesome depictions of female frienship and solidarity, which is rare in this genre. Highly Reccomended."
76561198050918249,Recommended,211340,18343150,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bloodyalice,"This is such a strange little game and so far out of my genre.  I just picked it up out of curiousity one day.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Yes, the game is cheesy and obviously is taking ques from Harry Potter but in the best way possible.Pros:Great, fun charactersLots of dating optionsSo many endingsHas a nice replayability factorLovely animationThe Professor <3Cons -I would have liked the game to be a bit longer, even though it's a pretty decent length, but I guess that is a good sign that I wanted more.Can I put that I want a sequel as a con? :P--------I would highly recommend if you get this game to play out the many endings.  They main one is great but some of the more uncommon ones are some of the most interesting combinations in the game I think.  Check them out.P.S  This game goes very cheap on sale."
,Recommended,211340,32759807,Posted: 25 June,all,Eleanor Amaranth Lockhart,"I really like this game. If you're a Harry Potter fan, it's going to be up your alley. I fully endorse buying it, but I do want to attach a couple of caveats:- the story has some very interesting twists, but it's very likely that if you follow the direction the game encourages you to follow, it will end up upsetting you. The easiest/most likely path through the story is trying to send a message about romance narratives and do a sort of deconstruction - and this means that essentially the game may berate you for doing what the designers expect.- also, do understand that the game is pretty short. It will give you a couple of playthroughs, but not more than probably ten hours unless you really want to see all of the romances.I really do hope the planned sequel happens at some point."
,Recommended,211340,12804196,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TreatsTrinkets,"I love the replay value to this game. I'm on my third play through and am finding new things each time. It's very simple, enjoyable game, especially if you love dating sims. The ""exams"" are a fun twist, and I kind of wish there were more of them (you learn all kinds of spells but never get to use most of them).My only real note is that there are parts that do feel a little too passive-- info dump parts, or places I have no control over my character or the storyline-- that are a little annoying in the next couple of play throughs and make you very happy for the fast forward button. I just wish the game was just a little more interactive, especially with the creation of your character (you can choose appearance, but no other characteristics). It would be great if there were sequels with the remaining school years, because the end feels a little sudden to me.I'd definitely recommend this game, but I'd also recommend waiting to get it on sale. Even considering the replay value, it's a very short game."
76561198178065770,Recommended,211340,14964925,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mookily,"Accidentally married a teacher and later got to tell him he acts like a sulky teenager. Then we kissed and became pen pals. Also was a star student, class treasurer, and voted most likely to steal underwear. All in all, a successful school year."
76561198168684478,Recommended,211340,14103771,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Caelevi,"How did I spend 5 hours of my life on this game? It was one of those things where I just could look away. I was obsessed with getting that professor to love my character. I later had to sit in the corner of my room, think about what I had done, and hang my head in shame. No Regrets."
,Recommended,211340,29984080,Posted: 17 February,all,The Hellspawn Hero,"Magical Diary: Horse Hall is a game that lives and breathes the phrase ""looks can be decieving"".From its premise to its presentation, it almost seems like it goes out of its way to make you underestimate it. You play as a sixteen-year-old girl of your own design (with the default name Mary Sue. Heh.) who goes to a school for wizards and witches. The game is very aware that this sounds a lot like Harry Potter, and not only makes few attempts to keep the player from making comparisons, it even takes a few playful jabs at itself with that punchline (for example; there is a student who inexplicably looks exactly like Harry Potter himself. He acts nothing like him and isn't important to the story at all.).The actual gameplay is pretty simple. It's mostly a visual novel, with some light RPG elements (you take classes to raise your stats in various schools of magic, sorted by color, to learn new spells) and occasional puzzle dungeon gameplay (you r tests consist of being teleported into a literal dungeon and using the spells you've learned to solve puzzles until you find a way to escape), and a bit of dating sim is in there, too. Each class you take, you randomly gain 1-3 points in the color of magic you're studying, and an equal amount of stress (bit of advice, your stress isn't worth worrying about until it's at least at 30, and resting just once drops it by no less than 20), and you usually learn a new spell every 5 points. There are a lot of spells, too many to learn them all in one playthrough, and not all of them are useful. The good news in that every dungeon has multiple ways to solve its puzzles, usually one for each school of magic, so as long as you know how to use what spells you have, you can probably escape the dungeon. Finding different ways to solve each puzzle is a good, viable way to prevent each playthrough from getting stale if you're trying to go for all the endings.The writing is arguably the best part of the game. As I've said above, the game is heavily based around the idea that looks can be decieving. So, naturally, the game starts out trying to look very cliche'd and unoriginal. Every character's first impression is incredibly tropey and shows a clear archetype that, while not entirely false, is definitely just what each character is on the surface.The headstrong, sporty girl who hates studying has a weak constitution and knows a lot more about the history and culture of the magical world than most people you meet. The shy, submissive girl who passes all her tests with flying colors is disillusioned with the rules of the magical world and wants to treat spells like a science. The pretty badboy who seems so misunderstood is exactly as bad as everyone warned you he was, if not worse, though if you pursue him (which requires many sacrifices), his love for you is real. The grumpy Snape wannabe who♥♥♥♥♥♥talks his class right to their face is the teacher most concerned for each student's welfare by far, and is also the most impressed with you when you find non-confrontational solutions to your problems.The list goes on. Most named characters you meet have their own route, and you aren't likely to get much information on them if you don't pursue that route, which also adds to the replay value.The game's weakest point is probably its presentation, mainly the art and music. The music isn't bad, but there aren't very many tracks, so you're going to get used to hearing a lot of the same songs. The star wipe screen transition is incredibly overused, even being used for characters appearing in a scene in place of them simply fading in. Hope you like stars a lot, this game sure does. And lastly, the art isn't impressive. I'm reluctant to call it bad, but it looks like it was done by a talented young artist; it shows potential, but looks immature. A lot of characters are also clearly made using the same character creator you use to make your Mary Sue, which is pretty noticeable. On the other hand, it's a good way to tell if someone is actually important or not; important characters have unique art.Ultimately, Magical Diary is all about faking you out, making you expect one thing, then doing something else, without it feeling forced or un-foreshadowed. If you're looking for a visual novel where you can get through a route in under 10 hours, with a better-than-average amount of replay value compared to most of its kind, that likes to keep you guessing, Magical Diary: Horse Hall may be for you."
,Recommended,211340,7834804,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,I AKU!,Have you ever wanted to be a wizard and/or an anime? Then this game is for you. 10 Sugois outta 10.
,Recommended,211340,13662747,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Norachu,"I own every game by this company that is avaliable on Steam and I think this one is my favourite. I love how while it's a visual novel, it has an RPG ""feel"" to it with the dungeons. It's a lot of fun and there are many different endings. You can be straight or not, or even go for the teacher! (Kinky)."
,Recommended,211340,7924192,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Paikia,"'Magical Diary' is a cool simulation game. You play a girl during her first year in magic school. The idea in the game is to make friends, get along with your teachers, solve some puzzles (exams to be solved with magic), and maybe get a boyfriend or even get married.There are quite a lot of options to explore, so beating the game once isn't all there is to it. I've gone through three different branches, although one of them ended prematurely, as it was my first game and I didn't bother to read any of the instructions or guidelines, so I got myself expelled from school and didn't get far.The graphics aren't anything special, but aren't bad either. The music is nice, the story has both funny, serious and dark elements, and all in all - the game is fun to play.In my own personal list of favorite life / school simulation games, Magical Diary gets the respectful third place (where Long Live The Queen is the runner up, and Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale is the winner)."
,Recommended,211340,2384075,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Ensus,"This game is more an interactive book, combined with some short logic puzzles. It leads you through the story of a freshman, including romances (both genders), schoolwork (with the chance to fail and get expelled) and the decisions you have to make if you are new at an all-magic school. If you don't mind to read a bit and like the graphics stile, you should give it a try."
,Recommended,211340,8282937,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Wren,"Just pretend you're playing out a choose-your-own-adventure Harry Potter fanfic AU and - so long as you're into that kind of thing - you're going to have a pretty ridiculous amount of fun. Don't worry; the pretending isn't difficult. ;)(Also: impressed shout-out to all the common sense about genders, sexualities, and the importance of not letting relationships run you over. Very nice.)"
,Not Recommended,211340,8637751,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fluffpuffies,"A unique addition to common dating sims! Magical Diary, unlike other games, contains bonus features including a chance to cast spells, use some point of strategy in dungeons, and with surprise events every other *game* week!Although the puzzles aren't very difficult, they grow in level and, in the end, have many more 'dead' ends and less 'good' ends. Five merits are for basic answers whilst ten for greater ones, driving you to complete it in as many ways possible! The numerous amount of save slots allows 'stop', 'replay, 'stop', 'replay.A downpoint in the game is that there are only female characters but this game is very loose in sexual orientation so you could be heterosexual, homosexual, or asexual. In fact, you can totally ignore the romance part of the game (though it's a gigantic, huge, overshadowing punch).The art is beautiful and expressions are neat, character customization is limited but not non-existent (which, in many otome games, feature pre-generated avatars). The subplot is light but there and you could enjoy the ways the plot unravels.However, despite all its positive points, I have many negative rulings for this game too;-> Short (For a game so expensive, the game is entirely too short! Of course, you could spend hours characterizing, spam save, and decide who your beloved one would be, but most of it is useless informative events [which deepens the plot but doesn't really relate to anything in the story] and reading the dialogue.]-> Impossibilities {Anyone ever recorded has never won the title of 'President' because it simply isn't possible. The plot relies a bit on your treasurer or non-treasurer standing and, as of thus, you must be either one or the other. You have a good selection of characters but it's impossible if you do a simple slip-up!)-> Non-expansive Magic System (Personally, I think it would be much better if they include a broader and stronger magical interface into the system! It would be great to actually practice this rare function more and try a more....mystical setting. Heavily reliant on Harry Potter (if thinking of Professor Hiero...something and the 'Wildseeds'.)-----Hacks -> Go to options. You should see an option on the right side which is probably a word you don't know 'F...' something (sorry?) click on it. Type in ""strong ="" or ""red ="" or even ""smart ="". Enter a numerical number next to it. Exit and see."
,Recommended,211340,14042765,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,catamongthepixies,"A cute, quirky game to play through, especially if you like dating sims or visual novels. An added bonus was the freedom to pursue a romantic interest of any gender. Some graphics got buggy on my mac version, but overall worth a try!"
,Recommended,211340,33310890,Posted: 6 July,all,[nBn] Kat,"Magical Diary isn't for everyone. It's an indie visual novel and sometimes dating sim (romance routes are optional and the game can be finished without dating anyone) that apes Harry Potter in an anime-influenced art style. At face value, this can seem like an amateur game, filled with predictably trope-laden characters. You are a teenage girl and a wild seed (a magical person born to a non-magical family), starting their first year at a magical school for witches and wizards. You're automatically assigned Horse Hall, which is roughly analogous to Gryffindor (although the traits valued are a little different, given that there's only three houses), and your roomates, Virginia and Ellen, are your equivalents of Ron and Hermione. That's really where the similarities end, although Professor Grabiner clearly refers back to those fanfiction versions of Professor Snape.Your basic goal is to learn enough magical spells (across five different categories, each associated with a colour, and learnt by attending classes on your weekly schedule) to pass your exams and advanced to your second year. Gameplay takes place across a year, with events being triggered on certain days of the week, if you've met the criteria necessary to trigger them. This is where the game's replay value comes in: as with most visual novels, you won't be able to run every path in one playthrough, particularly if you're going for the achievements. This can get a little tedious after a while--most of the romantic routes don't really trigger properly until after Christmas, so you'll spend the first four months of the game going through similar motions on each playthrough. On the other hand, you can prioritise different magic skills on each runthrough, and the exams have various solutions to them that you can have fun figuring out different ways of tackling the puzzle.My only real complaint about Magical Diary is that it's never gotten the sequel it needs, which is to say that no matter what path you take, you'll always be a little frustrated about the game's lore and the rules the school enforces. As a wild seed, you're understandably a stranger to the magical world; while other characters, especially Virginia, will flesh out some of that knowledge, there's a lot that invariably never gets discussed. This may also just be my interpretation, but there's routes where I would frequently get the impression that the school raises its students in an almost cult-like manner, telling them not to do certain things (such as mixing science with magic) but without giving them a good explanation of why, and then forcefully wiping their memory when they disobey. I would love to know more about that, but without a sequel--and I'd love to see one even if it's just following your character through the rest of their time at the school--we'll never get that information.Despite that, I do think the game is a lot of fun, and the characters are fleshed out. While they may seem generic at first, pursuing their routes reveals hidden depths that really brings them to life. Your character customation options are a little limited, but I do appreciate the ability to choose from a range of skin colours and between two different body types. No matter what it looks like, I think the developers put a lot of thought and effort into the game, and it really shines through in the characters."
,Not Recommended,211340,8811626,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,TekDragon,"Magical Diary is a anime graphic novel roleplaying game set in a life and school simulation. This is a pretty specific genre, but surprisingly there's some competition.After playing through Magical Diary I cannot give it a recommendation. Compared to games like Academagia and Long Live the Queen, Magical Diary is has a story that's too linear, gameplay that's too simplistic, and RPG mechanics that are too shallow. It might be good for younger audiences, but for those who enjoy the challenge of life simulators in a graphic novel RPG experience - this game just isn't going to cut it.I hope that the developer produces a second year sequel to this title and addresses these concerns. If so, I'll come back and edit this review with a qualified recommendation. Until then, play one of Magical Diary's superior competitors instead."
,Recommended,211340,7757059,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kona Milano,"A competent little fantasy game, although scripting in the puzzle sections limits the enjoyment of replays."
,Recommended,211340,7819773,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Uncle Touchy,"Being unfamiliar with Hanako games and this genre, I was largely skeptical at first but after a play through of the demo I wanted more! I highly recommend this quirky game!"
,Recommended,211340,13425658,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,znikkicat,"It's a dating sim meets puzzle-dungeon crawler, with classes on how birth control is awesome and consent is great and using correct pronouns! And you're a witch!"
,Recommended,211340,12934767,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MateriaMoogle,"Really nice visual novel, story line is decent and sometimes genuinely surprising. The friendship elements are just as well written and important as the romance options and finishing the game without a date is actually a viable option.I wasn't the biggest fan of the artwork at first, but it grows on you.I've done all but one of the endings with my current play time, deffinitely worth the money I paid (I bought when it was on sale though)."
,Recommended,211340,8620624,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,┬┴┬┴┤◕‿◕) ﾉ( Hi Senpai )├┬┴┬┴,"Really enjoyed this. Bought it after playing the company's other game, Long Live The Queen, and it was on sale, so why not.I'm not a big VN person, and it usually pains me to play through a game more than once, but I've played through this about 6 times now, just trying to get the achievements and the various endings.Playable on Linux which was nice, but the achievements didn't seem to sync from the program. But you could see them in-game so I wasn't too disappointed.Anyway, I do recommend this game, It's light and easy to play through and you should be satisfied by any route that you take :)"
,Recommended,211340,886053,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,baja gaijin,"If (the early) Princess Maker games had a love-child with Harry Potter, fanfiction, and a sharp sense of humor, you would get Magical Diary. This game is super-fun! I would highly recommend it to anyone with a tolerance for visual novels or quirky titles that I want to see supported because the person making them needs to get their other stuff on Steam so I can force you all to see ""tubbs is now playing Science Girls""."
,Recommended,211340,8244081,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Wicked Baggins,"Look, Magical Diary is what it is. It's a precious first year of magic school life sim done via big eyes and big blocky icons and two second dungeons. But don't let it fool you. While it's never as no-holds-barred as Hanako's brutal Long Live the Queen, it can veer into unexpected and kinda twisted places. Mileage may vary. Otherwise, it's solidly written, has both lady and dude romance options (or none at all as you prefer), and some awright situations. It's cozy with just a little edge. You know who you are."
76561198344231463,Recommended,211340,29060783,Posted: 6 January,all,indigo_inferno,"I hate cutesy otome games.Loved this one.Story was fun, going to class/leveling was fun, the whole thing was just....fun.I don't like fun.I liked this fun."
76561198044332155,Recommended,211340,20666648,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,wolfjmk,Always amazing! You never get bored. And there is a nice choice of dateable characters. Hetero or Les.
,Recommended,211340,18270965,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Boltte,"I don't know and can't remember the reason behind me having this game, all I know is that if there's an unfinished game in my library that I've yet to finish and touch, it will be touched and finished.Hm, I've played at least 10 hrs(not 4.2 on record as stated), the other part being offline because somehow launching it via Steam screws it up. I used awalkthroughto power through this game as quickly as possible so I can get on with my other stuff on backlog.Thisis my yearbook page in case someone's interested for whatever reasons.So...I felt like I was playing some sort of dating sim; you're this freshman girl who goes to this *magical* school to become a witch as you were borned to be. You go to these different coloured classes to learn about magic and spells. Like school, there will be tests to examine how well you know your stuff. There are seven exams in total. Oh and you can also just not go to classes and sleep or gym all week just like in real life. You get $5 allowance each week, and on every Saturday, well most, you can choose to either go shopping like a real girl would or study.Aside from that, you apparently get to romance with a select few people(or things as some aren't actually human.....).....and that either goes well or it doesn't. I went with that demon dude, who actually looks more like a girl than a guy, but whatever - thought it would be cool to get it *on* with a demon! hahahahahaBut yeah....If you like reading a lot and dating sims, this is for you! If not, then don't bother. I'm actually neutral on this, but steam wants either a yes or a no, so I'm gonna so yes as the gameplay was fun I suppose..."
,Recommended,211340,28208861,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,XiraRai,"At first I was iffy about this game but I ended up having a lot of fun while playing! There are a lot of choices that actually matter and it's really entertaining trying to figure out what combination of spells and classes I should take.It is rather short though, a full playthrough will take maybe 4 hours, but it does have replay value. Not neccessarily immediate replay value, but it's definetly something I'm going to come back to later."
76561198042826211,Recommended,211340,11624613,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Ninjosh,"I really liked this game. Its my first graphic novel type game at least from what I can remember and I have not played any others yet although I do want to in the future. What I am getting at here is that I really have nothing to compare this game to so my review may seem a bit to positive but oh well I think it deserves it. So this game is about a girl that was told that she was a witch and that she could, if she chose to, go to a magical school. She then goes to class meets people and lives her one year at the school in which the game ends with here dating someone or the other multiple endings.. or you might just screw up and get expelled before school finishes. The game did really well opening up the magical world to you without hammering you down with uneeded explanation at the start. You basically learn about the world as you go along. The relationships for the most part felt real and were not to over the top romantic which allows you to get much more involved with the characters I find. The game had a lot of story lines and a lot of your choices effected how that storyline would go. I have replayed this game many times and still havn't uncovered every storyline part. I know this because I still have not unlocked all the achievements yet. So the game can easily be replayed many times. The game is also pretty short so that also makes it easier to replay.Umm there not really any huge issues with the game, i guess after replaying the game a few times you will get a lot of scenes that you have seen before, especially at the start, but you can quickly skip over those if you want to. I remember reading some one elses review saying that the game was to short and that it was only one year of school. I dont know if this is an issue for me really because if the game was longer than I think the replay value would probably lower so good job developers with making the game short. Maybe the developers can make a second game. Thats always a possibility I guess."
,Recommended,211340,8726473,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,niX,"If you enjoy the simulation genre, then I recommend picking this up. My feelings are mixed about the game, but you will probably get a good laugh out of it anyways. I've put a lot of hours into this game and replayed it a bunch and have enjoyed it each time.PROSVariety of choices about spells, activities, which person you'd like to romance, etc. Many of the cut scenes and events also give you options.Replayability. The game isn't very long, but becuase there are so many choices, you may find yourself wanting to play again.. just to see what it is that you could do differently.Light sense of humor, sort of funny, a little bit disturbing, and even a little bit romantic.You're not bound to date only boys. You can date women, or nobody at all. It doesn't define what relationships are right and wrong, and so that's sort of nice to see. Hell, you're not really pressured to have a relationship at all.The font is easy to read. Which is good, because that's mostly what you'll be doing in this game.You can basically marry Snape. So, there's that.CONSThe game IS short. If you don't find interest in the game and don't feel like replaying it, then it may not be worth your money for the few game play hours that you'll get out of it.You can only play as a female. Character customization is also very limited.The artwork is pretty crude. The characters look like they've all been done in Paint.The music. This is probably one of the things I hated most about this game. There were only four (I think) different songs/tunes that play depending on the event or what you're doing, and they loop. There really wasn't a lot of creativity or anything put into that I feel, and it gets on your nerves after awhile.You'll need to play the game multiple times to unlock all of the different achievements, if that's your thing. So again, if you're not interested, that may suck if you're a completionist. There is also a pretty large room for error if you haven't researched/played the game before, so it can be frustrating if you're trying to reach a certain goal.No voice overs. Nothing is voiced in this game, so you'll have to read everything. I mean, it is a point and click simulator so a lot of reading and clicking is expected, but voices may have helped give a little bit of life to the characters.No ""new game+"". It would be nice to be able to keep your money or some of your clothing items when you go to start a new game. It would help make things a bit easier, and speed up additional playthroughs."
,Recommended,211340,22697079,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,The Man of Faith,"this is what Harry Potter SHOULD have been. The world is very fleshed out and feels real. The ""fish out of water"" character feels real and controllable. The way the story plays out depending on your choices made this really interesting. Certain events will happen regardless of whether or not you were involved in them and really casts a different tone to the scenarios. The romances or character centric paths are all pretty great, though some better than others (Grabiner was my favorite while Virginia's made me absolutely hate her). The writing is well done and the magic system makes for some creative puzzles with multiple ways of accomplishing your goals.My ONLY complaint is that there wasn't enough done with the magic. There were a lot of fascinating things to do but sometimes only 1 situation you could ever use them in. I wanted to see a little more considering the puzzles and spells had SO much potential.That said, I love everything about this game.I am a straight dude and I thought this game was fantastic. If you like visual novels, you'll definitely have a good time playing this.PS: I have purchased this for atleast 6 people, so... again.. totally worth it."
76561198099021319,Recommended,211340,23350165,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,rubbles,"i've played 62 hours on this. I haven't even completed all the romances. And to be honest I don't care about the other romances because the 3 I've done are SO WELL WRITTEN.Aside from that Magical Diary offers a pretty immersive experience. It's adorable, the music is very soothing and it's an overall fun game to play.I thought the dungeons would get repetitive but I actually found them quite original.I would reccomend this to fans of Hanako games or just visual novels in general."
,Recommended,211340,7797737,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lucia,I love this game. Definitely get this while it's on sale really cute and pretty fun to play/read :)
,Recommended,211340,10293913,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,L Ψ Kongroo,"Magical Diary is made by the same group that made Long Live the Queen: if you liked one, you'll like the other.Basically, Magical Diary is a Hogwarts Simulator and Long Live the Queen is a Sansa Stark Simulator.They're not terribly expensive and they're fun-short games with a lot of character interactions that move between foreground and background depending on your choices.For example, there's one day where Donald will try to prank Virginia with magical horse dung.  If you happen to be coincidentally in the dorm when he comes to leave the prank, you can convince him - amoung other things - to write a letter claiming it is a gift from her senior initiation leader (who's really into druid things).I definitely think it should be played with a friend for the sake of shenanigans."
76561198043168236,Recommended,211340,12228045,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,CrescentBlade,"This is a wonderful and well written visual novel type game that is actually affected by your day to day choices. The world has a deep plot with lots of lore, multipul playthroughs only have some content overlap with each other. This is my absolute favorite game of this genre; all of the characters are believable, decisions actually matter and frequently have consequences one way or the other, and the exams are fun! There are a large number of different ways to beat the exams which is very satisfying so you can focus on different types of magic.Graphics can put some people off with their Anime-ish style but they add a certain spice to the world that I think adds to the magical nature of the world. They are not fantastic but they are by no means awful and there are quite a few options in terms of hair style and color and eye shape and color. Yearbook pages are always interesting to read and some of the more unusual, and funny, ones pop up on the community to be admired."
,Recommended,211340,9578049,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Babukus,"So you create a character (only a girl) and you're put into a boarding school and you got some roommates.I have to say, this game, for me, was really hilarious because I used my own name and made the character to look just like me. So many good moments for me when playing this game... with Ellen.So part of this is a dating sim, you get to choose from a variety throughout the game, you get some ""romance"" development.You can choose from guys to girls as well. There are exams just like any other school, you'll find out what they are.The character scripts are so much better than I could have expected, really great and have developing personalities and such.There is only one scenario in the game and I hope they make a sequel soon. This game is a really fun experience!"
,Recommended,211340,3583912,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Marona,"Ladies and Lesbian-Lovers (or boys who love lesbians or women who loves lesbians)! First off, the game will turn you off quickly on your first scenario run. Later on the game gets more exciting when you get different scenarios. A pretty good dating sim for girls or lesbian lovers! P.S I ♥♥♥♥in hate Damien."
,Recommended,211340,12616925,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Chicken Hunter,The puzzles have alot of solutions making it fun to try and solve them trough diffrent types of magic. The story is okay and gives enough to play trough 2 or 3 of the 5 rommance paths depending on your intresst in trying diffrent spells.
,Recommended,211340,29392362,Posted: 21 January,all,404pants,"Love this game, but I really wish we could do more than just year one. Still, I'll probably play it through again with a different love interest, just to see what changes."
76561198052178797,Recommended,211340,8616094,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,vimbert,"While the gameplay often leaves many elements very underutilized, this game on the whole is a worthwhile experience. It's a little like finding a bizarre Harry Potter fanfiction Choose Your Own Adventure while drunk: at first you feel like you shouldn't be enjoying the experience, but after a while you stop caring.The game handles itself with a refreshing lack of gravity (the main character's default name is ""Mary Sue,"" for gods' sakes), but some of the plotlines and relationships are remarkably smart, well-written affairs. In example, there's a character I will refer to as NotSnape. My character, a girl in her late teens, accidentally got married to NotSnape. I nearly bailed on the game right there, but what followed was a downright heartfelt relationship that did not shy away from how bloody creepy it was.Some use of walkthroughs/guides is more or less required to see a lot of the content, but given the genre, I can't really hold that against it. I recommend this game, but don't pay too much for it; if it's on sale, give it a go. There's also an excellent demo available (whether on Steam or on the dev website, I forget) that one could try if on the fence."
76561198120233318,Recommended,211340,34055623,Posted: 6 August,all,sonntam,"I went into the game with a lot of apprehension. I was not a fan of the anime graphics, was worried about quality of writing, the magic system and well... nothing really inspired confidence I would actually enjoy the game.I still bought it eventually, simply because I love magic schools and there are not enough games with that kind of gameplay.I was very pleasantly surprised. The game is fairly short/shallow, but whatever it does, it does it well. The magic system may be a little hard to parse in terms of knowing which magic school is most useful. It's fairly easy to fail the first exam, simply because you studied the wrong thing. But later on the magic system really shines. You have a lot of freedom to choose different solutions, you need to think creatively and the game would have been worth buying just to play through the 3-4 exams alone.The writing is fairly good. It won't blow your socks off, but it's a very pleasant friendship/dating sim with a good amount of choices and interesting dating plotlines. I played 4 dating storylines out of 5 and every single one of them had distinctive different feels to them and offered new insights into the main story. I also never felt unfairly punished by the game, but also had the feeling my choices mattered.All in all I can only recommend this game, if you look for a casual, pleasant experience in a typical Hogwarts setting."
,Recommended,211340,8067010,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,CuriousMints,"This game is more a visual novel than a game in many aspects. You do get to make some decisions, mostly about which magics you choose to upgrade and who you want to date, but overall, it's very much a story. However, that doesn't make it bad. The story is fun with many interesting characters and a desire to replay it to get multiple endings. You play essentially a ""muggle"" who attends a school of magic. It's very Harry Potter-esque. There are 5 different kinds of magic to learn as well as 5 characters to win over. And all of them are interesting! Overall, I say this is a fun game, but if the idea of visual novels bothers you, I recommend a different game. However, if you like this game, I highly recommend Long Live The Queen made by the same company."
,Recommended,211340,9161930,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Zaratoth,"I liked this game more than I did Long Live the Queen. This one has significantly fewer skills and world changing decisions, but has more personality than LLtQ. You create your own character from scratch and decide what to do in school, with your life etc, without the constant pressure that LLtQ had. I liked it very much but I have some concerns. First, I would really like to see a story based on a male protagonist. I liked this story and playing as a female character, but I missed the choice of gender. Second, if the gender choice is not possible, why not extent the story at least? I mean, right when I felt the story started getting awesome, the game finished. We saw only the first year in the Magic School. Why not extending it to see two, or three years in the school. That would be awesome.All in all, I recommend this game to fans of japanese school simulation games and visual novels. I don't know if the price is the best for what the game has to offer. It has huge replayability for sure, but the short extent of the story diminishes the quality in my eyes."
,Recommended,211340,8196555,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cinphoria,"This game is unexpectedly funny, adorable as expected, and surprisingly pleasantly engaging. If you liked any of the Japanese sims like Princess Maker (and maybe the dating sims? Haven't gotten very far yet) back in the day, get on this train."
76561198025206883,Recommended,211340,7358998,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Shebali,"Part Life Sim, part Dating Sim, part Adventure Game, all awesome.It's Harry Potter fanfiction, only better 'cause it's self-aware and doesn't take itself too seriously.Lots of fun was had playing this game, and I'm still to finish every path since there's so many of them :P"
,Recommended,211340,10389819,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Satsujinki,Hey! Where is Harry Potter?
,Recommended,211340,23856859,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nikolaz,"One could say a demon isn't the best choice to be your boyfriend. But come on, demons can be cute, right?"
76561198019102296,Recommended,211340,23358963,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ancient,"An intersting idea, tightly scripted and well written.  Your choices matter and the various penalties or otherwise logically applied.The only problem for me is that a well laid out magical system is almost completely ignored.It's on sale now and well worth a punt."
,Recommended,211340,22263249,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DiscordtheGiant,Dated hot demonThings happenedStart new gameAccidentally got married to a teacherBrought him soup.Started another game.Dated tricksterTold him to shut and kiss me.9/10 would play again.
76561198087635730,Recommended,211340,28294565,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Riome,Genuinely enjoyed every part of the story and I'm still hoping for a continuation/sequel.
,Recommended,211340,33020118,Posted: 29 June,all,IncrediblyIndecisive,"I just finished a playthrough of this game, and once again I have definitely learned my lesson when it comes to judging games based on looks (more specifically, I wasn't a fan of how the faces-- face shapes?-- looked, but it didn't take long to grow on me).  This game may appear to be simple and meh (at least, it was to me before I played it), but the story and characters are surprisingly complex and interesting-- while there were a few times things progressed the way I expected, there were just as many times I was caught by surprise at the turns the story chose.  To me, the writing is definitely the highlight of the game, and all of it was enough to keep me invested until the end.  I'm looking forward to playing through it again, and do recommend trying it out for yourself."
,Recommended,211340,21795028,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This is a nice VN, with some stats raising elements. There are tons of possibilites (of routes and endings), and it was rather fun to go after all the achievements! I also liked the fact that you can make your own character.9/10. The art style isn’t a “professional” one, but it does has a certain charm. BGM was quite good, the songs fit in nicely during the events. The characters were all likable too. I hope there’s a sequel for this game one day!"
76561198052134309,Recommended,211340,11048720,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Densria,"This game is a basic simulator, but everything moves seamlessly regardless of the choices you make. The creators did not take chances that you would not make the decisions you were expected to, and made alternate endings to agree with that.The different storylines that can be followed are very well-written, and have made this 21-year-old girl squeal out loud. Characters are unpredictable, like actual people. They still act in ways that agree with their personality, but it's not always the way you'd think a game character should act.Options, at times, are quite limited. However, I do find it understandable, as a game can't quite be as fulfilling as real life. If the creators of this game made an extended edition or some DLC for the rest of the school years, I'd buy it in an instant."
76561198197567382,Recommended,211340,16901700,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,darbymowell,"I ended up the first time falling for the demon guy even though my friends told me not to, and I ended up taking him back even though I was explicitly forbidden to by a restraining orderYOLOThen I replayed and, through painstaking manipulation and coquetry, ended up marrying my surly teacher who is basically just Snape10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,211340,9720936,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Likaru,A friend of mine made me buy this game since I am a fan of the genre.  Turns out I either was drunk or tired as I didn't research this game as I should have.   It has a yuri option also. I still beat the game though.  Recommended for girls that like a Harry Potter and dating sims.
,Recommended,211340,24876110,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Empty Sun,ok so I wanted to date the blue guy because he had the same name as a chronically depressed associate of mine but he ended up being not depressed and pretty cool but then he stabbed me in the♥♥♥♥♥but then the went insane??? and now I am the best wizard of all time because I have all the merits and also a psychotic boyfriend who would probably kill anyone I asked8.5/10 need to be able to date someone who is willing to kidnap me and take me away from my problems
,Recommended,211340,17307581,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Edalwulf Bergmann,"Got a hot, slightly chubby, girlfriend who's going to become a Technomancer and we're going to probably have to burn the world to the ground in order to get the other mages to ♥♥♥♥ off and let her do her research.10/10. No regrets."
,Recommended,211340,10638339,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cerzel,"Magical Diary is the world's first parental abandonment, peer pressure and abusive relationship simulator. I give it ten beaten housewives out of a broken home."
,Recommended,211340,7594476,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Keldorn,"If you can look past the horrendous art style, you'll get a decent VN about a school of wizardry, with some extremely lite dungeon crawling thrown in just for the heck of it."
,Recommended,211340,11778499,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Forrestfield,"If I would have to summarise Magical Diary in one word I'd choose: Magical.Glad I don't have to use just one word. Magical Diary is a mix between a Visual Novel, a Role-Playing, a Dating and a Puzzle game. You play (or are) a female student in a Magic School. You can customise your player character pretty well, especially considering it is a Visual Novel, mostly. You can choose a general body type, hair type, hair colour, eye colour, skin colour, etcetera.Your days are partly spend studying a type of Magic (or activity) which you choose at the start of each week and specific events (influenced by choices and responses). On the weekend you have a variation of activities to pick from. This cycle basically repeats through out the game. Every few weeks there'll be a test, which consist of a first person puzzle you'll have to get through with the Magic (or skills) you've learned. In other words you're living through a normal school life... well, normal, except for the Magic, Demons, etcetera. This of course... includes dating! There's a few different candidates, both male and female to choose from: each with their own story and choices within that story. So there's replay value there if that's high on the priority list.It took me roughly six hours to finish my first play-through. Second lasted about four. All in all an enjoyable experience."
76561198124042287,Recommended,211340,11194025,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Knight Captain Otaku,"I went to American Hogwarts, knocked into British American Snapes and ended the game almost being sold into slavery by a assdemon. All in all, a pretty fun time at school. 8D"
76561198328863143,Recommended,211340,29002829,Posted: 4 January,all,patchworkumbrella,"I was really invested and immersed in this game. I really felt like a real witch in the school. I liked planning my strategies, I liked decided what stats I would focus on building, and the puzzles in the exams were challenging enough to engage me.But what I really loved was getting to know the characters and trying out different story options.Magical Diary also has high replay value, as you romance a different character, try out different story options, try different approaches to exams, try a different study strategy- It's likely that I will play through this game several more times."
,Recommended,211340,28998416,Posted: 3 January,all,shannabee,Light-hearted cute fun game ... (with a demon?). I've played through a few times and still haven't gotten all the trophies / romances (can't resist kissing the fairy ;p).  A bit repetitive but still enjoyed playing again.
76561198181323185,Recommended,211340,28884648,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ice-Pai,"This game not only is a dating game, but is also a stratagy puzzler that has intense replay value. I can say that playing the game first time through was a blast learning about these charcters."
,Recommended,211340,28906571,Posted: 1 January,all,Cat Alex,10/10This game is a lot of fun! I loved how the story weaves together and how going down different paths gives you some insight to other events you would miss on other playthroughs. Building your character is a great deal of fun and naming them even more. I gave my characters all 'Mary Sue' style names which entertained me no end. The character interactions and relationship part was what I came here for and it doesn't disappoint. The magical spells/test part I didn't care too much about but they worked well and broke up the game pleasantly. The characters are decently fleshed out and you come away feeling touched by the relationship you forge during the course of the game.
,Recommended,211340,12990275,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,christikf,"I liked this game quite a lot. I've played through twice and discovered a great deal more depth to the story if you explore some of the romance-type options. I do wish the game was longer; I hoped you'd get to play though the whole 4-year school experience, as it felt like the game ended just as my character was starting to become more well-rounded and powerful. I appreciated the diversity among npcs as well as the option to pursue romances with males or females, as you prefer. I definitely recommend it, although you might want to wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,211340,8232851,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Aegis Telos,"A fun Harry Potter-esque visual novel. You create your own character and become a witch learning magic. Dungeon crawling includes allowing you to solve puzzles in several different ways and even includes extra credit. Make friends and bloom romance with many different characters regardless of their gender. It's a great game that fans of fantasy, especially Harry Potter and Zero no Tsukaima, will enjoy."
76561198016703284,Recommended,211340,7950318,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,BlubberNuggetz,"A fairly decent, western visual novel.  The story may not be anything too new, but it is handled well enough, and is enjoyable. The game systems work well, though at first it can be a bit daunting trying to figure out which types of magic to focus on and how often to do things other than going to class, but once you figure it out it isn't too bad. While the puzzle/dungeon aspects of the game were not particularly great, they added some depth and changed up the game a bit. The characters were, for the most part, enjoyable and fairly well developed and portrayed, and my only real complaint lies with the visuals, which while good for a small indie visual novel, bugged me throughout the game. I feel that if the artist could make the eyes smaller, that wouldn't have been a problem, but that may be just me, who knows."
,Recommended,211340,2911109,"Posted: 3 June, 2012",all,Coach Harbaugh,"This game rocks. Two playthroughs so far, and starting another. Charming story, lots of choices, and high school romance. So terrific!"
76561198045534835,Recommended,211340,5140733,"Posted: 17 July, 2012",all,jenasakura,"This is one of those games I can play over and over. It's a fun, simple game that's not too serious. It's like a mix between a visual novel and Harry Potter. I wish the game was longer though. Perhaps following right through to the final years. Brilliant though, would recommend."
76561198015331366,Recommended,211340,12097323,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Drkvixn,"A surprisingly good Dating Sim that would definitely surprise you.I've only run through two of the routes but in that time I tried dating a demon, almost lost my soul, made red tangerine scnted candles, married my teacher by accident, had said teacher threaten to lock me in a sex dungeon for the rest of the year, and learnt a metric ♥♥♥♥-ton of spells that I only used about five of.Would definitely let myself be locked in a sex dungeon again."
,Recommended,211340,28868333,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zashiki-warashi,"I'll be honest: this is the first visual novel / dating sim game I play, so I cannot compare it to others, and see how well (or not) it fares. No matter what, this game I bought only because it was at an interesting discount during the Christmas sale... well, this game was a pretty good surprise, and I've enjoyed it tons.First: it doesn't take itself too seriously, which in my book tends to be a good thing. Of course it's inspired by stories like Harry Potter (one of the teachers is clearly reminiscent of Prof. Snape). Your character's default name is 'Mary Sue'. The other students you meet are often cliché in their own ways: the funny troublemaker, the sporty girl, the somewhat shy roommate, the playboy with a dark past, and so on. But this is fun. If you enjoy toying with such tropes, it's fun. Also, some of the romance/friendship paths you can explore may turn in unexpected ways, darker than what the pastel colours and cute character let you think at first.The game also embraces diversity without feeling compelled to point at it, which is good. Some students are not fully human (Pastel is half-fairy) and nobody cares (granted, some do about Damien, however it's often more about his behaviour than about his demon wings). Not only do the romance options offer same-sex paths, but these are also fairly balanced: 3 main het vs. 2 main same-sex possibilities—no 10 vs. 1 imbalance here—and, again, nobody will give your character sh*t because she wants to date another girl (one student even has two dads). You may even end up with a teacher, although to be fair, I'd have loved a Potsdam-path possibility (she's so cute and over the top at times ^^).The exams are held in small dungeons, and you can solve their puzzles/challenges with more than just one spell, depending on the paths of magic you decided to follow. They were fun to tackle, even though I thought the magic wasn't exploited enough—for instance, apart from these dungeons, I would've liked to be able to cast more spells during daily/romance/life situations in general.Conclusion: Good replayability factor, enjoyable characters with their own little side stories to discover, and if you like boarding school settings, magic schools, and customising your character, this game is likely to be an appropriate choice."
,Recommended,211340,11945952,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,OMGZombehs,Met well developed characters in this fun visual novel with plenty of variation and depth.
,Recommended,211340,16433012,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,I will buy anything,"A cute little game.  It does not have the best graphics, but it uses what it has well and does so to ensure that it can show off a large cast of characters.   I feel like the story put forth is interesting and well written, in many of its aspects.  My only regret is that I don't think it's possible to date Minnie.Riparino my heart.The fact that what you learn in class has a definitive effect on both dialogue and the interactive parts fo the game is a really nice touch.Another good game from a good studio.  I'll be looking at the rest of their works eagerly."
76561198039195513,Recommended,211340,17243582,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,HighWorld13,"-Got to school, bumped into a teacher, got -10 points of the bat-Had a demon fall in love with me, rejected him, became a lesbian-Kissed a fairy-Kidnapped by the demon, tried to have me give my soul to him, declined and he died-Went to prom with a woman and got a kiss10/10 THREE CHEERS FOR HOMOSEXUALITY!!!!!!!!Seriously though, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,211340,9445822,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,t. mike,"Magical Diary is adorable.When it comes to story, this game isn't original in the slightest, but that doesn't matter: It's riding on the wave of young adult fiction, namely Harry Potter's fantastical influence, but it does it well. Serious teen issues are generalized and explored in a way that's relateable. Characters fit stereotypes fairly stringently most of the game, but, depending how you play, they may be broken apart just past that surface level in a way that communicates social problems to youngsters.It's nice for those reasons. It's nice for a lot of reasons, but it seems like the target audience is what will most likely get this game unfair negative attention (in addition to the really cheap-looking production values, even by visual novel standards).Something this game does very well is CHOICE: The schedule of events and how differently the game can go based on what you do on certain days is mind-boggling. The sheer volume of stories that can *greatly* affect *your* life as a magic teenage girl is pretty incredible given the development cycle this game had."
76561198040559772,Recommended,211340,22651531,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,alianoraree,"I haven't found a whole lot of stat-raising visual novels, and was delighted with the way stat-checks are integrated in Magical Diary.  For example, there is a character you cannot date unless your ""weird"" score  is high enough, and whether you know certain spells will change a couple scenes.The game felt a little preachy a couple times, and the ""kiss"" pictures actually detracted from overall quality, but these were forgivable flaws.I bought this game from the publisher a couple years ago, and lost it when my computer died.  I had enjoyed the game so much, however, that when I decided I wanted to replay it, I was willing to buy it again.  Even though I'm generally pretty cheap,  I don't regret that decision."
76561198007602715,Recommended,211340,14848250,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,bluedragon80,"I found this game because I picked upLong Live the Queen(same developer) in a recent sale.Both games have exceptionally well-written story, characters, and clever humor. LLtQ is newer and probably a bit more polished, but MD is my favorite because of its superior depth and PC character customization options.The premise is you're a female freshman student at a magical school in northeast USA.  The Harry Potter analogy is pretty close but I actually like this American/anime/fantasy influenced spin on it even more.  Most of the game is character interactions between PC character and her roommates, teachers, and other students with different story outcomes depending on your dialog choices.There's also the character progression aspect that comes from managing which attributes to raise ('smart/strong/cute/weird' as well as 'white/black/red/green/blue' magics) with your limited class time while managing 'stress' meter levels.  Raising magical schools give you access to more spells which are used to pass period exams.  Raising 'cute'/'weird' alters how other characters react to you and unlocks new dialog options.The periodic exams are essentially puzzle mini-games that are pretty fun/engaging and also provide a nice diversion psychological break that help keep the other game elements fresh for players.If you make the right choices you can pursue romance path with one of several different characters, both male and female.  This was probably my single favorite aspect of the game, and the one that contributes most to its replay value, as the character interactions in the romances are very cute (I *was* a little sad that there seems to be no romance path for Pastel, however- Kappa).From HanakoGames company website 'We do not think of ourselves as just ""games for girls"", although we are definitely girl-friendly. Anyone who likes fantasy and adventure, anime games, or just cute stuff is more than welcome here.'I'm middle-aged male so I think they've succeeded in making their games have pretty broad appeal beyond just girls.  I have zero problems playing as a female PC character, which I know isn't the case for all males.My only slight complaint about these games is that there can be a lot of trial and error involved to getting an outcome you're satisfied with (I knew right away which romance path I wanted to pursue) and in my opinion save/reloading or restarting when you mess up is not only unfun but also breaks the story immersion.I guess the idea is that a lot of the fun should come from this trial and error and letting the player try to guess/explore outcomes based on story clues.  For many players this is probably what happens, but personally it just ends up being more frustrating than fun.For me best experience came when playing along withwalkthrough from devs sitewhich in addition to walkthrough gives some detailed explanations of game mechanics which are absent from in-game help.  This allowed me to steer the story exactly the way I wanted without the hassle of 'savescumming'.Any road, it's really good to know their are developers creating really innovative, high-quality experiences geared towards female gamers (and better still when their excellent design/writing gives them appeal beyond their primary audience such that I can enjoy them too)."
,Recommended,211340,1752765,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Athywren,"Bought on a sale-induced whim... accidentally played until 6am. Ridiculously cute game... tired now, though."
76561198018537483,Recommended,211340,11027998,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pure Anger,"I don't think this game was ment for me, but it was great anyway.There is nothing more I love more than visual novels and I am happy to say I wasn't displeased this time either.There were plenty of things I loved about it and a couple of things that I would like to see added(A sequel for the most part)."
,Recommended,211340,27974370,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,shippygem,"I love this game, so many options, so many routes, the Characters are well written and diverse. If you like dating sims, try it."
76561198205527589,Recommended,211340,29514065,Posted: 26 January,all,Dani,"If you can look past the down-right goofy looking characters and art style, Magical Diary is a solid game. Like many similar dating simulations, what Magical Diary lacks in artistic substance it makes up for (for the most part) in character and story.The game takes place in a setting quite similar to Hogwarts of the Harry Potter universe. You attend a school for the magically gifted where you make friends, learn spells, go to classes, and so on. Stat raising is crucial in this game, just as in many other dating sims, but here it's far less repetitive in comparison to others of this genre. Various events happen on a regular basis within the game, so instead of just doing class after class of monotonous repetition, the game gives you opportunities to interact with characters and make important choices.The ""puzzles"" of this game are less than stellar. They tend to be either painfully simple or just plain frustrating, very rarely does the game find a middleground. As well it's easy to ""get stuck"" during the game, which is why I recommend using multiple save files. This is important becaue if you don't study the right magic to the right extent early on in the game, it's possible to be faced with puzzles that you simply lack the ability to solve. Again, this is very frustrating, but at the same time a necessary evil for a game of this variety.Finally, there's the characters. For anyone who wants an idea of what the different romanceable character routes are like, you can choose between romancing your professor (who as many people have pointed out, has striking similarities to a certain Harry Potter character), the generic mysterious bad boy, the school prankster, or either of your two best friends. The characters certainly aren't unlikeable for the most part, but I'd still definetelty recommend considering their personalities before deciding if this game is for you. The characters are one of the things that made this game enjoyable to me despite it's flaws, but if you don't find them as appealing it likely won't have the same effect.Overall Magic Diary is a decent game. Just be sure to carefully consider the characters and the art style before you decide whether or not it's something you want to try."
76561198041636869,Recommended,211340,24510131,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Brother Alpha,"This is an excellent combination of visual novel, dating sim, and RPG. It’s not long; you can complete a single run in one sitting. However, there are plenty of decisions to make and you can replay the game over and over again. It’s easily worth the $15 to buy."
,Recommended,211340,8838012,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,evol.vixon,"Much more gameplay time than I orginally anticipated. It is insane how many different things can happen chosing different replies. I love it! I hope they make a second one! If nothing else, making Damien think you like him at first, then getting to crush his feelings - is totally worth it. It's great!"
,Recommended,211340,10206219,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,VanyeC,"A nice little game which seems to be so much more at first glance than it actually is. While you play it always feels like you're just scratching the surface. You want to find out all the stuff hinted at, find uses for all the spells you learn and get to know all the people you meet.But then, just when you think the game is about to take off and deliver you find yourself looking at your yearbook page and a game-over summary screen. I was quite disappointed upon reaching this point.But in spite of the early end it was a lot of fun playing. I'm hoping for a sequel or DLC that will continue the story."
,Recommended,211340,5087781,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Aliandris,"Let's put it this way - I'm up 3 hours past my bedtime because my characters maybe demon boyfriend has a secret and he may or may not be playing me and my room-mate got sick and I don't know why and I failed my last exam because explosions and my study partner has gone missing and I can't stop playing because I want to know what happens next!  Y THIS GAME SO FUN!?!?Seriously, awesome, awesome game."
,Recommended,211340,12219351,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,nifboy,"It takes a very particular person to enjoy a game like Magical Diary. If you are at all interested in a Harry-Potter-themed fantasy highschool romance visual novel with light puzzle elements, then this is your game.If you saw the screenshot of the furry monster in a classic PC RPG dungeon and are expecting anything at all like that, this is NOT that kind of game. Even if the demo is a big tease and ends just as you get to the first ""dungeon"".Me, I enjoyed Ellen's path but didn't care enough for the other characters to go through the whole making-the-bars-go-up scheduling part of the game again."
76561198275705766,Recommended,211340,33677346,Posted: 20 July,all,Sammy,"I will start of with saying that Idorecommend this game, just not at the current price. I bought it on a sale (4,49€) and I feel like that is a more reasonable price. The game is fun and engaging, but also kinda short. I have 100% completed the game and only used a walktrough for 1 achievement.It's also less complex than, say, Long Live The Queen (which I definitely recommend regardless of price), but that doesn't mean that it isn't still fun, and the lack of complexity makes it more accesible. It's easy to pick up and play for an hour or so and continue later.I must say that I do think there could've been more dungeons. I liked them, but there were so few of them that a lot of the magic spells feld useless. You will literally never use them. In fact, you will forget that they even exist.I'm also kind of dissapointed in the lack of variaty in the roots. The only one that truly feltdifferentwas Damien's. Especially the ending.A feature for saving the Year Book would also have been nice.Yet, I must admit that I definitely got my money's worth. Iwantedto complete this game, and to see all that it had to offer. I'd say buy it when it's on sale for less than 10€. The game was polished, it's just that I think it's too short to justify the full price. I would really like a sequel with more dungeons (and the oppertunity to date Pastel!)."
,Recommended,211340,4793320,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Rain,"Not going to lie, I played this game hoping it would turn into an erotic sim... You know being all nice to the boy and all hoping they would get together and ♥♥♥♥, but that didn't happen sadly and my boner went away so I could enjoy the game.After this I realized that this was a great game for an anime lover like me. You are in a school setting and you are trying to make friendships, money, good grades, and look cute. The story line is what drives it, there is no spoken words but the dialog is crzay long like a full book once youve finished the game. No replay value except for if you wanna replay and pick diferent choices to see what the outcome would be.Art 8/10Story 9/10Music 7/10Feeling you get when your boner goes away -9001/10"
76561198257717984,Not Recommended,211340,20711530,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,black.velvet.roses,"Absolutely do not recommend this game, especially at full price. If you're really curious, PLEASE buy the demo first, or else buy at a 90% sale, or just read Harry Potter. The story relies too heavily on the aforementioned novel series with none of the magic, and the characters who were based off of actual HP characters (e.g. Hermione, Snape, etc.) are very watered-down, very fanfic-y versions of those characters. There is even the concept of being Muggleborn (""Wildseed""), though so far (I've played till January of the school year) it hasn't really come into play except for one professor mentioning it.The game is largely a visual novel: it involves a good amount of reading and some choice-making, which does impact your relationship with the characters. The only ""gameplay"" really is selecting your classes for the week and passing your midterm and final exams. There are 5 magic types (red, blue, green, black, white) but very little lore behind the magic, except for the occasional info-dumps which I had no patience for given the poor introduction to the magical background of the world. As you continue to take classes, you collect spells which you can use to pass your exams. As another reviewer said, it is NOT true that you don't have to study all of the magic types.The player character's personality is pretty nice but given the ""lack of magic"" I feel from the general story, I'm finding it hard to even complete the game and get even /one/ of the endings."
76561197974085922,Not Recommended,211340,21454621,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Khorne,Long Live the Queen's less interesting cousin.
,Recommended,211340,34028767,Posted: 4 August,all,Sheepish,"Every game I've played by Hanako Games has been amazing so far. I thoroughly enjoyed this game, and I explored all of the endings. I don't usually fall for characters in dating sims, but I ended up really loving Professor GrabinerPros:+Really likable protagonist dialogue, choices, and responses+Customizable character including some custom accessories+Enjoyable fantasy school story+Simple mechanics+Professor Grabiner (lol)+Dates are really fun+Dungeon crawler meets puzzle, all of them were very interesting+Beautiful stills, including a sentimental yearbook, and a gallery+Seamless save and dialogue skip feature that stops at unread dialogueNeutral:*The other romance choices are alright, but don't suit my tastes*Music and sfx were okayCons:-Dungeon crawler mechanics could be more polished (changing directions, walking through paths)I highly recommend this game for those who love dating sims/visual novels with stat management and fantasy elements"
76561198256401424,Recommended,211340,34242881,Posted: 14 August,all,mrsdickens0305,"love this game, stats building, realtionship building, story building. It was so enjoyable it had all my favorite things about causal gaming neatly wrap up in a VN."
,Recommended,211340,35093320,Posted: 20 September,all,plk Lesiak,"Magic Diary is a very amusing mix of visual novel, dating sim and some RPG mechanics, quite similar to another very good game by Hanako, Long Live the Queen. It’s a Harry Potter-inspired tale of a female freshman student at a magic academy. As a “wildseed”, a mage born from non-magic family, she struggles to understand and adapt to an unfamiliar reality, with its pretty strict rules and unpredictable challenges. During her first year, she may succeed or fail as a mage, but also build various relationships with other students and professors at the school.The game’s cute, colourful artstyle might be misleading, as it tells a really well-crafted story with decent amounts of depth and multiple, interesting routes. In some parts it seriously surprised me with its sober tone and serious character development. It was mostly cheerful, but didn’t avoid some dark themes and drama - and what’s most important, none of those elements ever felt out of place. Some routes were more relaxed than others, but all had a decent mix of happy and sad moments, making you emotionally engaged and interested in what’s going to happen next.The game has a fairly strong romance element, but doesn’t focus on it exclusively and most story paths can end with you making friends and building bonds rather than finding love. As it is with most games of this kind, sometimes criteria for a successful romance path are rather unclear and you’ll need multiple tries to find an optimal approach to various situations. It creates quite a lot of replayability, while for the most part the endings you get without actively trying to screw yourself over are also satisfying and positive.If you’re willing to explore alternative paths after the first playthrough,the game offers around 10 hours of content. While it’s not a masterpiece, the mechanics it offers (learning spells, using them to pass exams, balancing your skills and stats while studying) are satisfying and the story is surprisingly good, better than in many “pure” VNs I’ve played. I think it should prove an enjoyable experience for most players, even those normally not interested in visual novels – you just shouldn’t judge it on visuals alone. Just like with Long Like the Queen, there’s a lot of depth and fresh ideas under that cute, brightly colored surface."
76561198131904111,Recommended,211340,16585576,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kamikaze9699,"The puzzles, although limited, are half decent, with only one that requires either having a specific skill or tons of mana to use the alternates. You can fail almost all puzzles and still complete the game, making stat growth fairly pointless. Further, stat growth is completely random- you can fail classes at ZERO stress, and the probability of failure to learn skills skyrockets around 37 stress (This may be just a bad RNG seed, as I'm informed it's a straight d% roll at 0 Stress, unless story-related). There are a fair number of story branches, though they all pertain to individual relationships, thus leaving it feel more linear overall. Your teachers are a Tumblretta and Harry Potter rip-off, though they kind-of work within the game's world, it still may leave a bad taste in people's mouths. Game has it's moments, but overall just meh."
76561198038943797,Recommended,211340,30399717,Posted: 8 March,all,aultridia,"A delightful game. Great dialog, great world building, great messages and plot lines, and a neat, free-form dungeon and spell casting system."
76561198000660583,Recommended,211340,12259148,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[DFB]Meagen,"The art may not be very promising, but the writing in this game is top-notch. The characters are well-rounded, each with their hidden depths, the idea of a secret magical world is explored in various ways, and the spells and stats you build up come to play in the story in logical ways."
,Not Recommended,211340,14093495,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ShiftyPhooka,"once you start playing you quickly realize your ""choices"" are pretty much made for you. too much of what you can learn is useless to you."
76561198110838264,Recommended,211340,12957832,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,AimeeCGG,"I don't know why I adore this game so much... I just do... I really recommend this for casual gamers like myself. It's fun, and definitely worth the money :)"
,Recommended,211340,18926172,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Bee-Yotch,"Great game, Can't wait for the sequel/spinoff!"
,Recommended,211340,12821032,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Pihren,I Love this game! I wish there were more! All the way to graduation maybe?
,Recommended,211340,21826636,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Landoodlie,Tsundere love almost got me killed10/10
,Recommended,211340,31509563,Posted: 2 May,all,r4m3,Play as female version of Hari Potta and go get that sexySeverus SnapeHieronymous Grabiner.
76561198120088337,Not Recommended,211340,9109192,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Retro Gamer Mama,"I was pretty disappointed by the static nature of this game. Don't know why - but was kind of expecting something more Aveyondesque. This is simply click and point, with little strategy, which quickly became monotonous. I think this could have been really cute and creative had I had a character to move, lands to explore, people to locate, etc."
,Recommended,211340,10590356,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MamaKatie,"Magical Diary is a very VERY silly game, that manages to maintain a very well-written story. Even though it is an otome game, it has enough silliness, and quirks that will appeal to any gender. Through learning magic(or not, if deciding to skip class), you can change how you approach the dungeons you face periodically in the story, leading to a new appeal through each playthrough. As for the routes, every character is very unique, and you may find yourself in twists you did not expect. While there are a select few with more to do than others, I personally found every route to have something worth playing, and added to...well, the magic of Magical Diary.For those wanting a silly story, with the occasional plot twist, I definitely reccommend this game to you. And especially to lovers of otome games."
,Recommended,211340,9930906,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,[Nr13] bard,"When I first played the demo, I was like: ""Lol, this gonna be totally stupid."" and ""I'm defenitely going to hate this. I won't spend a penny on this one."" While the first was true - this game is utterly stupid - the second one was not, I bought the game and I - wonder, oh wonder! - do not regret.This game is basicly a dating simulation. Even though there are dungeons and fighting, this part of the game is merely little and not the main focus. The main focus is dating someone, falling in love, having fun with him or her.You have the choice of several dateable characters, as far as I can recognize them, there are three straight and two homosexual choices.Still you may ask: why did I buy it? To be honest, I had a lot of fun, since this game balances out being a parody, while not being too ironic, so you still take it serious.I did not expect having fun, I expected the money going to waste. But I was wrong.Although, if you want to buy it, I hope that you enjoy reading more than direclty playing. If you liked ""Long Live The Queen"", you will probably also like this one."
,Recommended,211340,1353058,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Maurog,"Magical Diary is an interactive story/dating sim set in a magic school. Let's start with the bad - the art is horrible, the puzzles are way straightforward, the inventory system is pretty redundant, the music and sounds are okay, I guess.The story is kinda fun, and the way your decisions affect future events with many different outcomes adds a lot of replayability. Well done in that regard. Overall, the game is kinda meh but for sure it was fun while it lasted.For telling a good story with bad props, I shall give it two out of four bunnies."
76561198144831986,Recommended,211340,13331980,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,lop90804,"I love this game, just wish there was more of it"
,Recommended,211340,9749602,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Jamnit,"I was fascinated by this game! It surprised me at almost every turn and that's one aspect I really want from a game: I want to be surprised. The characters were fun, deep and imaginative. The writing is excellent. The gameplay allows you to be very diverse, making each ""exam"" passable by nearly any specialization choices in study. If you like story-driven experiences and don't require kinetic action in a game in order to enjoy it, you'll like this."
,Recommended,211340,9822976,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Meh Lawn,It's everything I love and needed. More cute games with little relationships please. I wish that you could continue the year more but whatever. still fairly good game!
,Recommended,211340,10162059,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,BobaHMT,This is a cute dating sim game. :) I like how you can choose to take classes or skip them all together but also the fact that they have the spells factor included for tests and such. I have not gained all the endings to this game yet but it is interesting what routes can be played through with different choices. The characther customization is also a nice plus as well as it is played through approximately a school year kind of things. The dungeons are interesting as there is more than one way to beat it. Also getting married to your teacher is intersting... but also I need to find a way to date my roommate I want to I just need to figure out how... There are other things I didn't know about either like the secret society. Sometimes you just have to pick the choices you would never pick LOLThe kissing scenes are nice too ^_^ So nice. So niiiiice and cute. OMFG.The only thing I have against is being $15... I would prefer it to have been like $10 but that is just my opinion. All in all I like it so maybe you will too. Buy.
76561198164727984,Not Recommended,211340,31543628,Posted: 4 May,all,GymLeaderJade,"First off, I wish there was a star system on top of a thumbs up/down, because I don't dislike this game, per se, I just definitely wouldn't recommend it.The character is a very definite, set character without any influence of the player's. This isn't so much a problem, but she isn't fleshed out for you in the beginning, so you will continue to learn things about her that you probably should have known from the start all the way through.Customization is pretty good, has a fair amount of choices and the inclusion of two different body types was great!The music was absolutely perfect for the game, each song fit the mood of the scene it was in, and I could usually guess which characters were going to appear depending on the song.The choices can be a little odd. If, for example, you have choices A and B, and in B you would meet a new person/group of people, but you choose A and don't meet them, the game still continues on slinging their names around as if you know who they are, despite never having met them before. It makes it all feel very one demensional.The art is charming, very bright and cute, but (and this is admittedly nitpicky) the character's facial expressions don't always fit the mood they're trying to portray, and that's not always a bit deal, until you're unsure as to why they look perfectly calm, despite the music and text telling you they're really angry.All in all, this game is okay. I had an alright time with it, it's certainly not a bad game. Just not one I would recommend."
76561198044628300,Not Recommended,211340,13660824,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pulli,"It is much too short, only one schoolyear and not really worth playing again since large parts are just the same and you have to read the same long passages again."
,Not Recommended,211340,19765965,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,BlackSparrow,I have had this game for 4 years and I still have no clue how to play it. It is very difficult to understand the spells and there is no guide....
76561198056701760,Recommended,211340,25880975,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,The One Chronicler,"When I was considering buying this game, what sealed the deal was a review that said that this game was basically Harry Potter, but more anime. I was not mislead."
,Recommended,211340,31588235,Posted: 6 May,all,TagniChan,Cute so far!
,Recommended,211340,12474969,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,.... --- .-.. ---,Magical Diary is quite the informative game.Like did you know that babies aren't real people?Mind = blown
,Recommended,211340,26629447,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Izarallia,"Ummmm more please??  Omg, this game was sooo amazing!!  I can't believe I bought it a while ago and it was just sitting there waiting to be awesome. Please please please add the rest of the high school years in!!!! Love love love this gameOver 9000 / 10"
76561198202537758,Recommended,211340,23539195,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,seaturtlehorsesnake,this is a game where you can let your dreams of being back in school come true.it's quite terrifying.
76561198110063842,Recommended,211340,14413357,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,nattykins bitchesssss,its pretty good so far.. was far from what i expected it to be
76561198052212657,Recommended,211340,31188681,Posted: 16 April,all,Techie Ashie,Would gladly pay for DLC
76561198054959782,Not Recommended,211340,10620314,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,sango213,"I bought it after playing the demo. It seemed to promise a good bit of choice and variability in the gameplay, and I kinda liked visual novel-esque games.Well, not so much. The story is quite linear with only minor variations (from what I could tell from 2 and a half play throughs), and most of the spells you learn are pretty pointless. There's even one spell, who's only purpose is to allow you a negative condition one of the plot points. (See Ghosts, I think. I haven't played this in quite a while)So, it's pretty dissapointing all in all."
76561198167289721,Recommended,211340,25299084,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mcloven0094,"this is a fun game, but kinda short, i was hoping to live out all 4 years in this game, hope they do a update for that"
,Not Recommended,211340,14654982,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Kawaii and Ecchi Bread-Tan,"Let's start of that this is my first review that I am making specifically because I feel this game is highly over appreciated.Review starts in...3...2...1...Ok so like, I wanted to like this game. Games like this are right up my alley. Did not like it. There's the fact that you can learn a wide variaty of spells that you quite honestly will never use. That passing tests require a very specific list of spells to be learned lest you fail for simply not going to the right classes when being given the complete freedom to choose said classes (Which you get in trouble for if you don't choose the RIGHT classes). Then theres the fact that the romance route for one character is like, continously shoved down your throat. And lastly the fact that you can actually marry a teacher. Like actually marry him, while you, yourself is still in school. Because apparantly in magic land that's okay and not creepy at all. Let's not forget that the teacher is obviously just Snape.I wanted to like it. I wanted to have fun pretending to be magic in a magic school. Did not happen."
76561198040529476,Not Recommended,211340,16386248,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wizzard,"Pretty boring. Limited love interests. No depth to the lore. Characters not interesting enough to not skip 90% of everything. Half-arsed attempt to rip off Harry Potter (I have no problem with this, but at least do it properly)."
,Recommended,211340,1876666,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Raymond Tracer,Kawaii simulator with magic
76561198088486597,Recommended,211340,8559803,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,slapy16,Great game.
,Recommended,211340,12272991,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Swole Pon Hiki,"I started it off not really knowing what to expect, and thought that it didn't give you enough choices. After classes start up though, the game gets really fun. Learning new spells and finding applications for them is fun. Mostly you will use them to get out of dungeons, which function as exams, but you will also be able to use many of them to unlock unique options in random events, which is an awesome touch. Speaking of random events, there are enough things that happen each week to make the game interesting, and a surprising amount of variety in the situations you can find yourself in. I didn't do a second playthrough for a long time, but it's worth it for some different endings. None of the endings are really ""the good ending"". They're all a bit open-ended, and all have something about them that you'll have to leave behind. The story is enjoyable; definitely interesting and unique enough to keep you engaged. I like to think that this takes place in some female-oriented alternate dimension of harry potter, what with the whole magical wizard school and professor Grabineer*cough*snape*cough*. But it has enough of its own story elements to set it apart from the universe that it drew much of its inspiration from. The main character is a little bit generic, but you're given enough of your own choices to project your own character onto her. My only real gripe is that you're character alludes to parents and a backstory at several points, but her parents are mostly left blank. Although I do have this theory that the school directors hypnotized them with magic to think that you just went off to boarding school... I mean, it really makes sense, and feels like it's hinted at a couple of times. I digress. The game is great to play with a friend for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, as well as for a couple of serious playthroughs alone. I think all of my friends have played at least halfway through this game when we got bored, and I've played it multiple times, so I feel I definitely got my money's worth.In short, best game ever 10/10. Buy it or yur a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198062552799,Recommended,211340,14964628,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sereis,"Nice game, I dont remember what i payed but it is pretty generic dont pay more than 10 bucks for it though."
,Recommended,211340,22838135,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,eatbugz,ii feel like this is about M E
,Recommended,211340,1497602,"Posted: 12 June, 2012",all,вzк,"I didn't think much of the game at first based on the horrible art style... but after playing it for a bit, I realized there's a lot more to it than that. I genuinely got addicted to the game and its story. The puzzles were nothing spectacular but they helped to make the story bits less boring... and once I realized you could romance your qt chubby roommate girl, I played this game nonstop for a whole day just trying to get her to love me.I tried out most of the routes, including the creepy teacher route (there's an age gap of like 30 or 40 years there) and did some messing around desperately trying to romance a non-romanceable character (thus the 70 hours... I know, I'm ashamed).I honestly recommend the game to anyone who wants to be pleasantly surprised by a game that just doesn't look too great on the surface.Don't judge a book by its cover, I suppose."
76561198095499943,Recommended,211340,8364698,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jaqen H'ghar,This is the game I have been searching for my whole life.
76561197974287334,Recommended,211340,8613593,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,dhasenan,"Methods of Rationality life sim. Who could ask for anything more? Except for a sequel, that would be pretty swell. My main complaint is that it ends after the first year rather than continuing on. But that's still a solid few hours for a single play through."
76561197984908006,Recommended,211340,15816802,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Avan Madisen,"Short Version:A Western-Made game based on the Japanese game genre of school-sim / romance-sim, but without the overtly pervy stuff. While this game has a feel that it was made for younger and more feminine gamers (not sure if that was the developer's intention) it is a game worth looking at if you like visual novels with an unusual twist.What I didn't like:The setting is a little too childish.Some of the story arcs rely a little too much on specific choices of class on specific days.As a teenage girl you can romance the male teacher..? What in the..?Not enough variety in the endings.Ending is rather abrupt.What I did like:The lack of pervy images. Too many games of this style rely on that.Lots of potential for following on the story.The dungeons are not complicated, but can be a challenge to succeed.What magic you learn affects the challenge dungeons and what solutions you can use.Five different romances (that I know of) along with several side stories means there is a surprising amount of replay value.Overall:Very refreshing to see a western-made game of this style that doesn't rely on pervy imagery. While there is some pervy stuff its handled subtly and in ways that doesn't feel like its there for the sake of it. The story and the various paths available are genuinely interesting and the actual gameplay of the dungeons is done well enough to enjoy but simply. I'd play a sequel if they did one!Overall: 7.5/10"
76561198035773407,Recommended,211340,23160817,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ranma3747,"Really good game! It has an intresting story that just sucked me in, I really hope there is a sequel!"
76561198068065140,Recommended,211340,15141040,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mordeth Kai,"More interactive than  most VN style dating sims, with a lot of freedom and choice. Personally I was disappointed at how little dungeon crawling and rpg adventure elements there were. I have so many spells that will likely never have a use, and combat solutions so far have been discouraged if allowed. At the time of writing I'm about half way through the game, so its possible things might change but doubtful.On the whole, it's a fun game, just not as much action as I like. And by the looks of things, it has plenty of replayability."
,Recommended,211340,25038830,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mama Bunny,"I wanted to romance the demon, but was forced into marrying my teacher....this is probably my favorite visual novel style game to date. Customizable heroine, multiple story paths, actual puzzles and reasons for your stat increases, and the game is hilarious.Would love to play from another house's POV and not just as a Horse gal, though. Is there a chance I can be a Falcon in the future?!"
,Recommended,211340,25475986,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RAWRssy,"Not as whimsical as Hatoful Boyfriend, but it's got a solid set of characters and intertwining storylines that unfold as you play, as should every quality visual novel game. Cheesy at first, but give it half a run through when you really attach yourself to the characters and you'll be whistling a different tune. A MAGICAL TUNE. YOU ARE A BARD NOW."
,Recommended,211340,17410323,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Karu Ambrogio,10/10 would woo again
,Recommended,211340,21746298,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Crowbeak,"This game does awesome gameplay things. The tests scattered throughout can be beaten in multiple ways, but only if you've studied dilligently enough to learn the right spells. Which classes you take affect which characters you talk to and when. It's definitely a visual novel, but it offers a far more robust experience than most.On the story side, it is extremely well-written and subverts some tropes in the best ways possible. Story choices can affect stats, too. It's all tied together really well. Do recommend."
76561198026629917,Recommended,211340,14383243,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Rosa,Best game in my library.
76561198203581968,Recommended,211340,14747538,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Reaper76,"OHMIGOSH this game is so amazing, It's one of the best dating sims I have EVER played (Aside from Dandelion Wishes brought to you :p) -Spoiler coming up- also Aside from the fact that Damion tried to eat my soul,  I think you can also get good endings with him XD I ended up playing this game non stop for a week because yes, it's that good! XD You don't want to miss this game, it's so good :3"
76561198038949047,Recommended,211340,14955478,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,saiyanangie,This was great fun for its price.
76561198105593796,Recommended,211340,22429605,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Amo-te muito avó,It did not disappoint!
,Recommended,211340,22597282,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Phoney,"cassual game, you  can play it while in queue for other games"
,Recommended,211340,23411284,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,xLisehx,"HYRU^&RS%E$&U&T*^FKTYMRXDFDZBUYTDDamien, pls, come back and hug me ;w;-cries-"
,Recommended,211340,8354171,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,グウィンドリン,"""Harry Potter if Harry Potter was made by a teenage weeaboo with a fetish for sexual assault by monster and decrepid pedophiliac men.""I'd say it's worth it for the regular price if you enjoy otome or mythical stories.If you aren't sure you'll like it I recommend waiting for a sale and picking it up then.Although the replay value isn't great it will definitely keep you busy for at least a playthrough."
76561198279058464,Not Recommended,211340,29782310,Posted: 8 February,all,Juji,"1: Genre (2/5)This game doesn't really know what it wants to be, its part RPG, part dating-sim, part puzzle-solving but this indecisiveness leads to the game not being a complete version of any of those things. Its usually not a bad thing to mix genres, but then they have to be interlocked better and they cant just be done half way.2: Gameplay (3/5)I liked the mechanics of the game. Your options were plenty and it felt like, what you chose really made a difference.Sadly, what I liked most also lacked the most  - the dungeons. They were always really short, and you either figured out how they worked really fast or you fail. This caused you to get demerits which ultimately lead to expulsion. The final dungeon which is your exam gives you almost no options which is particularly sad.3: Story (3/5)Its an okay story with some more or less predictable plot twists. The problem is that some story lines you chose are way shorter than others.4: Playtime (2/5)The demo felt like a third of the whole game for me, maybe if you played it a couple times through it would be worth it, but not for me. You only get one year of playtime, with the end of your first semester, the game ends. Many storylines still open and many things you couldn't do.5: Graphics & sound (3/5)Fit okay to the style of the game, nothing memorable, nothing new, nothing exciting.Overall (2.6/5) - All in all it felt incomplete and too expensive."
76561198075126117,Recommended,211340,13773727,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,celestine,"Title misleading, had nothing to do with cows or milk products, 0/10"
,Recommended,211340,18003179,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lyonesse,"A very funny game with lots of choices, puzzles and routes to be explored."
,Recommended,211340,9539356,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Legend,I maxed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥magic ~~~
76561198116934331,Not Recommended,211340,22166715,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Apathetic John,"Not enough romance, or even romance options. blam this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198037092744,Recommended,211340,8297387,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,poster,I can't believe i've spent so long on this game...
,Recommended,211340,18452431,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Nora (Birthday in 3 days),I have no words....beyound how ♥♥♥♥ing awesome this game is
,Recommended,211340,11622928,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Superbleeder12,Probably one of the best harry potter games I've played.
,Recommended,211340,8380541,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nerd Panda,Bem divertido ^^É um jogo com uma história que varia bastante conforme suas ações e você se prende aos personagens.
,Not Recommended,211340,9588503,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,LadyTaters,"I don't know why I bought this game, but it's definitely worth a playthrough to laugh at how ridiculous it is! It's fun enough, but the story is a giant fantasy-fulfillment epic for the creator, finishing with a (spoiler alert) TWU WUV plot. Seriously, don't buy it."
,Recommended,211340,27757442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Smugass Braixen-Chan,"This as the first VN I ever played, at it is the game that got me interested in the genre.I thought it was a dungeon crawling RPG at first, and it does have RPG elements in it, but almost the entire game is a VN, with the RPG elements being restricted to a small number of short exams.You get to decide what classes you have per day over the course of a week, which level up your skill in each type of magic, or two other stats, (Fitness and Intelligence, or something to that effect) but that's as far as the RPG element goes. Everything else is pure Visual Novel.The visual novel part of the game is that you are a girl named Mary Sue (That's literally her name! Though you can change it. I stuck with Mary Sue because I thought it was hilarious) who discovers that she is a witch, and goes to a school of magic, and discovers a whole fantastical world that she didn't know about. If you couldn't tell, it's basically Harry Potter VN edition.You can ship Mary with either a boy or a girl, since there is multiple possible parings of each gender. I can't remember who they are, though, and if you want to play I'd rather let you find that out for yourself ;)---Why am I writing a review for a 4 year old game that I haven't played in 4 years? Well... Okay, you caught me red handed. I'm doing it for the 2016 Steam Awards Badge. That said, it is appropriate that I nominated it for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award, because there is a painful memory associated with this game.I pulled an all nighter playing this game. I was looking after a very sick dog, and needed something to distract myself with. She had just been diagnosed with dog diabetes, and was in the process of going completely blind. While she lived for another 2 years, despite the diabetes, to reach a ripe old age of 14 it still makes me sad thinking about it.Her name was Victoria. She was a Pomeranian, and beloved member of the family before she passed away."
,Not Recommended,211340,10942134,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blah,Boring. It feels like your choices don't affect anything. It takes too long to get to the point. The artwork is kind of ugly too.
76561198031754927,Recommended,211340,12458560,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Finlandball,MOAR!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211340,18701256,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,"magical diary is an incredibly naughty dating sim where you personally assassinate any and all who stand in the way of you and the d, in a special scene encountered only by winning all 6 bingo games without abusing saves, you can obtain magical diarrhea and be forced to spend 5 minutes clicking through text in an unskippable bathroom scene! master green magic to grow some weed and sell drugs to your classmates. master white magic to talk to your slave-owning ancestors! master black magic to become a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing sculptor. you probably heard black magic can make you enchant things.... you can't! lol! master red magic to destroy everything while the professors yell at you for being too violent! master blue magic to pass the exams! master the 16 combined techniques nvm they're trash. learn so many spells you can't cast because of their niche use and high magic cost! take gym classes obsoleted by the heal and strength spells! earn demerits for single click decisions then immediately go to your last save and remove them! study nothing but blue magic from the 2nd week to the first exam just to pass!! have some super steamy freshman romances that you wont regret the following year! tell ellen how fat she is! rub it in to virginia that you have choices she'll never have! all this and more in magical diary: whorse hall"
,Recommended,211340,18853871,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[MSG15 Elite] Elegy,"tbh this game is really neat and has a lot of replay value. I'd recommend Black Closet and Long Live the Queen as well, as those games are comparable in quality to this one. I wish there was more of the magic use or that there'd be a sequel of some sort, but as a visual novel this game delivers quite a lot of content"
,Recommended,211340,69908,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,CarlCX,[THE CONTENT OF THIS RECOMMENDATION HAS BEEN REDACTED AND ITS AUTHOR HAS BEEN REMANDED TO A FEDERAL PENITENTIARY]
76561197972103428,Not Recommended,211340,23049950,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Melchizedek,Doesn't work in windows 10.  Submitted a bug but haven't heard anything.   Want to play but gotta pass it up unless I find an older computer.
,Recommended,211340,8526217,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Nyanta,"Magical Diary is another Japanese style interactive novel, with a bit of a twist. On top of the usual choice-conciquence system, there is an rpg style leveling system for several magical spell groups, and a rudimentary equipment system that makes changes to your character's image frame.Graphically, the game is mostly what one expects from visual novels. Static backgrounds of middling quality, and somewhat more animated frames for characters. The main character can be customized, and you can go shopping for equipment that further affects the visuals. The anime style artwork is unpolished, but its easy enough to get over. The music and sounds are fine. Of course, in visual novels the most important part of design is the story. In Magical Diary, the story is okay. Its nothing exceptional, but there are several branches available allowing for at least several unique playthroughs.Technically, the game is fine. The RPG elements work well for the environment its in, the menus do the trick, and overall the system is simple enough to handle easily.Overall, this game is pretty okay. Its nothing exceptional, but if you enjoy a storytelling experience with a higher degree of interactivity than the usual visual novel, you will probably like Magical Diary.If you found this review helpful, please have a look atmy other reviews."
,Recommended,211340,7756029,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,shadowmar,LITERALLY THE GREATEST GAME OF ALL TIME. IT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM. ROGER EBERT IS ROLLING IN HIS GRAVE BECAUSE THIS GAME IS TRULY ART. 11/10
76561198105785072,Not Recommended,211340,9484324,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,roxanne.chang57,The game is not working on my mac
,Recommended,211340,12544617,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Zoeticly,cute.
76561198043583409,Recommended,211340,24966425,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,went to hogwarts. roleplayed hermine during her lesbian phase. had a blast. Will mix magic with science and become a dictator now.
,Not Recommended,211340,28962699,Posted: 2 January,all,Empress Dowager,Dialogue is so bad. Images are so bad. Game is so boring. Stay away
76561198058450244,Recommended,211340,32627280,Posted: 21 June,all,Comic Sans,"Really fun game, but I didn't care for one of the teachers giving a lecture on not misgendering spirits. tumblr/10"
,Recommended,211340,3501997,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Bogor Represent!,"It's quirky and strangely fun. I failed most exams, go figure. Huge replayability because of the decision-system, you can mix and match your decisions on every playthrough and see what you get in the end.If it is weirdness you're after, look no further than this game. ^^"
,Not Recommended,211340,29880040,Posted: 12 February,all,Xenovista,"I took a chance on this and this is what I got. Crappy art style and skill progression makes no goddamn sense. You could literally put all your effort into one skill, only for it to be completely useless in the exams. Gender restricted? Why? This game looks like it was made in Windows Paint. Story is bare bones too. You're better off just watching a Let's Play of it. 0 replay value."
,Not Recommended,211340,29209280,Posted: 12 January,all,crumb88,"I picked the one who was basically Snape. I have a huge fantasy that one day the real Alan Rickman will come up from his grave and ♥♥♥♥ me. But this game bored me to tears. Fantasy shattered, and no, I shall not be playing this again. xoxoIf you're like me and you're waiting on a real meet and ♥♥♥♥ game with Snape, just wait a couple more years for VR technology to advance. Until then, save your money."
76561198093846765,Not Recommended,211340,28447063,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Pray,.
76561198075620483,Recommended,211340,10287098,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Shoebox,So after playing this game for about 80 minutes I have one thing to say. BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER! 10/10! I dont know where to start with this review I mean jeez the cast is just amazing and the story? WOW SUCH A STORY! I would recommend this game to all my friends!P.S DAMIEAN IS SO HAWTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211340,8459189,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shi No Megami,"If you are looking for a visual novel (albeit safe for work), then look no futher then Magical Diary, you play a 16 girl who discovers she has the capability for magic, you create her, give her a first and last name and what she looks like, the art style is anime-ish, and there is no actual voice acting, and the music is a bit heart warming, and sometimes annoying depending, but there is a skip mode once  you've played through a scene, multiple endings and scenarios and ways you can solve the exams depending on what magic you learn or items you buy. though if you're really not incline to buy, i'd probably wait til it's on sale, but otherwise it's a good buy"
76561198032403176,Recommended,211340,8460444,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,eakugler,"This is a fun, but short VN.  Wish there were more like it."
76561198041894736,Recommended,211340,8616453,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Aspartame,"Dear Magical Diary,You are a game thatI will never admit toor regret playingAspartame."
76561198067177760,Recommended,211340,8604667,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Miyam Rucks,"Strange, but an enjoyable game nonetheless."
76561198119244333,Recommended,211340,8504900,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dragmeout,"Honestly, I had initial doubts about the game. But upon playing (and finishing a year), I realized that it has it's pretty interesting. It's a good VN. The decisions you make affects nearly everything, and that's considering the fact that you have to do it almost every single time, or at least most of the week.It is replayable, but I have no idea what you'll do after exhausting all of the possible endings (there are a lot though). The puzzles are a little bit weird and are relatively few, but are fun nonetheless. My only concern would be the character customization options, which are a bit too few for a game that's basically a dating sim game, but it's not much of a big deal, I guess.But damn that opening! Harry Potter feels all over again!"
,Recommended,211340,8633141,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Miss Marvelous,A very Harry Potter-esque magic school sim. Overall I say it is following the game genre well and the addition of the magical exams throughout are a pretty fun puzzle to solve.
76561198049193268,Recommended,211340,8654308,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,stan,"My opinion on Magical Diary is mixed. On the one hand I had fun on my first playthrough. I wanted to see where the story was going. The RPG aspect (skills to grow mainly) seemed interesting. On the other hand after having finished the game twice, it seems that no matter what skills you choose to improve or how bad you do at the several “exams”, you can always finish the game, and it doesn’t change the story much.Replayability is compromised by having to re-read everything or almost everything, or risking missing some new original developments in the story when you’ve taken different decisions in the past. If you enable to option to fast-forward then the game will not stop on new text that you haven’t read in your previous playthrough.Still it was a nice experience the first time, so if you’re not afraid of reading relationships/magic stuff (the game, in retrospect, is more a visual novel than an RPG) and can get it on sale for cheap, then you could do worse than trying it."
,Recommended,211340,2474231,"Posted: 3 June, 2012",all,Mister Shine,I hereby recommend it!
76561198116882197,Recommended,211340,8671785,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,coffeemonzer,"Magical Diary is a very nice sim game. The setting is essentaly an anime Hogwarts in New England. Character creation has a nice varaity in choices. The Dialogue is decent and has some very funny moments.My only grips with the game are although the dungeons have multiple options, I wish they were a bit more complex. Also I wish the school year was a bit longer. Hopefully Hanako Games will make a few changes with the Wolf Hall game.All in all it's a fun game"
76561198012816761,Recommended,211340,2800692,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,aTriop,"During the gameplay, you really fall in love with the characters, and even feel like you're really in the 'game'.  With many different types of endings from marrying your professor to walking in the darkness to becoming the class treasurer,it's almost near impossible to be bored of the game. Definately a MUST-BUY for visual novel and 'wanting to have magical power' freaks.WARNING: The game is SO good that you'll end up havingwithdrawal symptoms. . . even if you're only gone for 5 minutesto use the bathroom."
,Recommended,211340,8274876,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,LeithalWeapon,"Why do I think MD is awesome? (Because I do think that.) There are plenty of things I COULD list, from being a fan of the maker, to the cute artwork, to the by turns adorable, dark, intense and thought-provoking stories told in the form of romantic paths, the the simple quality of the game. Oh, wait, I just listed them. Oh well.My point was, what I really love, even after so many playthroughs, and so much more experience now of RPG and VisNovel games than I had when I first played it, is how it walks the line of complexity. Most VisNovels give you simple text, with choices that affect outcome. Simple, enjoyable, easy to figure out. Other games also incorporate a skill system that affects the outcome just as much, and can be fiendishly difficult to figure out - do you have enough charm to be with this character, and if you don't, do you have enough energy to build on it without your character burning out or starving? The combinations can be endless - or at least so numerous that it takes a true devout to get through them all.Magical Diary, to me, is a perfect crossover. Because the magic system is complex, but straight-forward and, most importantly, it's in the game as a BONUS. Talk about replayability - when you're done with the romance routes and want to replay them, you can play around with your class shedule and skill levels to unlock some bonus content. And there's even a direct payoff to your skill building with the fun dungeons. The dungeon exam at the end of the terms might not change between playthroughs, but you, like the characters themselves, can have a lot of fun keeping your character from learning the spell for the obvious solution and really trying to think outside the box.In short, whether you're in this for a cute, fun, deep VN, or a skill-builder with the occasional secret bonus that won't eat up weeks of your life or require a walkthrough, Magical Diary is something you should try out. I loved it when I first bought it and, unlike other VNs, I still love it now."
,Recommended,211340,2414520,"Posted: 20 July, 2012",all,Rough Stone,"A decent game, replay value is low unless you make a save point for every possibly combination of choices because sometimes even a slight choice can totally affect the ending of the game. The initial playthrough is fun if you don't worry about anything but save occasionally since game overs can happen randomly. Also the art is sub-par but tolerable.6/10"
,Recommended,211340,9782984,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,DanteTheFriendlyNoob,"Just like the Rosario + Vampire anime, it's so dumb it's fun!"
76561197971825130,Recommended,211340,539542,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Haapy,"I'm kind of addicted to these story games, and this one's pretty good. The genre isn't for everyone, but if it's for you then this game is worth the money. It's a little short, but very enjoyable."
,Recommended,211340,1429809,"Posted: 1 June, 2012",all,AJ Dandy,"it's sorta like a visual novel but you maintaina schedule system and it has combat,puzzles and dungeons. It's all fun and games untilla lewd androgynous demon boy tries to molest you."
,Recommended,211340,9004123,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,EpicsPanda,This game was REALLY GOOD. I really do recommend this if you like visual novels :)
76561198090448319,Recommended,211340,9690802,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,AliceBlackheart,This game is great for people who like the choose their own adventure and build there characters stats. It has a couple main datable characters and a lot of endings based on the choices you make. Its enjoyable and very playable!
,Recommended,211340,9809487,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Thellos,This game...is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Never have I ever felt like a 16 year old girl who just started at (and lived through) her first year at witch school. Damien is a a****** c*** f***
,Recommended,211340,9368981,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,kikibrowning,its easier than long live the queen and not as many choices but so much more achieveable and entertaining. you only have to look up a walkthrough a couple of times to only max cute and weird. i love games like these with choices that affect the ending and your personality but actually finishable and less frustrating
76561198039741915,Recommended,211340,10650374,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,nikkih180,Cute game a bit repetive but still fun
,Recommended,211340,11056580,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,dreizehnX,Great and funny game with multiple really cool storylines.At first I thought this was quite a standard-game but after playing it several times I saw 6 different endings.And not only the endings are different - the mid-game story iself also changes. Somtimes slightly - somtimes a lot.Of course the beginning is mostly the same. But as the story develops you will realize what I mean.Totally recommended to fans of Harry Potter fanfictions. (I am none; but that's what friends told me)
,Recommended,211340,3613105,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Tutty The Fruity,"I'm not a big fan of stat-based visual novels, but this is a good example of one that works, mostly in how the story and dialogue will subtly change based on how you play. RPG puzzles are a welcome change to the formula. If you're a fan of visual novels and see this game on sale, give it a whirl."
,Recommended,211340,2248218,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,ACWraith,"I'm normally not big on story, but I'm fine with plot that follows my actions and I enjoy exploring decision trees.  While I'd avoid longer games like Dragon Age or Mass Effect, Magical Diary is short enough that I can write off each decision as an aspect of my current playthrough rather than fretting over how it will affect my next umpteen hours.  The fact that the training schedule reminds me of Monster Rancher probably doesn't hurt either.  I might not have bothered with a pure visual novel, but this hybrid has convinced me that the genre is worth exploring.Unfortunately, the production values seem low.  While I'm guessing that a lack of animation is expected within the genre, I would have liked better-fitting accessory overlays and perhaps some more character frames.  There were also instances where environment descriptions seemed to conflict with the relatively bland pictures.  On the bright side, only the mismatched overlays really bothered me as my first character is stuck with glasses that don't fit in her yearbook picture.Honestly, it's an original English manga-styled choose-your-own-adventure book with middle school fantasy romance.  If you can stomach that description, the demo does a reasonable job setting expectations."
,Recommended,211340,215304,"Posted: 13 June, 2012",all,Masakari,"So, not going to lie, thought this game look absolutely pants-on-head when I first saw it.  However, after having played it, it's actually quite fun.  It is a visual novel, but the dialog is humourous and clever, and there's enough actual thinking and variance in what you do to keep you entertained and not just reading text all through the day.A little steep at $15, but for $10 I'd recommend it if you like the genre."
,Recommended,211340,1597485,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,flatluigi,aaa why is this fun and interesting and actually well written i don't understand
76561197962165418,Recommended,211340,113165,"Posted: 20 June, 2012",all,XyzzySqrl,"Magical Diary is adorable and ridiculous. It's a British visual novel about living life at a Potter-style magical school. Your fellow students are mildly insane, there's romance everywhere, and you can buy yourself a fursuit at the mall.I've played through Magical Diary twice now, and had radically different experiences each time. Just mentioning what's possible is a spoiler, so you know.So, SPOILERS:  I have been accidentally married. I have solved my end-of-month exams in radically different ways using some pretty cool magical effects. I've found myself in intriguing scenarios. I've discovered that magic school has nothing against creatures of unusual gender. I've built a snowman with bloody crying beet eyes.It can get a little tedious to replay, and it covers one year of school so don't expect things to get ... y'know, SOLVED conclusively... but it's a nice experience."
,Recommended,211340,122662,"Posted: 13 June, 2012",all,Yanka,"A Visual Novel with a nice universe of magic - create your character, prepare your schedule, study & learn witchery, resolve puzzles and fight in dungeons, find your stolen bras... Errr?! Different endings and routes for a long replayability, choices, choices... which routes will you find? Oh, and a online stats system, what a good idea! Mine at the end of my second route:http://yearbook.spikycaterpillar.com/?c=h34203Try the demo!http://www.hanakogames.com/magical_diary.shtmlThen grab it, or I'll wipe every memories in your brainz with my magic."
,Recommended,211340,1993869,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Gasoline,"It's cute, I like cute thingsno regrets"
,Recommended,211340,1195596,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,tn5421,"Kinda fun to play, but the puzzles are only fun the first time through.  Would be better if the game were longer."
76561198080697672,Recommended,211340,6960866,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Leefaba,"I cannot get enough of this game! I love the story line, I love the many options, scenarios and chain reactions you can cause. I love the random events, the weird teachers and I love how it's like Harry Potter but anime style. GREAT game, and highly addicting!"
76561198078243427,Recommended,211340,16629970,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nemu_Time,great game played it many times 10/10
76561198187057575,Recommended,211340,17108517,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,whaleofataleteller,"I enjoy this sim as you get to have more freedom in what you get to do on a daily basis, and you also get to pick who you want to end up with as you play the game.  Some you have to choose ahead of time, but this one you can pick as you go along!"
76561198068847846,Recommended,211340,17230336,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,EnoughBarley,I love this a bit too much ; - ; I've played it through so many times.. where is my life?
76561198126557669,Recommended,211340,17466539,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ataashi,"A fun romance novel where you may create your own path, your own success, and your own character. The love choices are all interesting. Only sad thing is you can't fall for William."
76561198117493929,Recommended,211340,18026014,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mayumi Sato,"Dating games can get very tiresome and repetitive but this game is pretty awesome! First, you can customize your character and give them different races/hairstyle/body types e etc! Second, the puzzles of the game are really creative and there's many, many ways of solving them, which makes you feel like you're really putting your magical studies to work! Third, the romantic options are AMAZING. YOU CAN DATE GIRLS AND BOYS WITH DEEP PERSONALITIES AND REALISTIC(well as much as you get in a game inspired by HP) DRAMAS AND THAT ALSO HAVE DIFFERENT RACES AND BODY TYPES. ♥♥♥♥ yeah, this is a good game and a game with loads of rejogability! You should totally get it! 09/10!"
76561198052506137,Recommended,211340,18087919,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,chararii,"2 hours in and I learned that should I ever have the option to go to a school for magically talented people, I should turn around and run the other way. I got smacked around by Snape, blew myself up during my exams, got eaten by a blue monster, got sex-ed' by Mrs Sprout, turned down by my love interest and finally got expelled shortly after the Christmas break for failing all my exams.I studied all schools of magic and studied every goddamn weekend instead of making friends or chilling at the mall, but got my♥♥♥♥♥handed by monsters, fairies, a blue-skinned demon guy and cursed cheats.I frickin' love this game. Now off to get the girl and f*cking get my magicky High School diploma!"
,Recommended,211340,17703488,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Spocks_Cat,"I *loved* this game. blast♥♥♥♥♥♥ make out with demons! get married! be a wizard! I romanced everyone and maxed all magical paths. the only thing i wish is that it was long, like all four years."
76561198054074262,Recommended,211340,17703748,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Shanore,Loved this way more than I thought I would.It's like a sexy Harry Potter with less evil wizards and more forced marriage.10/10
,Recommended,211340,17568534,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Niome Mizune,This game made me bisexual.10/10 would go the lesbian routes again.
,Recommended,211340,20595688,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"This is a fun visual novel that offers a lot of choices.  There are several routes to complete (note:  you cannot create a male character) and there is a dungeon crawling element.  As with all of Hanako's games, the writing is solid.  I definitely recommend it."
76561198274506237,Recommended,211340,20575970,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,phoebevenable,"I really like this game. The best one I have. I think there should be more customization, so instead of Magical Diary:Horse hall, it would just be Magical Diary. Choosing your gender, and your hall would be cool, and one or two more romance options would be cool, but I think earning more options by playing the other ones would be great. I want more love options, but I really like how there were very little. Haha. I liked how things went with Damien, but I didn't really. AND DONALD'S ENDING WAS SO CUTE! Still like Damien better. They really should make more games like this!"
,Recommended,211340,20736431,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,firegirln1,"Don't be fooled by the art style, this game is fantastic. I wish that it was longer or that it at least gets a sequel! Its so much fun to have complete control over what magic you choose to pursue and actually get creative to pass the exams.As a whole, the writing is really great. Although, I will say I was fairly disapointed by Damien'splot twist. He completely changed as a character and I felt almost expected to continue with the romance in good faith hoping it would somehow all come back around or he would make ammends or something, but it never did.Made me feel cheated. However that was the only time during my whole 6+ hours of playing that I regreted any decicion and didn't feel utterly engrosed and engaged in the world.Amazing Game. I want a Sequel. If you like Damien in the beginning, maybe think twice about picking him."
,Recommended,211340,20687172,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,fiona.apple314,"I don't know how I've managed to sink 18 hours and counting into this ""silly"" game!I came for the joke of being a Mary Sue in ""American Hogwarts"" but I stayed for the fantastic worldbuilding, well-developed characters, and surprisingly funny, quirky and touching dialogue. Definitely recommended for any visual novel fans or Harry Potter fans!"
,Recommended,211340,20858383,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dragonzflyte,"It's a little weird, but lots of fun, and it doesn't take itself too seriously.Pros:+ interesting characters+ replay value+ surprisingly large amount of stories to explore+ fast forward through things you've already tried+ lots of weird choices, when you get bored of the normal ones+ choose your own adventure style (<3)+ the puzzles add a interesting element for a while (until you figure out the solutions)+ You can choose to have relationships with a bunch of characters, male and female.+ Spells do unlock stuff in story. (Yer a WIZARD, 'Arry)Cons:- if you don't like any of the characters, you probably won't like the game.- there's lots of text, sometimes it's a bit blocky- sometimes the writing isn't the greatest.- not a fast paced game- other than run through the story, there's not a ton to do. There are side stories, but not many mini-games, or things to fight.POI:~ it's hard to cheat because there aren't tons of guides. I guess you could make one if you want?~ the humor's pretty weird at times~ there are hidden things you can only really discover by exploring the game a lot. They can be difficult to trigger. (no guides)~ your character is a girl. No matter what.~ it's basically a visual novel. Sort of.~ Cat ears are an option. So are bat wings. They're super expensive, and give you almost no stat boost."
,Recommended,211340,20881408,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Emma Bear Gnomes,"Good game. Wished it was longer, but still fun. Better than most sims/interactive VNs I've seen.Content. 10/10Story. 10/10 (Considering length.)Length. 6/10Long enough to keep you entertained. With a lot of different outcomes. Plus it's realistic in the sense you can get screwed over by some of the characters."
,Recommended,211340,21355790,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,King Sombra,"If you want the short version of why you should play this then listen carefully.Take Harry Potter, remove the deus ex machina, make the muggle/magical barrier interesting, and finally remove J.K. from the equation.  Now you're brewing a proper potion.  Enjoy your first year at your american magic school without having to deal with a know-it-all or a whiny idiot who pulls a win out of thin air after complaining for half a book."
76561198106012178,Recommended,211340,30803096,Posted: 28 March,all,qwertystark,"I really love Magical Diary. I didn't play it for a while after my first playthrough, but decided to go back through for the achievements and realized (again) how much I love the entire plot of this game. And it is a completely different experience depending on the route you choose (in all /my/ cases, at least).It's a lot more interactive than any vns I've played before, which is a little daunting at first (and definitely required reading some guides for me) but it really enhances the gameplay. The only cons I can think of are only being able to play as female and no way other than allowance and certain character events to earn money."
76561198025196562,Recommended,211340,30779194,Posted: 27 March,all,Ace-Jade,"Have you ever wanted to attend a magic school? Did you grow up hoping you'd one day recieve a letter in the mail informing you that you are a witch? Magical Diary is the game for you.Magical Diary is a very well done school life simulator set in a magic school, and one that gives you more freedom to choose your patch without a game over screen than most visual novels. You can make friends (or enemies), engage in a wide variety of romance paths, become a star pupil or flunk out, run for student office, become embroiled in magical disasters, uncover conspiracies, etc. All the main characters are very well developed and the stories fun and well written.There are things the game could improve upon. The exam mechanic where you use your magic explore a small dungeon to practically demonstrate your powers is extremely well done, but not used much; I wish there'd been more use of this mechanic. The story also feels incomplete, like it is the first school year of a series - which it is, and so the game could really use a sequel.But overall, this game is an amazing magical school life simulator.Also an obligatory warning: This is a visual novel, with very little actual gameplay. If you do not like visual novels, this is not the game for you."
76561198166861770,Recommended,211340,23032099,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,redsnowfalls,Fantastic plot and interesting romance options. It's a shame there probably won't be a sequel.
,Recommended,211340,3733668,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,[=^.^=] StrawBerryJ1nx  / Twitch,"Must admit, workin' hard to get all those achivements. Fun game, probably just for the lady variety."
,Recommended,211340,953364,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,『Lyh Flare』 - FΛLLΞИ,"cute adorable magical semi furry game.its a dialouge game, based on your choises, and Im a sucker for these types of games so i dug my head deep into the lovely story and walked my path through the magical diary, for those who love this sort of game, its defenatly worth a go!7/10"
,Recommended,211340,8342861,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Minerva,"Past the weird plot, overly girly UI, and childish graphics lies a well thought out, emotion evoking story. While it's certainly not for everyone, those who do enjoy it will do so for hours. It is one of the few games that has real emotional depth behind it, and that alone should make it a success."
,Recommended,211340,798638,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Icy-nee-san,"A short and sweet Visual Novel. Its alittle on the cheesy side, and pretty 'westernized', but I think its a good starting point if you've never played a VN before. You play as a female who enters the world of magic, high school, and boys, boys, BOYS! And a few girls. Go vanilla, or go yuri. Go black or go furry. Its a decent ride overall.Also includes character creation!"
,Recommended,211340,4035230,"Posted: 24 July, 2012",all,FaolanHart,"On the surface Magical Diary appears to be just another text-based anime game, some kind of dungeon crawler, another paranormal school setting or a Harry Potter clone. While it does have aspects of these there is more to this game that sets it apart; In particular curtain themes that are sadly lacking in most modern games such as gender neutrality, sex-positivity without being sexualised, fear of science & ignorance of its meaning, emotionally abusive partners, homosexuality without making a big deal out of it, divorce from parents & so on. Gameplay wise it’s all about building relationships & your skill with various schools of magic for the easy but well done dungeon puzzles which can be solved or failed in various ways depending on what schools you’ve worked on. NPCs are memorable & lovable, with the exception of Damien who I got serious Edward vibes from. All in all a charming choose your own adventure kind of game that I wasn’t able to put down until I finished it."
,Recommended,211340,18858182,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,anonymousie,"You know, though part of me is ashamed to have beat a game like this, I gotta just own up to it. This is an enjoyable, though very easy and clearly casual game. I recommend it to anyone who really wishes they could have gone to Hogwarts. It's adorable, funny, and strangely immersive."
76561198027068115,Recommended,211340,18843832,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,m3brooklyn,"This is the game that made me a fan of Hanako – not as polished in some ways as their later projects (Long Live the Queen, Black Closet) but a solid example of what they do: a unique mashup of visual novel and RPG that I don't think anyone else has really pulled off.In Magical Diary the system is relatively lightweight; you can see all the attributes in the screenshots above. It is still deep and well-balanced enought to provide some challenge/interest on each playthrough.But the real star here is the writing. The story, though short, has a surprising number of branches, each well-plotted and believable in the context of the story world, with some good reveals. Yes, it's genre writing, but the characters are well-drawn and the dialogue is solid – on par with or better than many popular comic series. Without spoiling anything, it also offers a pretty realistic portrayal of some kinds of problematic relationships teens can get into, in a way that is sensitive and not preachy (pretty hard to pull off, if you ask me).The art style put me off a little, because I've come to associate it with ... well, bad writing, particularly for female characters. But once I got past that it really didn't bother me.tl;dr: it's a unique take on interactive narrative, with an unusual protagonist and a well-thought-out world. If you like story games, give it a try."
,Recommended,211340,18786985,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,diginerdster,"I bought this because it was on sale and honestly ... I'm glad I did... I'm not sure why but I found it to be quite the pleasent experience ... you know aside from the whole ""Twilight-esqe"" ""main route"" romance, but I ignore that bit, simply because there are many different paths to chose (My personal fav being Ellen). Also the ""RPG"" dungeon element was a nice touch as well as the fact you create the protagonist, though I personally found the ""creator"" a bit limited. Overall 8/10"
76561198197276367,Recommended,211340,18939032,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,flaxblossom,"Okay, so seriously. I bought this game because it was on sale and the reviews are good and I've always enjoyed a fun little dating sim for those days when you want something fun but non-commital.I did not realize exactly how much fun this game was ACTUALLY going to be though! I can honestly say it's probably the best dating simulator I've ever played, and that's because the 'dating' is not the focus of the game. It's a story (actually, multiple stories depending on your arc) and the romance is only a small part of it. The characters are interesting, the art is pleasant, and the music is quaint. Also, a massive plus is:THE MAIN CHARACTER IS NOT A COMPLETE AND UTTER ANNOYING TWITThat is my main complaint with most games like this, and this one manages to dodge the bullet. She's young, she's inexperienced, but she's not a numbskull. I've played through this game three times now and am hoping that they are planning on making sequels for the rest of the school years.That is my one complaint: it seems like there should be more. That's it? More magical adventures await? What about the sophmore year? Junior? Senior? It just doesn't seem like the game should be over.Overall, I hope they make more in this series. Really fun game to have in the library for when you need a relaxing evening  and an interactive story :)"
,Recommended,211340,973934,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Minstrel,It's like Harry Potter plus dating sim.
,Recommended,211340,4224983,"Posted: 17 November, 2012",all,FluffySama,I FREAKING LOVE this interactive novel! <3
,Recommended,211340,16898929,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,under stars,"Short and fun. Could use some more longevity, maybe a bit of DLC or added bonus content, but fun overall. Would love to see more from the developer."
,Recommended,211340,10059466,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Korppi the Moth Messiah,"Harry Potter, but with animu girls. I like animu. Surprisingly deep, considering the how it seems on the surface. Interesting story, and all around well written characters. If you don't like this genre, this probably won't change your mind. Also, I should point out that it isn't really a ""dating sim"" since you can have a completed and interesting story without pursuing a love interest."
,Recommended,211340,2469545,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Mnemophage,"S-sempai, I... uwaaaa! I cast the penisu-spellu on you! I'm sorry! Let me bake you a cake! Let me bake you cakes forever!"
76561198026706613,Recommended,211340,9071399,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,brainlessgal,It's simple but fun. Each character had something I like about them. Some cons are after you get some key spells magic seems useless and there are nuggets of potential that just get dropped. But in the end I am happy with my purchase and enjoyed it.
,Recommended,211340,10164553,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Algus,"How appropriate that the main character's name is Mary Sue as the game is essentially Harry Potter fanservice where you play as a young witch starting her first year at magic school.   There are actually a lot of story permutations so there is a lot to see if you chase the different endings.  The most interesting part of the game might be the dungeon-crawler style magical tests that drop you off in a dungeon and call on you to use the spells you've learned in class to get out of the dungeon.  This is mostly puzzle-solving versus combat and it's a welcome change from the typical RPG.  I was happy with the way my first game turned out but a playthrough is only a couple of hours long so at $15, the price might be a bit steep unless you're the type that can replay visual novels multiple times.   Wait for a sale on this one."
76561198009611899,Recommended,211340,2584956,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Mademoiselle Karma,"For somebody who likes :P anime style Visual Novels or whatever you call these kind of games, there is not a big choice of games to get in english or german. Of course there is True Love or Princess Maker 2. But Magical Diary is one of the few that is easily available to everyone, and I only can suggest you get it if you don't mind that your character can't be male... and if you like romance :)"
76561198130843099,Recommended,211340,16270889,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,morikohikari,"I very much enjoyed this experiance, and hope there will me a 'next year!'"
,Recommended,211340,16158767,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,cranblueberry,"In Magical Diary, you attend a school that teaches you the magical arts. You learn spells that can help you during exams and even give you extra options throughout the story. This is a fun feature, but after playing the game for a while it left me wishing I could do more with the spells.The characters have well thought out personalities, which makes each romantic path enjoyable to play through. Donald's and Big Steve's paths were my favorites and I ended up playing through them a couple times.The only thing I have against this game is that the exams you are given get old quickly. There are only a few different ways to complete them, so if you don't know the right spells, you're out of luck. A bit more variety would have gone a long way.I love otome games, and Magical Diary is easily one of my favorites."
76561198058616006,Recommended,211340,16145906,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,pennywhistle,"If you're at all a fan of visual novels then Magical Diary is one well worth picking up. If you're not a fan of the genre but feel like giving one a try it also is, if you're not the type of person who'd be put off by it being a romantic comedy. It can be cliched at times, but it's one of those things that prove cliches aren't necessarily bad, here they make a fun sweet game full of likable characters. And sometimes those cliches get turned on their ears when you aren't expecting them.So far as dating games go, Magical Diary is head and shoulders above many of them. All of the love interests you can choose from have a wide variety of scenes to see with them, many long before you're ever locked into their path, so you don't get get that ""We've met each other twice for two seconds, now let us date!"" feeling that lesser games can leave you with; by the time the main character's thoughts seriously turn to romance you've seen enough of the person she's chosen to understand why she wants to be with them. I also really appreciate that in almost all the routes you can aim for a friendship ending instead of a romantic one, so if you decide none of the characters appeal romantically you can still aim for an ending besides being all alone.More importantly, you can get a good variety of scenes with characters you AREN'T chasing too. This isn't one of those games where you must constantly stay focused on the love interest you choose from the moment you start to get a good ending. And there are characters you can't date with plotlines spread through the game too, giving the world of the school a more fleshed-out feeling.The dungeon sections are also great little puzzles. Periodically in the game you're tested on how you're doing in your studies by being stuck in a small dungeon and having to find your way out. The thing that makes these sections great is that there are many many ways to beat the puzzles each time, depending on what types of magic you've focused on. There's no set path of classes which you MUST take to make it, so long as you don't spend almost every day resting or hanging out in the gym you're almost certain (I won't say guaranteed, but you should have options) to have something in your spellbook that will see you through even if it isn't immediately obvious."
,Recommended,211340,13819883,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DillyDallyDallas,Decent definantly fun
,Recommended,211340,13691848,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Halzatron,"I'll admit I didn't know what to expect from this game. The art leaves a little to be desired (though I don't mind it too terribly much) but the game itself is wonderful. The dungeon mini games are fun, especially if you try to find different ways out each time, and you also get to run around dating cute people.10/10 would date again."
,Recommended,211340,13768323,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sedonna,"I really liked this game for the fact that you, as the player, are an active entity and not have to be forced to play as a flat piece of eye bread with no personality whatsoever and have no option to make your own choices in the game. In this game, you make your own choices and the game tailors itself around your past decisions as you play. While the romance choice characters are not all that special, I do think they could have integrated more boys your character's age into the game. But that's just because I wanted more variety that suits my needs. Anyways, it's a pretty cool visual novel that sorta plays like Harry Potter, so if you're into huting for love and studying magic, then this game is for you."
76561197960563026,Recommended,211340,13176305,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Incompetent 80s Antagonist,"The game is addictive and fun, and while it is far from perfect, it is well worth 8 bucks if you catch it on sale. Just be sure to disable the Steam Overlay before trying to start the game; it has a tendency to make it freeze on the title screen!"
76561198208196460,Recommended,211340,15267070,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sang,"I would rather  say "" life-sim game with VN element""good little game .good gameplayraise your charater while overwheling event happen and choose your path.charater design and art is not much.but recommends for some group of player. this is specific genere .very very specific ,sometime"
76561198164972135,Recommended,211340,15421327,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,mariakouloglou,"Pros :Replay valueHarry Potter referencesYou can have a lesbian affair (if you're into that sort of thing)You can customize your character's appearance, which is pretty cool.Cute and interesting story.Cons:The art is pretty ""meh""I wish we could explore the magical world more, but the game is pretty short (even though it does have replay value)I recommend this game if you like Dating Sims and Harry Potter."
76561198162132714,Recommended,211340,14862560,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Muffin Princess Derpy,"I liked the concept of a sim where you actually do things that effect the storyline. This happens to be one of them. From learning spells to relationship choices this game definitely delivers. I also liked the various instances that only occur if you've either talked to someone before or chose a certain class for the day. If you are looking for a game where there is character development, consequences for your choices, options, and a good storyline, then I would highly reccomend purchasing this game."
76561198042997868,Recommended,211340,14161166,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dentolux,"Magical Diary is a video game created by indie developer Hanako Games who specialise in RPGs and visual novels staring female leading characters. Set in a school where magic users learn the art of spell casting, it is pretty clear to see that the title gets its inspiration from the popular Harry Potter books. Players simulate the life of a freshman going through their first year at the prestigious Iris Academy where you’ll have to contend with strict teachers, managing your studies and attracting a date for the end of year prom. As a macho man, I’m clearly not the target audience for this game, but I decided to give it a go after enjoying Hanako Games’ 2012 offering Long Live the Queen. If you are interested in trying out either title they can be purchased from Valve’s Steam service or directly from Hanako’s website.Gameplay wise Magical Diary feels like the adventure books some of you may have played during your youth. You’ll read some story until something noteworthy occurs. When a key event happens you’ll be asked to choose what to do from a list of multiple-choice answers. What response you select has an impact on the plot making it branch off in a different narrative path, which certainly adds replay value for anyone curious enough to explore all of the game’s content. Will you be a model student and ace your exams or will you skive classes and potentially risk expulsion? When it comes to dating will you try to court one of the school’s bachelors or do as I did and break the heart of a blue skinned senior by pursuing a lesbian relationship with my bookish roommate instead?As a student of Iris Academy you’ll be expected to complete various exams, but these are nothing like the coursework or written tests you would find in a regular school. Examinations in Magical Diary consist of being teleported into a dungeon and using your spell-casting prowess to find a way out. In order to succeed you’ll be expected to solve brainteasers using the enchantments you learn in class. In one dungeon for example you can escape by destroying a wall that is obstructing the exit with a well-placed fireball. Whether you know how to cast a fireball or not however depends on if you have completed enough lessons in red magic (I wonder if Ryu from Street Fighter attended those classes.)This all means that planning out your curriculum plays a big part in Magical Diary. At the start of each week you have to decide what types of magic you wish to learn. Blue magic focuses on transformations, green magic allows users to manipulate nature, white magic is used for communicating with spirits whilst pink magic makes you appreciate musicals and say the word fabulous in a camp voice (okay I made that last one up.) Don’t go overboard with the cramming though as stress can have a detrimental effect on your character. Thankfully it is possible to combat the effects of mental fatigue by unwinding at the mall on weekends.Much like an examiner grading a student’s homework, the time has come for me to rate this game. My final score is four stars out of five as I enjoyed Magical Diary a little more than Long Live the Queen (which I awarded a three.) Visually speaking Long Live the Queen is the more polished of the two, but I enjoyed replaying Magical Diary more as it has a more fleshed out cast of characters. I also liked how your decisions have a greater impact on the plot as opposed to Long Live the Queen’s more linear storytelling. As far as visual novels go Magical Diary isn’t top of the class, but it’s a solid B student all the same. Strong writing, light romance elements and a story told through a girl’s perspective make this an ideal purchase for female players who may be frustrated that there aren’t enough games on the market catering to their tastes.Originally published athttp://theotakujudge.com/"
76561198142750246,Recommended,211340,13301519,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Lysmerry,"This game was great fun, and totally worth the money, though it could have been much better. In general I don't like the anime look or wacky sense of humor but the progressiveness and impossible strangeness made this a very interesting experience.The world is clearly based off of Harry Potter, with a sham Severus Snape and students group into houses (On a side note, I named my character Serpentina Hissmark and I laughed when she was glad not to be in the Snake house. But on one playthrough she was transferred- yay!). However, it's not a rip-off and has it's own unique feel.I would say the strict gameplay element is limited- there aren't enough chances to use magic, especially outside of exams. The exams, composed of using spells learned in class to escape dungeons, are great fun. There are five fields of magic based on colors, and the game would have been far more interesting if the outcomes were more based on which fields the player specialized in.Instead, the real interest in the came comes from the visual novel element, a feature that I usually enjoy less. It seems that this game focused less on the fantasy fulfilment of the perfect lover, or one of a 'type' of perfect lover, and actually made realistic characters with interesting storylines.  However while a few of the paths were fairly standard (oddly enough, these included the lesbian paths! I think a few of the non-human ladies would have made better romantic interests) two of the male characters offered very unique and at times surprisingly touching romance options. I was genuinely rooting for one of my couples during a play-through, though the relationship was far from traditional. All I need to say is that a possible sham marriage with your Severus Snape stand-in professor is NOT the most WTF relationship option. I appreciated the fluid sexualities of the characters, the character of Professor Potsdam and her very enlightened views on teen sexuality and transgenderism, and the presentation of a friend's realistic abusive relationship. The game allows you to enter an worse-than-Edward-Cullen manner abusive relationship yourself, but it's up to you to interpret whether it's a good or bad thing.I do find it slighty annoying how you were pushed so quickly into a relationship with the demon, and the others were more difficult. I had to look online to find most of the paths, and I think there should be more hints and opportunities to pursue characters. In some cases, you need to be taking a certain class on a certain day, which I find too random."
76561198163080091,Recommended,211340,13732679,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SeismicSynopsis,I really enjoyed this game! I think it has some pretty good re-play value though I do hope some DLC add ons will be released in the future. It is a pretty lengthy story and the changes based on your decisions are pretty neat. I wish there was more!
76561198006890388,Recommended,211340,2406419,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,donastree,"Okay, this is a visual novel type game, with a few rpg elements. With this sort of thing, story is key, and this one does a pretty good job with it. You play a young wizard (you have to play a lady, sorry), and work through your first semester, taking classes in the arcane, studying, and hanging out with your friends. And love interests. Nothing particularly raunchy gets to occur (you get to kiss your primary love interest), but you can freely chose to court men and women. After several weeks, you get chucked into an exam, where you use what ever spells you learned to try and pass. Failing enough will get you kicked out, but that's pretty hard, and the requirements for success are pretty free form. My biggest gripe is probably that you can't seek people out a lot of the time, or act on knowledge that the game doesn't remember that you know. Similiarly, the world is very engaging, but exploring it isn't always an option. For example, magic isn't allowed to mix with science. Why? We aren't allowed to find out."
,Recommended,211340,1761920,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Jack Forsythe,"Well, bought on a whim, and had fun! Money well spent with a splendidly well written game."
76561197976721810,Recommended,211340,727934,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Fred Lobster,"On the surface, Magical Diary appears to be a Harry Potter knock-off with a girl set as the protagonist. Fortunately, it's also an oddity you don't get to see every day: a well-written dating sim with a serious focus on liberal social reform, alternative life styles, MAGIC!!!, and (strangely enough) American pride, topped off with a dash of bizarre dungeon crawl exploration and problem solving. While its originality, charming writing style, and replay value to get all the endings make it a distinct success, the dungeon exploration sections seem half-hearted and the game occasionally ends with a thud that makes you wonder where the next 3 years of high school are hiding. All the same, it's a unique experience well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,211340,500413,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Felipepepe,"A extremely interesting game, behind all the cliche VIsual Novel stuff lies a very solid magic system that offers a impressive freedom when solving dungeons and some other challenges. However, while those situations are easily the high point of the game, they are very few and far between, and in the end you'll have many spells that you never had the chance to use..."
,Recommended,211340,13130136,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rakljori,Cheeky & Cute!Learn magic. Make friends. Date demons. Marry into nobility.I love this game.I may have developed an addiction.
76561198050542545,Recommended,211340,13116481,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,_____,"Cute and simple (perhaps a little crude on the artwork) but an interesting story. I enjoyed it.Overall its worth playing but the ending really leaves more to be desired, adding every year until graduation would be nice and perhaps more importance on different stats. i.e Cute/Smart/Weird.  it didn't feel like those stats actually did anything."
76561198079592078,Recommended,211340,13064297,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Darkshield,"Overall I liked this game.  Good story. The mini-game/tests were also interesting.  I played thru it a number of times to get thru all the different romatic partners available in the game and to get most of the more interesting achievements in the game.  I did find that it felt like there was a lot more effort on the damien route in comparision to the other romantic routes, which of course made it the most interesting route to take.   I wish William was a romantic option but he sadly wasn't.There wasn't a pure prince charming type romantic option. For male romantic partners, your choices range from the school joker or a socially awkward dude with bunny issues or grouchy teacher or the sweet tonged devil.From the female romantic partners, your choices range from female nerd or female jock.Overall there was enough variety in the romantic options to keep it interesting, story was not bad either, and you get to do magic  (though mostly just on the tests). So this equates to a fairly interesting game.8/10"
,Recommended,211340,13102627,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ashley,I love it. It's simple and it reminds me of Harry Potter. I love playing it multiple times to get different endings.
76561198042771716,Recommended,211340,4877337,"Posted: 10 June, 2012",all,SwimmingRock,"Why do I like this game? I'm not sure. Why am I recommending it? For the same reasons I like it.I guess the simplest answer is that it made me laugh. I got to do silly things and have funny conversations. Best of all, there's a ""Weird"" stat, which more stat-building/RPGs need to have. Mainly because it necessitates 'weird' dialogue options.Look, it's an odd game that won't be to most peoples liking, but it's a good bit of entertainment, if you go with it. I guess the easiest comparison I could draw would be Jem and the Holograms. If you like watching that show for its silliness, you might like Magical Diary."
,Recommended,211340,6418742,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,MykaGhostt,"This is more of a game that is targeted towards females like myself who love the types of games where the only control you have to use to play is the mouse, and where you can decide if you want to date someone. It is also a type of game where girls who like the idea of a well thought out plot and characters (despite how mary-sue and stereotypical they can be) is still fun to play.The game gives you the impression that you get to play through all 3 years that the Academy offers to the students when really you only play the Freshman year. Also, you only have 3 possible people you can end up with dating wise in the storyline. As this can be a downside to the game, it is still fun to enjoy regardless. Also, you can only be a female in this game. You do not have the option to be a male.I personally like how depending how you play the game depends on what happens in the story as well as the exams that you do in the school's dungeons. The type of game where your decision affects what happens has always been a favourite of mine. When it comes to the dungeons, I like how I actually had to think about what I was doing and try and figure out what was the best option to pass the exam. Especially when it came to the exam where you had to go neck and neck with a fellow student to pass the exam. With that exam in particular, I would save the game before hand, and keep playing it until I won because it proved to be so challenging.All in all, I really love the game and would love it if others gave it a try too."
76561198038779629,Recommended,211340,10547557,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cpt Apathy,just finished it and saw it's made by hanako games instantly makes it awesome on that note it's no katawa shoujo but decent non the lessbeen playing it a bit more and the number of possible routes are great the writing/narritive is pretty decent and the game generally is sweet.
,Recommended,211340,12274968,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Lugoffo,"Getting through school isn't always easy. The puzzles (exams) aren't always easy but they have several ways to complete. In the end, your choices in dialogue matter more than your time spent in class. Depending on how fast you read and how long you ponder your choices, the game length varies greatly.You always play as a young woman with customizeable name and looks. The game has multiple romance choices, both male, female, teacher/student and otherworldly. All of them offerinterestingpaths. There's no sexual content.It's also worth a second playthrough (if you enjoy these kind of games) as it has lots of hidden paths (mostly based on romance options). You can fast-forward the scenes you've already read during your second playthrough.Earns bonus points for totally random events, like getting spanked or offer your soul to a demon..."
,Recommended,211340,525629,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Wendigo Runner,Casual but fun with multiple story paths & some Steam achievements. I'd recommend picking this up during sales if you like visual novels and enjoyed the demo.
,Recommended,211340,13960093,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Neferentium,"Wow, I was surprised by how much I liked this game. I think I just spent the past 7 hours straight just playing it, trying to see the different story lines and I've only completed 3 different ones so far!I think the only thing that was disappointing was that it only goes through one year of school. I'd love to get patches/updates that include later years so I can see where the story lines go!"
76561198061191592,Recommended,211340,13576451,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,alekzanderlr,Outstanding story and characters!
,Recommended,211340,13576865,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,merrua,I found this a fun little game. Nice puzzles in the dungeons. Good writing. There are a lot of different endings. There is also a well written wiki if you want to try for different endings after finishing it once. I would have liked a follow up game being also for sale on steam.
,Recommended,211340,14995782,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,gecko))),"Played the demo, bought the game to see if it opened up more. It stopped kinda short in my opinion. The dungeons repeat on each playthrough, the game has a couple of interesting twists, not bad for an on sale game that came out before the flood of games like this.6/10 it was like buying a 7"" record when expecting a 12"", your discovery que will be flooded by games like this after purchasing."
,Recommended,211340,13997410,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,F A B E Z,"If you like dating sims/otome/professor Snape, get this. If you're a straight guy... skip."
,Recommended,211340,15000540,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,amberinoface,I'm hoping that there will be more Magical Diary games in the future. This dating sim gave many options and was well written. I found something new on every playthrough.
76561198035965152,Recommended,211340,14983222,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Jalakins,"This was a very fun visual novel/RPG type game. I actually had to restart because the first time through I didn't realize the significance of learning certain types of magic! But that actually helped me find the replay value in it. I had a lot of fun playing through several times, and getting various endings. The storyline with the teacher nearly had me in tears it was so funny. xD Anyway definately reccomended if you like VN games, RPG type games, or just want to enjoy a fun story and learn magic while doing so!"
76561198025601912,Recommended,211340,19490287,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,maryangela.rowe,"It's basically Hogwarts with tests and fun romance options. It's awesome. Have played it multiple times, where did those hours of my life go, I regret nothing.Stories are interesting, multiple paths to explore which will tell you different things about the world, and two lady romance options as well as 3 fellows. One of whom is def Professor Snape. Each path is interesting and even the side characters have their own stories -- some of which you'll see, depending on which path you take.I was initially put off by the art, but this was silly. You get used to the art pretty quickly and I now regard it with some affection. Will probably play it again."
76561198152727086,Recommended,211340,14572881,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,moonstne,"Quite well done, while the setting is a clear rip off of harry potter, the characters are quite good as well as some really fun exams."
,Recommended,211340,19703427,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,MrJockinla,is guude
76561198068554305,Recommended,211340,19389675,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ezelion the Ironclad,A fun little VN Dating Sim with well-added RPG elements. A decent number of paths and entirely missable encounters depending entirly on your actions and stats. Highly reccomended. There's even a sequel coming out!!!
76561198043343188,Recommended,211340,19407189,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MinotaurBlood,I regret nothing
76561198045432867,Recommended,211340,19130842,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,VoT - Code of the N.H.K.,"Good visual novel game, played through it twice. It was a lot of fun."
76561198142610133,Recommended,211340,21503526,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,thranastasia,"Seems shallow at first, but each route has something genuinely interesting about it. Definitely worth playing through all the characters' arcs. Some are... weirder than others (*coughGrabbycough*) but all are entertaining.Only complaint: we should be able to use more magic on other people. Have more magic-based puzzles like the exams."
,Recommended,211340,21586925,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,StillNotBuns,Such a good game with loads of replayability.10/10 would get trapped into marrying my teacher again.
,Recommended,211340,21956239,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SecretSarah,"I was a little torn on buying this game because it looked a little dopy. I ended up getting it anyway and was glad I did. I found the art a little off-putting at first but, once I got used to it, I was hooked. I enjoyed the characters and the story lines. There was plenty of content for multiple play-throughs to get all of the endings. I very much enjoyed all of the exams/stat puzzles of the first few play-throughs. There's only a certain number of times one can solve the same puzzle and still enjoy it, even if there are multiple solutions.Bonus! The game allows you to use the scroll wheel to quickly rewind dialog a very long way, even allowing you to change your choices without loading. I wish that every VN had this. It was great."
76561198067403734,Recommended,211340,21065635,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JessiKat,"This game is a mix of Harry Potter and Anime and I love it! I love how the choices you make play along with how the story will go. Now, this game isn't flawless, but the pros outweigh the cons. This is definitely a game that I would recommend to anyone who likes visual novel games."
,Recommended,211340,22117971,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,wastelanderone,"Fun Harry Potter-em-up, except you can rag on all the hot dudes"
,Recommended,211340,22155152,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,nupinoop296,"Great game, wish it was longer!Also spoilers below:.....I'm SO MAD AT DAMIEN! The ONE time I go for the ""bad boy"" character in my entire life and he tries to take my soul and then sell me in some other dimension. THE ONE TIME. The LAST time."
,Recommended,211340,22144458,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DickusButtus,"Alright,So I honestly hate Harry Potter.  No no, not the series (though a lot of it annoys me) but the character.  He's just given all the things he needs to succeed and doesn't make an hard decisions or sacrifices that make him more than just...a kid who happened to be around. He's milktoast.This is like, changing that. Also take it from someone who appreciates the world of HP but not the direction it went in, this is not a HP ripoff. Art aside, it's a well designed game that allows you to choose how your skillset evolves and how you solve puzzles.  There are multiple solutions to every problem, and learning different spells helps with creating your very own path through  school.I can't wait to replay this game where I just sleep the whole time or go to the gym, or play video games.You can ruin your life, just like real life, but faster because you can skip through dialogue.Bottom line is, I jokingly bought this for $5 then I could hardly stop playing it till 2 AM. Great game. Really worth the money I spent."
76561198173433482,Recommended,211340,22186078,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jordycat0915,Great game!At first glance I wasn`t so sure about it but when I did I really liked it. The characters are good and get different reactions out of different people (while I loved a character my sister hated em). the plot is good and intresting with answers to questions in different routes while still making people hope for a anouther game in the series ( I dunno maybe Magic diary: Snake hall or something) really good set up.
,Recommended,211340,3352457,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,rwelean,"I love this dating sim scheduling-type game. There's some other puzzle elements in the dungeon tests. Sometimes I wished the art were a little less anime-y, but I don't have many complaints otherwise (the good: multiple save slots, text-skipping, and ridiculous pairings)."
76561198058699167,Recommended,211340,22187725,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Adoring Fan,Oh Damian... If only you hadn't tried and killed me... We could've touched butts!
,Recommended,211340,22198335,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Aliceluva,"a very good short game,that is tecnically very good but simply short and the story only slowly starts but later in the game the story is good but it really needs a sequel with more years because its simply lacks the deepth its more of a short 1 time game."
76561198079624032,Recommended,211340,20188140,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Альф,"Note:  This is my first dating sim.  That said, I loved it!  At first glance I was a little put off by the art style (bulgier eyes than I'm used to) but quickly warmed to it.  The story is wonderful and has many branches to explore, and even what I considered ""little"" choices made a significant difference later on.  The characters are likeable and intriguing.  I also enjoyed reading the descriptions of the spells I was learning.  I did find myself a little overwhelmed when it came time to cast them because by the time I figured out which one was best for the situation, I ran out of mana!  That was frustrating, but since you can save-and-load anytime, it's not that big of a deal.  Options for character customization were satisfying."
,Recommended,211340,20225812,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,9thUniverse,"A VERY enjoyable game! The characters are lovely, and the plot is unique to other games I've played. WHile the art style isn't the prettiest, it's easy to ignore. As for the characters.....they are probably the best part of the game. Let me elaborate....(CONTAINS SPOILERS!)Damien gives us an example of an abusive relationship, and trying to deal with manipulatives people. Ellan is probably the most relatable character, and (despite being a major plot point in her route, it doesn't touch the subject very well) it's easy to see yourself in her position.This is only a few examples of the amazing characters in the game. I highly suggest playing."
76561198070765632,Recommended,211340,6623841,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,ktbear23,"Its pretty damn good. Definitely has replay value, and for visual novel/dating sim, thats definitely sying something."
76561198055551048,Recommended,211340,20378074,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,lenorelovett,"I definitely recommend this one, especially for people who already like dating sims and visual novels. It's rare for a game like this to capture my attention for as long as this one did. Never before in a dating sim have I felt so compelled to go back and play back through for all the different romances. The writing is brilliantly done - each romance option feels like a real, unique person who you're slowly growing to love, and the magical school itself had me playing through to master each of the colors of magic, just to see what the spells were."
76561198143693932,Recommended,211340,20389673,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,illegalknight,"Out of all the dating sims I've played, this has to be my favorite. No two love interests are alike, and the plots are extremely thorough. I was shocked by certain events in this game, and it made the characters feel very real. I totally reccomend it!"
,Recommended,211340,20399359,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bad Sector,"If you finish the game once you haven't really finished the game. This is a game where you construct a character based on choices and consequences which are often very unexpected - a minor thing, like lazying out one day or visiting the gym instead of a magic class can open a whole different ""path"". There is a story going on and every character you create will only see (and often be part of) different aspects of that story based on her actions.The game's writing has both funny and serious moments and every major (and most minor... although to be honest, they might end up being major in some path i haven't yet discovered) character is fleshed out and interesting (even if a bit cliche in a few cases), which is a big part that drives the game (the other is seeing stats go up and get achievements :-P which by the way are a good indication on what you may need to focus next in order to discover a new path)."
,Recommended,211340,20295574,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,roseofbattle,This is essentially the Harry Potter game I always wanted ... but with romance. Definitely a great game.
76561198095136228,Recommended,211340,20472043,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,amber.biliouris,This is not a deep game but I found it fun.  It does remind me of hogwarts to a degree.I do wish they had some dating options for some of the other characters.  Not much to say aside its a very relaxing dating sim.
,Recommended,211340,19985136,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MissYennon,"This game was a lot more fun than I expected it to be, and very replayable. It's a visual novel, with a very interesting storyline and interesting characters. I reccomend it for anyone who enjoys visual novels."
,Recommended,211340,20063697,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,unloz,I got this game on a whim and I was not disappointed. I found the art to be cute and the game itself is quite fun! I really love the mechanics of it and all the different paths that are available to you. I only completed two character routes but I eagerly await getting around to the others.
76561198262563781,Recommended,211340,19668193,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,IllyaGames,"Ah, Hey i have one problem with this game. My problem is that how or why is my game going black srceen? and my other games are working really good? can u help me plz?"
76561198058848210,Recommended,211340,20652935,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Benevolent pineapple,"A good game, kinda left me with the impresion that it was developed by actual witchs, Judging by half the holidays and assembelies resembeling pagan rituals.My only complaint is that it felt kinda short for the asking price, Sophmore through senior years would make good DLC.7/10A good buy if it's on sale and you're a Harry Potter fan, has a similar air of wide eyed wounder that the first two movies had."
,Recommended,211340,26584007,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Iekie-Chan :3,"I really enjoyed this game!There are many choices to be made, which can lead to casual things like a demon consuming your soul or marrying a grumpy teacher.7.5/10"
,Recommended,211340,4307134,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Azalea,"It's fun, cute, and hilarious. Yeah, it's an American anime-style dating sim and it's not the prettiest, but it's probably the most fun I've ever had out of a dating sim."
76561197995702100,Recommended,211340,28019257,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sesgel,i dont often write a review but this game made me want to i wont get into to many details but i loved it the characters the style of combat the endings the character creation. i played long live the queen before from this developer and loved that as well but after playing this im going to buy all of there games that are out and probably all of them that will be coming out.
76561198071097009,Recommended,211340,28194044,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Neko Silviu,It's actually really fun to play.
,Recommended,211340,28294404,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ablobofjordan,Sweet game
76561198070449751,Recommended,211340,28858957,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Raileks,I'd buy this for my friends if i thought they'd actually give it a chance and play it.
76561198174053214,Recommended,211340,30289260,Posted: 2 March,all,vicdinnen,"This really had much more to it than I initially thought!So, you play the part of a girl who discovers she can be a wizard, and goes to Hogwarts... (well not Hogwarts, but I don't remember the actual name).  You choose what classes you want to take, go through the events, and get to the end of the year (or get kicked out).  The story is usually goofy and lighthearted, if a bit simplistic.  The music is pretty standard, not too memorable.What makes this more than one would think?  Each playthrough really seems to have the potential to be totally different.  I've tried three different runs now, and although each run is fairly quick, each run was also quite different.  There are a LOT of different events that pop up depending on your choices, be it deciding which magic you want to train, or which people you are friendly with, or how you deal with that persistent demon... Also, the dungeons seem quite carefully planned out so there are many different ways you can come up with for escaping (though I did get stuck a few times).  The characters have more depth than I gave them credit for at first also (oh, so they AREN'T just a troubled child...)I had (and am still having) quite a bit of fun with this... $15 may be a bit expensive to suggest as a price, perhaps wait for a sale."
76561198337134290,Not Recommended,211340,26368075,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,NewMoonValkyrie,"I originally recommended this game, but every opinion of that is now gone. After owning it for a little lless than a year (I can't recall when I bought it but it was in 2016), this game gave my computer a f****ing VIRUS. Fortunately I have Webroot, which removed the virus. HOWEVER, do not buy this game. The only thing I saw before telling Webroot to get rid of it was ""Trojan"" and the name of this game. After that, I got rid of it and uninstalled the game.Even worse, however, I couldn't get rid of the files associated with the game in my computer. I tried to delete it, but something wouldn't let me. So I had to take my computer out to Geek Squad and it took them half an hour to get rid of it. They had to connect it to another computer to get rid of the files.I do not recommed this game. I hate this piece of steaming pile of s***! I don't know how this happened, but I still say DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Not unless you want a virus on your computer and want to put everything at risk."
76561198150742649,Recommended,211340,31552111,Posted: 4 May,all,kimber890,"This game is a wildly entertaining, addicting, guilty pleasure.  Definitely recommend!  I played for 5 hours straight and then immediately finished it up the next day.The star of this game is the wonderful, witty writing, which I thought was very true to being inside a girl's head.  It made even the most meaningless of details somehow feel meaningful.  Many times throughout the game I marveled at how involved I felt.  The music, effects, transitions, and backgrounds-- while not the greatest quality-- somehow worked together so well and hit all the right notes for me.  I laughed to myself so many times due to the crazy and unexpected events that happen throughout the story.  And the DRAMA!  It was like living inside a CW show, in a good way.Loved the gameplay mechanics-- so refreshing to find a quality story-based game that actually makes you use your brain and doesn't hinge on combat.  I wish I could find more games like this!  The system of learning spells and getting to use them in the exam dungeons to solve puzzles was amazing.  Wish there had been way more of these exam/puzzles though-- it felt like there weren't nearly enough of them!The choices throughout the game felt very meaningful, and you can tell it really changes the story depending on what you say/do, how well you fare in the dungeons, and which stats you focus on.  I'm very tempted to do a second play through to see what new paths I can find!In summation, this game is amazing.  Please make sequels.  I wish this game had been double or triple the length-- it felt like just the first big chapter in something huge that you really want to continue to be a part of!"
,Recommended,211340,8927397,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Punished Bump,Interesting and branching story with neat characters. It's basically a visual novel with some puzzles.8.3/10
76561198051001713,Recommended,211340,31688189,Posted: 11 May,all,LocalCaitortot,"I bought this game because I couldn't find anything else similar, fully expecting to hate it. So far, it has completely exceeded my expectations.Admittedly, my dislike for the art style is a little distracting. However, this cute self-insert wizarding school really sucks players in. Not all of the characters are likeable, which prevents the game from feeling too much like fluff. It also makes the dialogue feel a little like a puzzle to be solved; although it is definitely best to save before every dialogue choice, it feels great to pick the best dialogue choice the first time. Speaking of puzzles, the magical exams are actually really fun and satisfying to solve. Save first, you will probably not solve all of the problems correctly the first time.Recommendations for players:- Save scum; this game is harder than it looks and the characters are all teenagers (and therefore unpredictable in dialogue situations)- Pay attention to character names; sometimes minor characters come up more than you'll thinkI hope there's a sequel with more content, better art, and more use of the spellbook to solve problems outside of exams."
,Recommended,211340,31831978,Posted: 18 May,all,Lorinefairy,Highly recommend! Very replayable. I have a soft spot for games that follow the same timeline but taking a different route lets you see a different side of things. It makes it feel more like an actual world that you're stepping into. I also especially like that the routes have friendship options in addition to romance options. Great game!
,Recommended,211340,13817399,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Galaxy Eyes,"THIS GAME IS TOO FUN FOR ITS OWN GOODIt looks like a troll game, and in some ways it kind of is (you get to marry a teacher, kiss a bunny doll, call yourself Mary Sue, give your soul to a demon and whatnot), but its charming characters, good humor, and well-written plots made me genuinely like this game. I love playing this game. The biggest downside is its somewhat mediocre art style/character design, but I managed to get used to that, and even the art has its own weird sense of charm as well. I'd recommend Magical Diary to anyone who likes visual novels and interactive stories -- the dating aspect isn't even a requirement in this game, you can just have a really kick♥♥♥♥♥school year if you wanted to! The amount of options in this game is really quite impressive and refreshing.(On a final note, in my opinion, Grabiner is totally the best path)"
,Recommended,211340,32099748,Posted: 31 May,all,BikiniViking,"This kind of game is not my style. At all. That being said, I truly enjoyed it. I like that you have enough choice to replay it over and over and have the game still be entertaining. The dialogue options are great and the characters actually have some depth. Not really what I would have expected from a visual novel/dating sim type game. Each play through was highly amusing. I only wish there was more than year one. Would absolutely play through a 4-year school thing if it existed."
,Recommended,211340,29309790,Posted: 16 January,all,jenni3xx,A very captivating game that I highly recommend. I've played through multiple times. I wish it never ended and I could keep playing the rest of the high school years!
,Recommended,211340,29157697,Posted: 10 January,all,Jet Wong,This is the best Harry Potter game ever made.
,Recommended,211340,29165578,Posted: 10 January,all,Quinlan,"I liked it quite a bit, for a game this size it has a lot of story packed into it."
76561198124709345,Recommended,211340,28784372,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,porkolasusan,OOOOMG..... its very addictive.... i fell in love with the characters fast. such good writing and art. ToT
,Recommended,211340,29886520,Posted: 12 February,all,Nat,"Love this game. For someone who loves the micromanaging VNs like this and Backstage Pass, this is a treat. What I really love about the game is how personalized each play through is. There are so many events that can happen or trigger at such different times, and so much can change that each playthrough I have had so far has been something new. Highly reccomend."
,Recommended,211340,2767970,"Posted: 26 July, 2012",all,Naylor,"Finally, you can be the magical little girl you always wanted to be."
,Recommended,211340,28968558,Posted: 2 January,all,ademus05,"Verdict: Interactive HP fanfictionI don't remember why I bought this game. I remember it being only a buck or so. I was new to Steam, so I thought ""why not?""Why not indeed.This is a visual novel/simulation game. You read a bunch of text over simple unmoving graphics, you make conversation choices, and you decide how you're going to spend your week. In my 15 minutes I discovered 5 schools of magic, 5 protagonist friends, and 5 potential love interests.I did appreciate that the name they suggested for your character was Mary Sue. I made sure I had purple hair and gold eyes, as they obviously had to match the name.The story is a rip of of Harry Potter, in the beginning. You've just discovered you have magic, and you're attending magic school in B̶r̶i̶t̶i̶a̶n̶ New Hampshire. You're a G̶r̶y̶f̶f̶i̶n̶d̶o̶r̶ Horse, and you're getting ready to go through the S̶o̶r̶t̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶c̶e̶r̶e̶m̶o̶n̶y̶ Initiation. On your first day you bump into S̶n̶a̶p̶e̶ Grabnier, who deducts 10 h̶o̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶p̶o̶i̶n̶t̶s̶ demerits.I would totally play this again on a desert island. I like things with story and I find something subversive about having this on my list. It's so different from other things I play that it's a nice change of pace."
76561198093270171,Recommended,211340,27618285,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,allyangel1998,"Wishing this game could last longer, this game is soooo much fun, I mean this isnt your typical visual novel, you can choose your own timetable, the actions you do, lots of routes to experience and more! If you havent played this game already, you should >_o worthwhile game"
,Recommended,211340,28224625,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bt0paz,"mmmmmmmh, yeah, i adore this game, i need more. <3"
,Recommended,211340,13941392,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SonicStar505,"meh. it was kinda fun, i liked exploring all the dating options, and i enjoyed casting spells. but there seems to be something missing. its a little unsatisfying... but it gave me a week or so of fun :)EDIT: i replayed this game recently, im not sure what changed my mind but there is more depth to the game than i initially realized...it is still a BIT unsatisfying, but it is quite a well made game."
76561198048017488,Recommended,211340,33713009,Posted: 21 July,all,Flumberbumberbob,Accidentally got into a relationship with my asexual roommate and we're now cuddle buddies that blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and play sports #Lifegoals.
76561198079727113,Recommended,211340,33896613,Posted: 29 July,all,GreatWyrmGold,"Magical Diary is, in many ways, a standard visual novel. You have a cast of characters, decisions to make about them, some time-management mechanics, and occasional dungeon/exams.The characters aren't bad, nor are they too original. Your teachers are Fanon Snape and the child of Dumbledore and Ms. Frizzle; your roommates are a tomboy and a nerd; you have the misunderstood bad boy and the extroverted nice girl and the weird kid and the arrogant kid and so on. They're not completely one-dimensional, but you don’t see much of any character’s depths without actively pursuing their route. If you do so, they can be interesting (though not exceptional).The time management is also simple. You can spend weekdays in one of five classes to improve your magic skills, in a couple of extracurriculars to improve your Smarts and Strength, or sleeping in to reduce the stress accumulated in other activities. Increasing your magic skill can teach you new spells; Smarts and Strength improve your mana and health points in dungeons. Special events may go along with classes, but they usually don't. On Saturday, you can choose to go to the mall (to slightly reduce stress or purchase items) or study (increasing your Smarts and possibly magic skills at the expense of Stress), assuming that you don't have detention.The dungeons (which serve as your exams) are the weakest aspect of the game. While the goal is always well-explained, how the tools you have at your disposal relate to it is not. You will likely learn dozens of spells by the end of the game, but only a few of them will ever be useful during exams. (Protip: Teleport Other and Breeze both let you solve multiple dungeons with ease. Also, Teleport Other is the last useful blue spell.) Between the often-unclear solutions, the horrible controls, and the useless spell bloat, dungeons are a pain to slog through—which is even more disappointing when you realize that all of that time management is based entirely around boosting your stats to tackle dungeons! Worst of all, the dungeons have limited replay value; once you’ve found one easy solution, it’s boring to go through again, even if you look for another easy solution.This lack of replay value is, to a lesser extent, present in the rest of the game. I have played the game through four times, going through the main five romance/friendship arcs (though for various reasons, I could only complete one of them). Each time, I found the new material interesting, while the parts I had already seen were usually. There is a fast-forward option to skip through professor speeches and the like, but it doesn’t let you skip through minor choices, class selection, or—worst of all—dungeons.The writing of a visual novel is as critical to the experience as the controls or aesthetics of most other genres of game. I have no particular complaints about the writing; none of it jumped out at me as bad and even mediocrity was rare, but none of it seemed exceptionally good. The dialogue conveys character and emotion well, establishing characters and scenes efficiently, aided by the music and visuals. As to those, while neither was exceptional enough to be worth buying the game for, they do their respective jobs more than effectively. The music already started to grow a bit repetitive by the end of my first play session, and eventually starts to get irritating (especially if it gets stuck in your head). The aesthetics support the game's lighthearted tone, though they are not especially memorable or original.The pacing of the game is excellent, aside from the exams thrown in at almost random points. The minimal time-management mechanics reduce downtime between story beats, and those story beats never overstayed their welcome. New characters, plot elements, and so on are introduced at a reasonable rate. There are some hiccups, particularly if you don’t follow a single specific path, but it works well overall.The game's largest issues come from their management of player expectations. At the beginning of the game, you design your character's appearance and even name her, suggesting that the character is primarily an avatar for the player…yet she seems to have a predetermined personality, with remarkably little player input. This would not be much of an issue if the player had more agency in her future, but unfortunately the game is highly linear. You are given choices in individual events, such as an initiation party or preparations for a minor dance, but there is no apparent impact on anything beyond that scene. (This only changes on further playthroughs, and only because you already know how things go.)And let's get to that dance. This is where player expectations, discipline, and that achievement I received all come together. The dance is an event where spirits and magicians dance together. One of the first spells you are likely to learn in the game lets you see spirits, and the game gives you the option to use it, specifically mentioning that she has never actually seen a spirit before and wants to do so. Naturally sharing her curiosity, I chose that option.My character felt a pain in the back of her eyeballs, blacked out, and woke up outside the gymnasium with the two professors over her. The profs chastised her for her foolishness and assigned her demerits and detention BEFORE explaining what happened. Apparently, the spirits react poorly to being seen. (I'm paraphrasing.) There was literally no indication of any of this, besides a vague, missable warning from a character you have reason to distrust. And no, neither of the teachers told either you the player or your character about this danger—she was supposed to know about it on her own. Did I mention that she's the local equivalent of a Muggleborn wizard, meaning that she has no knowledge of the magical world beyond what her teachers teach and rumors her friends spread?But it gets more irritating—yes, more irritating than being punished for not knowing something the game went out of its way to make sure you didn’t know even though your character really should have been warned. There's an achievement called Naughty for getting detention. Reasonable. However, this was the first time I had served detention, and it's the first detention new players are likely to stumble into. So I had the game call me Naughty for events which felt entirely out of control for both me and my character. Well, at least we were on the same page.This wouldn't have been so bad if I had the option to call the teachers out on their crap…but I had no such option, nor does the possibility occur to the protagonist to be dismissed, because the developers didn't think through their player expectations and reactions properly. Perhaps I shouldn't read this much into it, but it seems like the developers wrote options which made sense to them, without asking others for their input on what options they wish they had had. It was a useful insight into video game development, should I ever get around to making that game I've been thinking of for a while, but it was a frustrating experience. More frustrating than receiving an achievement should be, that's certain.Once you know more about the game, carrying in knowledge from the wiki or previous playthroughs or what-have-you, this problem is reduced, but the player should NEVER need to metagame just to understand the consequences of their choices. Doing otherwise is just plain bad game design.In summary: Magical Diary is, from an ""objective"" standpoint, good. It was made with care and skill in nearly every area, and for the most part is enjoyable (aside from the dungeons, which probably could have been removed or abstracted without losing anything of substance). There are several areas in which it could be improved, even outside the dungeons, but it is still probably worth your time.P.S. Sunshine Regiment for life."
76561198171750818,Recommended,211340,34111376,Posted: 8 August,all,lizbook,"Oh sheesh, where to start? This game is the cringe-worthy Harry Potter fanfic you never really knew you wanted. It has a Snape look-alike, a ball with fluffy dresses, an anime art style, and tons of sparkles.But underneath the sparkles is a surprisingly diverse game. I liked the puzzle-solving exams, and the game actually addresses some great issues with healthy relationships and friendships. All of the bizarre, addictive sweetness of Pixie Stix: you won't want to tell your friends, but you'll be tempted to anyway."
76561198064764334,Recommended,211340,33943367,Posted: 31 July,all,Star Butterfly,It's short but good. Normally i don't play this kind of game but it sounded so much like Harry Potter i had to check it out. I wish they made a sequel or something.Also there were only 2 teachers in the game lol.
76561198040161375,Recommended,211340,34898487,Posted: 12 September,all,sf0311,"""Magical Diary"" is cute and engaging - and, at some points, surprisingly deep and creepy. This was the first visual novel I ever played, and I'd consider it a good point to start, seeing how it got me hooked on a genre which I now love very much.The game has sweet graphics, good writing and engaging characters & setting. (Who doesn't love a good magical boarding school story? It's less of a Harry Potter-clone than you might think, though, which is good.) It's a story-driven game which allows the player to set their own goals over the school year - do you want to be an A-student? Everyone's darling or a weirdo? Date all the cute guys and girls? Have an adventure? Get kicked out? The choice is yours. The game mechanics are fun and the dungeon puzzles that come up at intervals do a nice job of switching things up.It's one of my favourite games, but I also realise that it is one of those cases where people tend to be really divided. I'd say that if the trailer and pictures you've seen made you at least consider buying it, give it a try."
,Recommended,211340,3176038,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Lya,One of the best Otome-games out there. The story and customization is great!
76561198080948394,Recommended,211340,35073779,Posted: 19 September,all,aljaz.bozicko,"I actually found this game quite a while ago and I was quite engrossed into it for a little while. It would stay as a good memory if ""free"" version back in the days wasn't uncrackable. It stopped you from playing in the middle. Because of that, I simply forgot about it till I noticed it again randomly on Steam. I think I was searching for Arcemagia alternatives.Of course I bought it. It is one of those games that arent that good, but they still feel heartfelt. I guess if I would have to give it a score it would be 7 or 8 out of 10.So game by itself is good, I like dungeons, merit school system, lots of characters, lots of event, entire year to play. And you are a girl. I am a male, but I just dont see a lot of games which are made more than not by focusing on female character. It eventually pushes you into ""dating simulation"", but it feels more like a feature, you get to pick who if who would you like to be with at the end of a year. If you are not forcefully married to a profesor.What I would like thou to be more developed:More dungeons with more variety and more spells to useBad endings felt rushedNot enough options to freely get to know other school charactersActual money earning sistemMore or less to chosse, so more story-like or more decision-abilities-basedMost of the learned spells are useless or discouraged in everyday environment which is a wasteMore character diversity and more equipementMore day-to-day planingMore developed outside of school lifeMore profesors, two are like a joke to any school sistemMore ""school"", not just classesNo ""dating season"" and especialy almost just before the end of a yearNo ""dont tell normal people magic exists"" world diaperI know it sounds a lot, but mostly it is what to add, not what what is wrong.I would actualy say that what Academagia need is what Magical Diary has and the other way around. I love the way Academagia is made. I was astonished by its complexity, build and interconnectivity and tons of people, events and lore where you can do more than one event per day. Which get into the shadow of a random bug that prevents you from playing half way through after days of playtime (pre-steam version). Or new eyehurting interface (steam/gog version).Hope both games inspire more of a kind :). I would also recomend that battle sistems wouldnt be regarded as part of a school couriculum as public schools rarely fancy something in a way of ""shooting/swordplay"" which magic duels basicaly are."
,Recommended,211340,35364912,Posted: 30 September,all,sebfro,This game is my guilty pleasure
