user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198056405327,Recommended,211400,7755733,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,FreightFright,"When ""Deadlight"" was first announced, I thought that the concept looked interesting: the art style, the ""parkour"" Tequila Works promoted, the story... and then it came out on the Xbox 360 and received fairly mediocre reviews. The PC port however appeared to solve all the problems the console version boasted, from the bugs to the clunky controls. I can assure you, after having played both the Xbox and the PC versions, that the PC port is better. However, the port available to buy on Steam still suffers from a lot of problems, problems that detracted from the game and caused me to quit the game in anger several times. ""Deadlight"" is one of those games that looked fantastic on paper but failed to deliver what most expect from not just a zombie game, but an action/adventure game too.Gameplay - 2/5 stars - The bugs, the performance, the controls, the cutscenes... they angered me to the point where completing the game seemed like a chore. The parkour is fun, I'll give the game that, but the combat is way too easy due to plentiful ammo. The controls were also extremely clunky. I suggest that you change the key bindings the second you boot up the game, for some keys are in the most awkward of places.Story - 3/5 stars - The voice acting (in some cases) is really well done and the story arc, though cliche, is made interesting due to the collectibles scattered throughout the game. I find the lead-up to the infection in zombie games to be the most interesting part, and the fact that ""Deadlight"" is set in the mid-1980s helps create a unique backstory to the zombie outbreak.Sound - 2/5 stars - Not much to say here. The music was atmospheric though it starts to loop and it can get annoying when you have to retry a section over and over due to the previously mentioned controls. Just generally mediocre I'd say.Graphics - 4/5 stars - The game's art direction is cool and refreshing. I'd love to see more games harness this kind of art direction, just like how I wish more games harnessed cell-shading. Despite the visual style, the graphics are great (when they aren't being crippled by glitches and frame-rate drops).Price - 4/5 stars - For $14.99, you get around 4 hours of gameplay, excluding hunting for collectibles. Not too shabby, and the deal get's even sweeter if you can pick this game up during a sale. There is some replay value too.Overall - 3/5 - Honestly, ""Deadlight"" can be worth the $15 if you're accustomed to technical issues. At the end of the day, I recommended this game to some friends and I'd recommend it to you too. It may sound like I loathe the game, but I think the game was actually okay. It's just that though: ""okay."" Perhaps ""Deadlight 2"" will solve all the problems presented in ""Deadlight,"" if Tequila Works develops a sequal that is."
,Recommended,211400,19004692,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:DeadlightOriginal Release:2012Genre Tags:2D; Platformer; Adventure; Puzzle; AtmosphericMy Overall Grade:A-Estimated Playtime (Campaign):4-7 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Aesthetes; Game atmosphere connoisseurs; Horror buffsREVIEWDeadlightis an uncomplicated, stylish side-scroller that plays as an action-platformer.  Simple to learn, fun to play, aweing to look at: all of the makings of a good game are present.  Beyond that solid foundation,Deadlightalso boasts its own unique charm that ushers it into an elite echelon within its genre.  It can be quite difficult, though, and may be best enjoyed on a low difficulty just relishing the aesthetics and savoring the experience.The gorgeous backgrounds and graphic-noir character models combine to create a very atmospheric experience— which is often difficult to achieve in a 2D game.  I personally feel that the aesthetic appeal alone merits a playthrough.  This immersive atmosphere of the game is coupled with a decent - yet minimal - storyline to create a sense of purpose as you progress through the campaign.  Perhaps not the most enthralling fable, but the narrative serves its purpose.The actual gameplay is pretty simplistic in nature, yet the game itself can be quite challenging in certain parts, especially on the high difficulty.  The controls are not quite as fluid as one may hope, and unfortunately you may die a few times as a direct result.  This isn’t that bad for the average gamer as the checkpoints are frequent; but if you want to go for the “no-deaths” achievement (win inNightmare Mode), you may find this significantly more troublesome.  I found the “normal” difficulty to be perfect and extremely enjoyable; but I admittedly found theNightmare Modeto be not worth enduring for the final achievement.If you are OK with just enjoying a game for the experience, and don’t need to 100% every game— it’s probably safe for you to assumeDeadlightisn’t as overwhelmingly and generally difficult as some other people may lead you to believe.  However, if you are someone who wants every last achievement, you may need to be prepared for some frustration.You should also be aware thatDeadlightis not very long.  It only lasts about 4-5 hours on the “normal” difficulty.  I found it to be a pleasing length as I felt the game had served its purpose by the end; I enjoyed the experience and was ready to move on.  You will have to decide for yourself if it sounds too short or just right.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Not Recommended,211400,23687646,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,Great game but greedy developers. They update the game for another 20+€.They do not deserve a penny.
,Not Recommended,211400,13813813,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,PinkPony,"Awful execution belies otherwise solid mechanics. I want to love this game, but it's a one-way relationship.The first hour-or-so will be an enjoyable stealth-based platformer, before you're introduced to The Rat and his one-hit-kill maze of twitch platforming, relying on millisecond-perfect reactions to make progress. Expect to die 20+ times per trap.After this area, you'll begin to see small issues with the game itself... Odd checkpoints placing your further back than your progress, requiring you to bring lifts back down for you to proceed; Audio being reliably cut off, losing huge chunks of dialogue and replies; Awful hitbox detection that allows you to be hit from behind an enemy, and equally bad enemy AI that will ignore specifically placed distractions and beat you to death while you're being held by another; A broken standing-jump mechanic that will send you flying to the side if you're not perfectly still; and an interactable environment that is impossible to tell foreground from background, leaving you plummeting to your death where you thought there was a walkway.So what's good about the game? Well, it's not the story as told by the cutscenes or the overly-raspy voice-actor, but the journal was a delight to read, and hidden pages of it, though making no sense, are a nice collectable to have and tell you more about your character than the game itself every will, besides the odd grunt of his wife and daughter's names.A gritty, 3D side-scroller based on luring and evading enemies is a rare commodity, as far as I know, and this game captures the world and its parkor exploration very nicely, though the liklihood of your character actually being able to move like that is questionable. The enemies themselves are your typical zombie-type, but feature eyes that glow red when they're being aggroed, which I suppose is nice, if a bit too 'gamey' for the real world they're trying to create. And once again, this is some magical universe where zombies have never been conceived of, and are instead known as 'Shadows'.I will let you make your own mind up about this game. If you're a big fan of platformers and zombie survival, you might find something you like... but for the casual player, there is far too much confusion and overly-punishing mechanics for me to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,211400,8501574,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LEMP!KA,"I can't die here. I won't. I need to find my family....But hey, I do anyway, because this game (or rather, this port) is very clumsy. The physics is buggy, the response time is delayed, and the axe is apparently made of rubber.Most actions will result in your death, which would be completely justified had it been due to the challenging nature of the game, but instead most of it will be the result of faulty game mechanisms and strange quirks of the level layout. These errors can be ignored (albeit with some difficulty) during the initial playthrough, as the checkpoints are frequent and forgiving, but once the postgame ""Nightmare Mode"" is introduced, this becomes a whole different story. When there are only 3 checkpoints in the entire playthrough of the game, frustrating doesn't even begin to describe the task of completing this mode (That alternate hat Randall wears was pretty neato though).As a port of the original XBOX game, this game also suffers from strange mapping of the controls. Well, maybe it's part of the challenge to press Shift and Ctrl while moving. It just feels like the controls were mapped by someone not accustomed to keyboard and mouse.The art style was slick, the sidescrolling gameplay was a great idea, and the entire concept was generally pretty awesome. What this game suffers from are ridiculous response times and funky physics in a port that wasn't really thought out properly."
,Recommended,211400,7777083,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Salazar's Right Hand,"Deadlight is a thing of beauty, to the naked eye at least.Presentation: 9.5/10 - The games great mixture of colours is visually stunning. All the pitch black cadavers lining the empty, cold, and harsh streets while the sun shines down brightly and creates glare on your screen is simply a sight that should be seen. How they mix the pitch black bodies with the bright surroundings around them is simply put; amazing. I must also mention the soundtrack. The music fits the mood rather well, and helps immerse you in the world.Gameplay: 6.0/10 - Although the idea was original, especially for a zombie game, Deadlight fails in many areas. It's basically a simple, linear, clunky, and slippery platformer. All the surfaces you jump on feel slipper and the controls are clunky and sometimes have a bit of a delay. The game is also very linear, in the sense that there are no real, ""secret,"" areas and you just end up following the cookie trail that the game gives you. You also get some weapons in the game like a revolver or axe, but they aren't anything unique. For the long ranged weapons it's a simple point and shoot, which is basically the same for the axe or any other physical weapon. Simple, but not too clean.Plot: 6.5/10 - Other than some great story telling, the plot ends up being a little too cliched for me. As I said, they tell the story in a great way, but the actual story isn't that great. They also did a good job at making you feel for the protagonist, Randall Wayne, but once again the main premise feels old.Overall: 7.0/10 - Good.""The game is visually stunning, but doesn't do much more to make it special""- Marcus"
76561198030570438,Not Recommended,211400,23688060,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ringod123,"Have re-released the game (Deadlight Directors Cut) with slight graphical improvements and bug/control fixes that should have been free for this version, instead you have to pay £15 for the ""updates"" and a DLC Arena Mode packaged as a new game.No discounts whatsoever for owners of this version."
76561198326023938,Recommended,211400,32185105,Posted: 4 June,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),"a really good take on both the platforming and zombie genre in one go - take control of your hero as you run, jump and occasionaly shoot your way across a variety of small levels interlinked with a good narrative. The game pace itself is actually quite relaxed with the odd moment of panic now and again when the hordes get too close - Each room/area is a little puzzle of sorts and using the environment and your basic parkour skills you make your way through - it is mildly satisfying to get through each bit even though the story line is somewhat cliche cliche - i have had this game sat in my library for months and not played it but it is actually quite good a pleasent change from all the other games that i have. even from all the zombie type games i have this one plays totally differently from them all even though the storyline is so and so it is well told with good voice acting which will keep you engaged as you solve each area - there is a good change of pace of gameplay as you go through the areas with some areas needing you to be quick witted and fast with your reflexes and good with your memory of what button does what - thankfully the controls are kept basic and simple (i played on controller). A good solid game with nice graphics telling the story of one mans story in the zombie apocalypse. good storyline nice twist at the end - the last few sections can be hard to beat and i had to do therm a few times to get the timing right but was well worth it - a satisfying game to finish"
,Not Recommended,211400,9614164,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Aethyr,"A distinctly short offering -- clocking in at maybe two hours -- Deadlight has aspirations to fuse puzzle-platformers like the classic Flashback or the more recent fellow XBLA port Limbo (from which it draws no small visual inspiration) with the zombie-apocalypse survival setting of titles such as The Last of Us and Day Z. However, it ends up being more like Canabalt with delusions of grandeur, being in large part concerned with running to the right.The game lacks direction and can't seem to settle on whether it wants you to have weapons or not, taking them away and returning them capriciously. The setting is similarly inconsistent; although largely urban, a fair chunk of the game takes an inexplicable detour underground to what to all intents and purposes is a puzzle dungeon, a series of trial-and-error traps and jumping puzzles that drags on far longer than it needs to.While trial-and-error gameplay is not particularly egregious in and of itself, Deadlight's poorly designed approach often means that you can suffer instant death from something you had no chance to anticipate; rather than finding the best solution for a challenge, it's more a case of rote memorisation. This is certainly not helped by finickity controls and a number of bugs; one particularly aggravating example was near the end of the game, where I'd repeatedly have to restart a checkpoint only to find my character spinning on the spot, unable to do otherwise.In terms of story and characters, Deadlight leaves no cliché unturned, with the characters being barely more than stereotypical ciphers and the story, such as it is, loosely stitching together every zombie trope in the book. There is some genuinely atrocious dialogue in the game -- some of the worst writing I've come across in a long time -- delivered with at best forgettable voice acting.Although clearly tolerable once through, despite its many flaws, it's impossible to recommend due to its brief duration and frustrating gameplay. Crucially, there's nothing here that hasn't been done better elsewhere; it adds nothing to either the puzzle-platformer or zombie apocalypse genres, and even its two-hour length feels like a waste of time."
76561198027999270,Recommended,211400,15641487,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Eifersucht18,"“It’s All Fun And Games Until You Get Bitten”'Deadlight' is a visually stunning, wonderfully atmospheric, survival horror 2.5-D Platformer which raises the bar for the genre in some respects, but then also stumbles in others – resulting in a generally fun, if confoundingly uneven escape from reality.Campaign:Developed by Tequila Works | Microsoft Studios and released in late-2012, the game drops you into the shoes of Randall Wayne, a US Park Ranger on a desperate search for his missing family in the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse. Each level takes you across a fantastic imagining of a post-apocalyptic Seattle (circa 1986), featuring both indoor, outdoor and underground elements, with hauntingly beautiful backdrops making for some of the best visuals, atmosphere and tone in recent gaming memory.Gameplay | Sound | Other:Gameplay is focused heavily on platforming and solving puzzles to help your character circumnavigate an increasing number of obstacles. Several sections also feature a timed element that naturally increase player stress-levels as you scramble to get to the end - heightening the immersion element of actually ‘running for your life’. Importantly, frequent checkpoints are well spaced throughout to ensure frustration is kept to a minimum. Your character will discover a few weapons - an axe, revolver etc - along the way, but ammunition is severely limited to reinforce the point that confrontation with the hordes of undead is generally discouraged. Sound Design is excellent and immersive overall, and controls are well optimized for both K&M and Controller.Flaws:Unfortunately, the game is not without some major missteps – Gameplay is restrictively linear – and the lack of any real challenge or even variation in puzzles, ‘enemy AI’, weapons or fighting elements make the game highly predictable and repetitive about a third of the way through. Additionally, a shallow plotline, lack of sidequests, no customization options, and relatively few collectibles make for low replayability overall as well. Finally, the game also tends to be buggy in spots (with sound randomly cutting out during cutscenes), no ‘Restart | New Game’ option, and if all of the above weren’t enough, it’s terribly short as well with average playtimes running between 3-5 hours.‘Deadlight’ is a gorgeous looking game no doubt – but look under the hood and many inherent issues become quickly apparent, leaving the gamer feeling like they are just going through the motions without much of a plot or challenge to distract from proceedings. While extremely hard to justify at full price, On Sale (at $2.99) it’s worth a casual playthrough if largely for the visual experience alone. Recommended on Sale! – Rated (7.9/10)Want More Recommendations?Make sure to click the 'Follow' button on our Curator Page (Link Attached) to get the latest reviews updated directly onto your Activity Feed. Link:'Game Syndicate - Curator Page'"
76561198027006568,Not Recommended,211400,23691319,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sobrino B,"Nice game! Until the heli scene, never played it again. I couldn't get passed it what a terriblemechanics. It's not like Dark Souls or what? The reason i write this review is the fact that today 21-06-2016, there's aDIRECTORS CUT!And i'm annoyed with that kinda patches that get re-released asdirectors cut,definitive editions,reduxand such. Lately Dead Island, Riptide, Ori and the Blind Forest, hard Reset and so on. What is this? Money making? Looks like it. I already OWN the game! So don't make another release that is just a patch and make people pay the full price for it. And also make another steam store page for it and eventualy delete the original game from steam store! That is f####n up my libary and achievements! Make it optional in the original store page as an upgrade for a nice price for owners of the original game. Don't release it as a NEW game. This is not only directed to the dev's of this game but to ALL that do this.Skyrim Defenitive Editionwill be free for owners of the game + all DLC.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter ReduxFREE for owners of the original! That's how you should do it."
,Not Recommended,211400,9578258,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,NinjaNumber9,"What's the most important thing in a Plattformer? good controls! And the controls are down right awful in Deadlight.Combine that with bad level design where you keep confusing foreground objects as background objects and unforgiving gameplay. I have no problem with a challenge, but Deadlight is basicly just a decent looking assemblage of on rail quick time events with bad controls."
,Not Recommended,211400,24963176,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,"i liked this game. even with its negative sides i was gonna still give it a posative review.But knowing that the developers made a new release (Deadlight: Director's Cut) as a separate game(20 euros), improving some graphics and improving controls ( which should have been added to the origenal game(this one)) and not giving it free or at a discount for the people who already own the 1st one. i changed my mind.and i dont know where did this ""Director's Cut bs"" came from in the 1st place into the gaming world? isnt that for movies going through regulation and cuts have to be done to be viewed in movie theaters. and then the origenal full version shown on dvd/tape release!i dont support this kind of bs from the developers in this ( No Man's Sky era) and i dont think any gamer should do."
76561198009072031,Not Recommended,211400,28259725,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Murre,Finished in 3 hours and had more frustration than fun
76561197963310104,Not Recommended,211400,23692160,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cowboy.Bebop,The new patch they call a directors cut costs more than the original? No thanks.
,Not Recommended,211400,10963963,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trabolsky16298,"As most people have said, you either love it or you hate it.  The graphics and effects are pretty impressive for a game like this. And there's definitely a creepy ambience. But what good I have to say about this game ends there. Oh, and I guess the old school cut scenes were neat at first, but definitely got old for me.The story isn't very original and, while it wasn't awful, I felt let down.  The dialogue was definitely lacking.  If I had to here Randall talk to himself in the third person one more time I was going to take an axe to my own head.Most other reviews hit it on the head when they mentioned the clumsy controls, bad physics, and poor layering.  This game will leave you feeling frustrated more often than not.  Some of the level design was pretty interesting but there were times where getting caught on a fence and shot by the helicopter, jumping when told to and magically hitting an invisible wall leading to either, again being shot by the helicopter or, more often, falling to my death, randomly crouching instead of rolling, or jumping off of hanging obstacles onto platforms and sliding right off to either die or have to repeat just got infuriating and painful.I felt like I would have left this game pleasantly surprised if it had been a flash game, which is kind of what it felt like.However, this is the first game in a long time that I can say that I regret purchasing, even discounted on the summer sale, and will NEVER play again."
,Not Recommended,211400,16349561,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,George Burley Mucho,"Extremely frustrating. The first half of the game (around 2 hours) isn't too bad, the protagonist Randall is introduced along with the basic mechanics. As the game spills over into it's second half however, it decides to just throw scenarios at you where you literally can't guess what's going to happen, unless you're the MacGyver of gaming. So you end up in a vicous cycle of dying constantly and getting slightly further each time. Ultimately, it can end up taking around 5 minutes on one small puzzle section, and these sections get more persistent towards the end.On top of that, the only thing strong about this game is its visual presence and how it incorporates set pieces. However, even the really cool moments where it actually feels like you're playing a decent game are soiled by constant deaths, the ending sequence with Stellar was particularly bad.I can understand making a platformer 'challenging' but throwing death obstacles in the final leg of the game and ultimately negating the impact of the cool part is a sure-fire way to sour the experience. In the last quarter of the game you're just wishing it would be over, and it's only four hours long...dear oh dear.EDIT:Just checked out Nightmare Mode as well. It's just the normal campaign except you're not allowed to save, and if you die you are sent back to the start of the game. That sounds like as much fun as putting your testicles in a blender and then drinking the ball fluid."
,Not Recommended,211400,15539855,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sapphire,"Did you try to shoot when you were on a ledge hanging? No you don't drop down cause you didn't hit the drop down button and now you're dead.Did you try to drop down by hitting jump? Nope, still don't let go, you didn't hit the drop down button.What about down? Nope, not down. IT'S A SPECIFIC BUTTON.Okay I hit the drop down button, now what? You didn't immediately roll into a crouch with L1 while using the right analog stick to aim while hitting L2, and you're dead.Have fun doing all of that like 150 times until you manage to flop like a fish on land to your next checkpoint.If you like the Walking Dead the story of this game is pretty much the same sort of thing. Unfortunately a basic zombie apocalypse narrative and some pretty interesting use of 3d in a platformer can't save this game from it's terrible, terrible controls. The main character of the story drives about like a greased hippo in a mudslide. Great narrative, sound, visuals, won't save a game that lacks the key element of gameplay, and with 10,000 other zombie games out there I'm sure you can find something better."
,Recommended,211400,22868338,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,genkicoll,"Deadlight(Platformer-Adventure)Options include sliders for Music, Sound Effects, Dialogue, Graphic Quality, and Gamma (Brightness.)  Resolution goes up to 1920x1080 for me.  You can turn on/off Object Highlights, Hints, Vibration (for controller,) and Subtitles (under Audio Settings.)  Keyboard and mouse controlls can be re-mapped, though I used the controller (which cannot be re-mapped.)I was immediately sucked in by how atmospheric the game is, reminiscent of a cross betweenThis War of Mine, I Am Alive, Mark of the Ninja, andZafehouse Diaries(because ZOMBIES!)The game is really an action-platformer at heart, but the driving story and deeply environmental graphics, sounds, and voices make it feel much like an adventure.  Cinematics can be skipped (but why would you want to do that?) and consist of sepia-toned images with voice overs.  You will play through flashbacks, and there are diary entries you will find which add to the story, as well as little extras like the ID of strangers, newspaper clippings, first aid kits... Oh, and don't forget bullets!  There are also a few ""handhelds"" to be found, which are games to play within the game.The controls for run-jumping can be a bit sticky at times, but the auto-save function ensures that you don't have to repeat too much if you die.  Speaking of running, there ARE running sequences similar to -- but not as hair-pullingly frustrating as --Ori and the Blind Forest.  I had to repeat these sequences three to five times, max, and they're not very long.Some areas are puzzle-heavy, whilst others are action-heavy, depending on where you are in the story.  You can always go back to the main menu and choose 'Select Scene' if you think you've missed something.   There are three chapters to choose from, and each chapter has specific scenes you can go back to, complete with information on how many secrets you found;  ie. 2/3.  Great for those who like to 100% their games!Finishing the game unlocks Nightmare Mode, which is the same as the standard play, except that the game only saves between each chapter.  Nightmare indeed, especially when you consider that the controls for jumping WILL mess you up, and you WILL die.  I think I'll just skip this part.There are achievements to be had, but I can't see getting all of them.  For one thing, you'd have to meet a friend on the leaderboard for one of them (solutionHERE-- Thank you, P0nz!,) and you have to complete Nightmare Mode, sooo... Yep, I won't be getting all of them!I absolutely loved most of the game, but the final area of the game was too much action and not enough thinking for my tastes.  Overall I'd say it's absolutely worth playing!"
76561198167940370,Recommended,211400,28754074,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PhantonGualterio,"DeadlightGameplay:Deadlight: Director’s Cut is a side-scrolling adventure set in a world gone mad. Zombies roam the streets and murderous people stop at nothing to survive. You play as Randall Wayne as he attempts to find his family in the aftermath of the outbreak.+ Deadlight has tense and fearful music that plays sombrely in the background with your character’s footsteps.+ The game world is sliced in two. A dark contrasting black hides the earth and walls where the world meets the screen.+ I enjoyed the retro inspired collectibles that become accessible from the main menu once found in the game.Deadlight: is a good adventure in a chilling world, it’s just a pity that it ends all too quickly. The graphics and style are great but the linearity and predictable story weakens my enjoyment to the point."
,Recommended,211400,1914314,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Quanaril,Marvelous!
,Recommended,211400,21504377,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Steven,"Deadlight is a 2.5D side-scrolling action-platformer survival horror zombie game.You and some fellow survivors have been searching for a place called “Safe Point” and also for your wife and daughter who went missing in the past. As Randall Wayne, you have at your disposal the standard free-running mechanics of running, jumping, wall-jumping, rolling, and climbing, all of which help you traverse post-apocalyptic Seattle.While doing so, you will come across zombie hordes that have infested it, and so you will need to fight them with weapons like axe, revolver or shotgun.Artistic design of the game consists of beautiful yet post-apocaliptic sceneries; abandoned traffic jams, rain-specked neon motel signs, dark fire escapes - never has a 2.5D world felt so believable.Deadlight's best moments are its intense chases: be that a gauntlet run through a street that's crowded with zombies, or a game of hide-and-seek with a military helicopter in deserted office blocks.Overall rating: Highly recommendedSimilar games: Prince of Persia, Another World and Flashback."
,Not Recommended,211400,18191354,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,le_loki_noir,"At face value, this game had potential despite the mediocre writing and voice acting. But it's the controls that ruin it completely. Every action you take is delayed - from running and jumping to swinging a weapon and shooting. When it comes to action sequences/events that have to be timed correctly, it's a nightmare. An exercise is dying over and over because the controls won't respond. Jumping is so poorly designed. You can jump straight up like a middle aged man wearing ankle weights, or you can leap like a cheetah diagonally. Nothing inbetween. Oh are you 6 inches away from being squarely underneath a ladder? Nope, you can't grab onto it yet. You need to walk, stop, then jump straight up again. Otherwise you'll jump 15 feet away from the damn thing if you happen to press a direction while jumping. Sound was also missing from all cutscenes, and random textures fail to load throughout the levels."
76561198088531213,Not Recommended,211400,8457004,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SUBJ3KT17,"I'm glad I only paid 3 bucks for this. It had a lot of potential, but sadly the controls and gameplay mechanics needed more polish. I found myself constantly frustrated by the character responding to the controls in ways I did not intend. In fact, these problems were honestly more dangerous than any enemies I encountered. They certainly caused more deaths."
76561198015461883,Not Recommended,211400,28260488,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,-|WaD|- FMJunkie,"The challenge isn't the game itself but rather the pathetic, unresponsive controls."
76561197963394317,Not Recommended,211400,9564788,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,DareX2,Great atmosphere. The rest is abysmal. Dreary story and kludgy controls deliver boredom with periodic boughts of frustration.
,Not Recommended,211400,23690308,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Talos The Soul Hunter,Greedy publisher.
,Not Recommended,211400,11092956,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Inso vroom vroom,"Deadlight has beautiful graphics for a platformer game, but combined with the poor level design, you keep confusing foreground objects and background objects. A lot of time you die instantly from things you cannot anticipate and you just have to memorize them for the next try, no challenge and very frustrating.The controls are very clumsy and have a ""laggy"" feeling, also very frustrating in a game you have to react quickly in certains areas.The story is full of cliché, the characters are VERY stereotypicals, some of the dialogues are pretty bad and the end is pretty simplistic and bad.TLDR: The game is easy on the eyes. That's all."
76561197997993596,Not Recommended,211400,15605500,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Halcyon,"I very much enjoy Platformer games but this one has a bit of an identity crisis. Are you supposed to be stealth or just charge in like a bull? You will die half a dozen times figuring it out.The music was good, story was okay, visuals were excellent. I for one enjoyed not only the in-game visuals but the comic book style narrative pieces.The controls were rather difficult to work with. I used an XBOX controller and found them to be very cumbersome and very unforgiving. It is not so much fast-twitch reflexes but sometimes getting downright lucky in the timing of things and hoping that you don't glitch out.A very short play that I would give a 6.5/10."
76561198082918293,Recommended,211400,8776426,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,The-Skull-Will-Conquer,"Heard a lot about this game when it first came out and as usual my friends all had their own opinions ""ITS GREAT"" and ""ITS GARBAGE"".So its another one of those games i went into and was thinking am i really going to like this,afterall its a side scrolling game with ZOMBIES in (NOT ANOTHER ZOMBIE GAME AAAARRRRHHHHGGGG) and thats it or so i thought !!!!!!!!!Then i actually started to play and i was instantlly hooked with the game and its style held me from start to finish,the graphics really do suit this game (the zombies eyes glowing is cool,and their speed and eagerness to get to you to dine upon your flesh is quite worrying-especially as some times you find yourself either A-out of ammo or B- in a real tight spot and being a side scrolling game you cant just run away as you either run right or left which only makes the game more of a tense experience) and the music and script are both really well written and both seem to fit this game like a well fitting pair of shoes.I like the fact that come the end you actually know what has happened and it is one ending i dont think i will be forgetting in quite some time (not saying why as again why spoil the game if you havent played it or even got that far)There are a lot of games that go on about the end of the world and the death of mankind,but this is one that is different enough to warrant anyones time and money and whether you buy it for full price or pick it up in a sale its a bargain either way round."
,Not Recommended,211400,33079937,Posted: 1 July,all,ƸӁƷ Bunny Girl ƸӁƷ,"Started game and it's looed so nice, graphics, gameplay etc... But few hours later you get ♥♥♥♥ed by helicopter and restarting 10-20-30 times every checkpoint... Controls (keyboard) bugging sometimes.At military base it's bugged too when you try help to girl... Killing first soldier, then spawning second fro myour behind and you killing them all then giving hand to girl and die. Restarted 30 + times and still get this bug... :(I was wasnt to believe it's nice game but controls bugs, stupid ""soldiers"" at military base and bad checkpoints destroyed my good opinion about this game :(But it's still better then AC: China.. ^^"
76561198011022823,Not Recommended,211400,26740394,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Macacoviz,"Well, since I cannot give a NEUTRAL review, let it be negative ...A beautiful game with a nice story (nothing grate) and cool achievements. It had everything to be a good game ...Until you need to control the character ...The character never responds to your commands correctly. Sometimes grabbing and escalating button makes it let it go and fall (and these commands are from different buttons XD) ... attacks do not hit even with the enemies right on your side ... some commands do not even respond when you press it countless times (not saying desperately, just several times calmly and in perfect position for the action to happen), having to get out of position, go back, and try again until he accepts.Everything gets worse when one of the achievements is ending it in Nightmare mode, where the challenge is to end the game in a single sitting, without being able to leave and return later because the game does not save, just keeping the BEGINNING OF EACH CHAPTER'S CHECKPOINT. Every time you die you will have to start over again the whole chapter. This was not even supposed to be so difficult. I assure you that most (if not all) times you die will be for lack of response to commands.If you do not believe me, you can see in forums about dozens of other players: P ...Second most revolting thing after the unresponsive commands is not being able to get through the dialogues and scenes of the game ... forcing you to watch and wait the same scene several times and conversations that completely break your rhythm ... very stressful ... I felt myself listening to the music on the radio that played every morning in the movie ""Groundhog day"" hahahahahahaIn short, the game makes it's bad programming / control your challenge .... it pretty much broke my pleasure of playing it, but I went to the end, leaving only the achievement of Nightmare Mode to do. It is a warning to those who do not have much patience.___________________________________Bem, como não posso dar uma avaliação NEUTRA, que seja negativa...Um jogo bonito, com uma história divertida(nada grandiosa) e achievements legais. Tinha tudo para ser um bom jogo...até você precisar controlar o personagem...Personagem nunca responde aos seus comandos corretamente. Botão para escalar faz ele descer às vezes(e olhe que para subir e descer são botões diferentes XD)... golpes não acertam mesmo com o inimigo do seu lado... alguns comandos nem mesmo acontecem quando você aperta inúmeras vezes (não digo desesperadamente, apenas várias vezes com calma e em posição perfeita para a ação acontecer), tendo de sair da posição, voltar, e tentar novamente até que ele aceite.Tudo piora quando um dos achievements é bater finalizar no modo Nightmare, onde o desafio é terminar o jogo em uma única sentada, sem poder sair e retornar mais tarde pois o jogo não salva, apenas mantendo o checkpoint do COMEÇO DE CADA CAPÍTULO. Toda vez que você morrer terá de recomeçar o capítulo inteiro. Isso nem era para ser tão difícil. Lhe garanto que a maioria (se não todas) as vezes que você morrer será por falta de resposta aos comandos.Se não acredita, pode ver em fóruns sobre as dezenas de outros jogadores :P ...Segunda coisa mais revoltante depois dos comandos é não poder passar os diálogos do jogo... te forçando a rever várias e várias vezes a mesma cena e conversas que quebram completamente o seu rítimo... bem estressante... me sentia escutando a musiquinha do rádio que tocava toda manhã no filme ""Feitiço do tempo"" hahahahahahaResumindo, jogo torna a sua má programação/controle no seu desafio.... isso quebrou bastante o meu prazer de jogá-lo, mas fui até o fim, deixando apenas o achievement do Nightmare Mode por fazer. É um aviso para quem não tem tanta paciência."
,Recommended,211400,7799324,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Vegan Atheist,"What did we have so far? Braid,Limbo, Trine, Bionic Commando, and perhaps a few others I failed to mention.The game takes place in 1986 during the world zombie outbreak.This game has it all, zombies, an intensive narrative, more or less realistic combat, shortage of ammo, expansive and realistic environments, human conflict, back story, gore, puzzles. Once you beat the game you get the Nightmare mode unlocked, wherein you have to beat each of the three long acts (each with 4-5 scenes) without dying. Once you do so you unlock the alternate ending. This achievement is so hard that I haven't seen anyone on the net post the alternate ending yet.One level I would take out is the one in the sewers, it was quite a torture I might say. Everything else looks great: detailed ambiance levels, the physics, the animation, the chase scenes, the cliffhangers, being outnumbered, using environment to kill foes, outstanding soundtrack. There are plenty of Easter eggs: such as three handheld video games, miscellaneous items, pieces that help complete the story as well as ID of famous serial killers and such. The game itself is also pretty long, around 5-6 hours..Anyways, short review."
76561198074109618,Not Recommended,211400,33759195,Posted: 23 July,all,BeastInMyPants,"The game itself starts decent with pretty graphics and a good vibe. However things quickly go sour with clunky controls, bugs and a lot of cheap deaths. Most of the time you can't see the difference between forground and background, resulting in a trial-by-error to find your way. The deaths woulnd't be so bad if it would load quicker though. The secrets you find are id's & diary pages (it's not explained how these got spread all over the story, which is kinda redundant). You can also find health and stamina increasers but these don't count as secrets, which is weird. My biggest issue however is that during some cutscene there is no sound at all.The reason i don't recommend this game is that i can play it 30-45 minutes max at a time, before i get frustated by the cheap deaths and bugs.If you want to buy it, wait for a sale, don't spend more than 5$."
,Not Recommended,211400,11926760,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,spacejumbofudge,"When I completed this game it surprised me as it said 'Nightmare mode unlocked', I could have sworn that's what I was already playing.You could describe it as zombies meet the classic Prince of Persia platformer, but I'd call it a frustration simulator.  The problem is that most parts of the game will kill you the first time.  You then replay the section knowing what the trap is and hopefully avoid it.   Some sections have short gaps between checkpoints, some large.  So you might end up doing a long bit again and again as you discover each trap.  Worse, sometimes there are dialogue bits that you heav to hear over and over again.All this constant reloading is made worse by the delay in first asking you to press a button to reload, then taking a while to reload.  I'm dead (again), there is nothing I can do except reload, why bother asking and delaying me?  The strangely long load time along with a couple of times the menu seems to get stuck hint at a poor PC port.  BTW I particularly wouldn't recommend this without an XBOX controller.The game also suffers from giving you a limited supply of ammo for guns - you're clearly only supposed to use it in a worst case scenario.  I found that meant I just horded it and never used it, though towards the end this did improve.For the postives, the story is OK, though a bit hammy - the whole Rat man bit is quite poor. Where the game really shines is graphically, the art direction is great.I picked it up for a few quid and got more hours out of it than I wanted to."
,Recommended,211400,7855690,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,AestheticGamer,"Deadlight is a flawed game that has some frustrations you'll have to overcome to win. Some sections, particularly in the later part of the game, are frustrating trial-and-error affairs. The story is also rather plain and predictable. But it's not a bad game, it has some pretty fluid mechanics and some rather smart level design often, with a few cool collectibles in little minigames you can collect and diary pages that are interesting enough. The environments look pretty, the music is nice... It feels like it holds itself back, though its hard to explain. But I don't regret playing it, I did in fact enjoy it. Catch it on a sale, and if the idea of a 2D Zombie game is interesting to you, I'll recommend it. But it has its rough patches of frustrations, some glitches, and sometimes feeling not very inspired."
,Not Recommended,211400,11277529,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Silverino...,"So...I just finished this game.As you can see in my game record...it's a very short game.The story is solid but the original ending was something I was expecting since the middle of it.If you do end the game in Nightmare Mode (I didn't do it - more on this later), the ending is much more satisfying and dramatic (should have been the original one).So...why do I give it a NO?Yeah...this game is a platformer...with awfull controls. You will die...and die and die again because the character will jump in the opposite position of what you are trying to make him go. He allways runs a little bit to the other side when you stop making him go the way you want. 80% of the cutscenes didn't had any sound (hurt the tension that the game allways is trying to get), zombies clipping trough objects like crazy, invisible walls that I found easy to get and the voice acting is over dramatic with dialog looping at times in the in-game characters.This game is not perfect. I liked the story but I was getting so frustrated with the messy controls that I found it difficult to enjoy the story of it.Worth for the story. God Awfull controls...Buy it at your own risk."
76561198052983021,Not Recommended,211400,20574512,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,jvgocavs_2000,"Deadlight is a puzzle platformer game with light action elements that tries and fails to be an atmospheric horror experience.  I really enjoyed the art style and the attempt at a 2.5 D environment. It could have been an atmospheric horror game or a creepy adventure game based just on the presentation.  Unfortunately the platforming is inconsistent, the objective of each section not always clear, and the combat laggy and unresponsive.  For me this resulted in lots of deaths.  There is no punishment for this as you start over at the last checkpoint which is usually a few seconds from where you died, but for a game who’s art style and audio went to a lot of trouble to create a sense of immersion constantly retrying a check point because I didn’t understand what to do and got swarmed by the undead really takes you out of the story.  There are three chapters to this relatively short game.  I started in on chapter 3 and after dying a handful of times decided to move on to other things, not so much because the game was too hard to complete, I could have forced my way through, but I totally lost interest in the world the game was trying to create."
,Not Recommended,211400,13771549,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,zazzman,"The story for the game is a good idea, but everything suffers from poor execution except for the visuals. Let me start on a positive note. The visuals are beautiful. The zombies hide in the shadows and the lighting effects are great. I can imagine this may be a point of frustration because it may be difficult to see baddies or where you are supposed to go. The other visually appealling aspect of the game are the cut scenes. They are stills with slight movement, similiar to the original InFamous. Great style in that game and great here, too.Now time for all the bad things. The execution of the story is not the greatest. You get bits and pieces revealed to you as the protagonist remembers a traumatic event. Speaking of the protagonist, I found the voice actor's voice-over  to be annoying and cheesy. Controlling the protagonist is, at best, frustrating, and, at worst, impossible. There is typically a half-second delay before your button presses are actually executed.Even once I got around the bad response time of the controls, there was the constant failure built into the maps. Most of the areas are designed to kill you as soon as you enter them then you figure out how to survive. This does not make for a fun game. Progress...die...learn...progress...die...learn. This happens over and over again. There are some maps where as soon as you walk through a door, the ceiling collapse. It is completely impossible to know what you are supposed to be doing unless you have already done it. Not good game design.Overall, y'all should take a pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,211400,16431073,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Rekonin,"*** Potential Spoilers ***This game caught my eye the moment I saw it. It looks fantastic and I loved the idea of a side-scrolling, Prince of Persia-esque, zombie survival platformer. So much of the game shows a huge potential. Unfortunately, it's just not been met.- You get no real explanation as to why things are the way they are. I'm fine with going in blind, but you NEVER find out.- Among many other inconsitencies, the whole 'Rat Man' section was just pointless. It seemed like a key change in the game, his home to be returned to thoughtout the game. You save his son and then... nothing. It was completely ignored like it never happened.- Two sections saw me having my weapons taken from me. That's fine and all, but the second one I just MAGICALLY got them back without even finding them.- I lost count how many times in the game I could do something, and then after death I wasn't able to do that again. Bugs.- The 'ending'. It just happened. It didn't even make sense when I got there. I just got a small cut-scene and then credits with the new menu option for 'nightmare mode'.There's barely 2hrs of play time to the game. At the point I finished it, everything was telling me I was maybe 1/6th to-1/4 of the way through. Where's the rest of my game?It truely feels like the developer simply got bored making it and just stopped a fraction of the way in and never bothered to tie up a single plot-point."
,Not Recommended,211400,22734246,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,«Dementia» Soup or Sex,"Much like others have stated, the visuals are terrific.  That said, they do not make up for the fact that this game is just about figuring out the right key combinations at the right time.  You die a lot learning this and there is really no variation to most of the situations.  Run, jump, grab, sprint, use, oh wait, or was it run, jump, sprint, use, die - damn, it was the first one.The controls are also sluggish so you are not really relying on your reflexes and ability to scope a situation, but rather trying to figure our the proper series and timing of button presses.  If you enjoy trying to figure out these sequences and enjoy dying a lot, you may enjoy the game.  It is so frustrating that you soon forget the visuals, which are by far the games best feature."
,Not Recommended,211400,29353480,Posted: 19 January,all,realfrankturner,"If you can pick up the game CHEAP then do so, it isn't a bad game but it isn't that good either, I don't regret buying it, but finding it hard to understand all the positive reviews.The first part of the game eases you in, but goes on bit too long with how easy it is,  you basically just move forward not doing much else.Then comes The Rat and a change of direction to an obstacle course, storywise it was silly, but not too frustrating.Then comes the final 3rd or so where it becomes very frustrating, especially the helicopter chase which had me wanting to throw my controller.The controls are not very responsive and when you want him to go a certain way he does the opposite which makes scenes like above very annoying, something that hasn't and probably won't be fixed.It's an ok game, nothing more, pick it up cheap if you have to, otherwise you aren't missing much by not playing it, except frustration."
,Recommended,211400,14631680,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,kposkitt,"A great game, but very short.This platform game is brilliant.  Story is complex and alot of reading is required if you want to understand the story in full.Puzzles are sometimes tricky, but you soon figure them out.  However there is not enough of them.  There are a few hidden spots for little gems to be found so look around.The gameplay is easy and simple, but there is a hardcore mode unlockable after completing your first initial run through.  A little more challenging, thats it!Definitely a worthy purchase when on sale, not £15."
,Recommended,211400,8939318,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,thetick,"This is one of those games that is good for 30 minutes and then throws a ridiculously difficult platforming part that you stay stuck on.  I find I can only take so much, maybe about 30-60 minutes at a time, before I have to stop playing.  It's neat, but frustrating at parts.  Once I beat this I'll probably never replay it.  Recommended with reservations."
76561198070192932,Not Recommended,211400,28267848,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,arin707,"I usually tend to give indie devs the benefit of the doubt. After reading all the great reviews and seeing that it was on sale I bought it. I beat it in 3 hours and i can tell you this with the utmost confidence. This game is bad... like really bad. Voice acting is extreme levels of cringe, artwork looks messy and unfinished, soundtrack is nothing special, characters are forgettable ( I wouldnt even remember the protags name if he didnt repeat it 8 million times in the same scentance). The ""game""play is unresponsive, buggy and the worst part of this ""game"". Cheap deaths are the only reason you will ever die. Infact the game is really easy but the amount of times my character jumped off a cliff for no reason at all is on par with the amount the protag restates his name.The story is god awful but thank god there isnt much of it. Ending can be seen from a mile away and if you are looking for an innovative story I assure you, you will not find it here. I dont usually write reviews but after seeing all the unjust praise on steam I had to do write one up because good god I hadnt played a game this bad in years!"
76561198058997305,Not Recommended,211400,14340703,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TheDanielG,"When I first saw this game I was REALLY excited. Zombies, platforming and survival? Sounds like a match made in heaven!! Unfortunately the concept wasn't excecuted as well as I hoped. The beginning chapters were rather wonderful, having you run through Seattle avoiding ""Shadows"". When you pick up a gun, you think &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥s gonna get real"" when you're only given a few bullets. Survival much?This is when the game takes a bad turn though. You meet ""The Rat"" and he brings with him a frustrating chapter of nonsensical platforming that don't follow the story. He has you avoiding traps while trying to talk to you about his lost son or something. This really broke the immersion and grittiness of the game for me. The iffy controls didn't help either. I remember spending about 30 minutes just trying to jump over some spikes and roll afterwards. I was using a controller and he just WOULDN'T ROLL! Eventually he cooperated, but by that time I was all annoyed.The story, while horribly cliched, has some nice pacing and fantastic comic-style cutscenes. Some of the voice actors, especially Randall, sound like they're trying way too hard to be gritty and rough. Still, credits for the pacing, even thouhg some scenes are almost direct copies of certain ones from Walking Dead.To summarise;PROS- Great visuals.- Audio is immersive.- First hour is spectacular.- Being chased by zombies is proper nerve racking.CONS- Tempermental controls.- Story is very cliched.- The Rat.- Randall seems super-human sometimes.THE VERDICT:Buy on sale, don't expect too much. If you like pretty games, do it!"
,Recommended,211400,10152797,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,GD×M,"DeadlightDeadlight is a atmospheric apocalypse game.Rating 7/10More positives then negatives.This game is 2D/3D combination of looks like Limbo and I Am Alive, but is way much better game!Deadlight make up most of the time a mixture of shades of gray color on a black background and foreground objects ... but looks good!The main task? RUN ... only one snag ... u cant swim. :DYou're outta the game for 2 hours .. averageBut its a great game, good atmospheric environment. Not much stupid NPC, good story. If u like games like I Am Alive or any zombie game, u should buy it ..."
,Not Recommended,211400,14523277,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Vykenos,Starts out promising but terrible dialogue and increasingly unrealistic or unnecessarily hard puzzles (due to the games own failings at character control) just make you want it to be over with.
,Recommended,211400,955941,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Varaosa,"ENG:One of the all time best page pictures of the Zombie games on Steam, and an interesting adventure platformer with an interesting story. Very addictive and visually beautiful. The indie game in the ingredients!This can be an Indie Game Of The Year! Referral!FIN:Yksi Kaikkien aikojen parhaista sivusta kuvattuista Zombie peleistä Steamissa, kiinnostava seikkailu ja tasoloikka, jossa on on kiinnostava tarina. Todella koukuttava ja visuaalisesti kaunis. Vuoden indie pelin ainekset!Tämä voi olla Indie Game Of The Year! Suositteluni!"
76561198117929371,Not Recommended,211400,28229492,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,VonStreed,"*spoiler alert* Well, that was underwhelming. Worth it if it is super chreap, but..... This seemed like a pretty cool game, and it wasn't complete garbage, but the controls were laggy and unresponsive. The puzzles were forced and the game taking away your weapons at random points for no reason were kind of dumb. Why didn’t the Rat give me my guns back when I left his lair? It is not like he was sending me to save his son or anything! I only kept playing because the story seemed promising even though it didn't always make sense, like when you rescue Ben from the stadium and the animation clearly shows him kicking off a Z while tied up but the dialogue says he was knocked out cold. Or how the English translations were a little off in places. I was expecting some sort of explaination of the creepy shadows that would occasionally zip by in the foreground or why my family kept haunting me from beyond the grave. Or at least a cool boss fight with a powerful evil presence. Nope. I free some girl I barely know and then off myself Lame. Then there was the issue of it running initial startup every time I played and no audio during the cinematics. C- at best. I honestly have no idea why this game is ""very positve"". Sorry devs. Cool concept. Poor execution."
,Recommended,211400,23457095,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Aimovoros®,"+Nice little and fun 2.5D game.+Good graphics and nice feeling.+Nice soundtrack.+Decent mechanics-Poor voice over.-Can get frustrating from time to time.-Heavily based on trial and error so you die many times because you just have to in order to see what you should do to avoid it.Recommended if a price drop occurs, its ok for 5 dollars or so."
,Recommended,211400,21857550,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,•SADBOY•,"Loved the art style, Sidescroll action. I haven't played a good sidescroller in quite awhile. The story was good, The ending was decent. Good for achievements hunters aswell! I do recommend this to anyone who likes quality zombie games."
76561197970455038,Not Recommended,211400,8439540,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Chicken Nugget,"This game feels like it was made by two diffrent developers, I loved the first part of the game but from a certain point the game become more frustrating than enjoyable to play, bugs like falling through the world and getting killed by legs of zombies that have no upper body connected to them add frustration to the frustration.(which evolves into super mega frustration :S)Seemingly unresponsive controls at random intervals which make platforming sections tedious and laborious.Finally i must address the story which left me unsatisfied and just yelling down VOIP to my friends ""REALLY?!? REALLY!!!""of course this is all just my opinion feel free to take a risk but you have been warned :S"
,Not Recommended,211400,14386814,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Az,"Some of the reviews on here have put this far better than I ever could but in short, the first half of the game is good. It engaged me, the combat was tense and exciting and the platforming made sense. From Act 2 forward it went straight down hill. I lost all interest in the characters and became insanely frustrated by platforming which felt like you either did it the developers way or not at all."
,Recommended,211400,24730581,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Foxinthesky™,If Randal knew how to swim half of this stuff would not have happend.
76561198083621706,Not Recommended,211400,7819327,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Bones,"It's Prince of Persia with Zombies. It has fantastic art design but suffers from some bad voice acting and several bugs related to audio elements.  I would recommend a controller instead of a keyboard. There are some frustrating parts where what to do next and how to get there isn't exactly easy to figure out and only seems obvious in retrospect. I highly recommend watching some gameplay footage before putting down money on this title.If you are craving an Old School side-scrolling gaming experience, you could do a lot worse, but if you craving an ultimate zombie experience you're best off looking elsewhere."
76561197995074376,Recommended,211400,7744956,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Axel Foley,"Excellent New look on an old school style game.This game has taken all those classic 2D games like 'Prince of Persia' and the more modern 'Limbo' which are all great games on there own and created a ZOMBIE HYBRID.I love the visuals, the way the 2D terain blends with the 3D enviroment. You will have zombies not only coming from left and right as you would think on a 2D platform game which was a nice refreshing change leaving me rethinking how this game will play.You play as a guy who has lost his family and is searching for them through the shadows aka zombies and even not so nice people across different scapes, you must think on your feet as will find yourself stuck between a bloody death or nonlife as a zombie. The story is voice acted superbly and leaves you wanting to know what happens to our heroin next ergo playing for hours.I most definitely recommend this game to all."
,Not Recommended,211400,16424056,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lesbian Boba Fett,"What can I say? Deadlight is exactly what it says on the tin. 2D sidescrolling zombie shooter/platforming game.Pros: It's a beautiful game, the environments are to die for. The comic cutscenes are pretty decent, too. Some of the platforming is pretty intuitive.Cons: Its story is nothing special. If you've played other zombie games, you've played this one. Most of the puzzles and platforming challenges will kill you on your first, second, or even third tries. A game with load times like this should not be having you play trial-by-error. The controls sometimes lag and can result in a quick and frustrating death, especially when you're trying to activate something before zombies can get you, as the window to activate most things is far smaller than it should be.Overall, I wouldn't recommend it. Unless it's on sale and you have a couple hours to spare to look at the pretty pictures."
76561198006645999,Recommended,211400,7911958,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ensoph,"Very impressive platformer, great atmosphere, not just a typical zombie slasher."
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,211400,10934643,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fabio,"Okay, this game is GORGEOUS. The backgrounds are more detailed than 90% of big budget AAA titles. Zombies shuffle around in numbers rivaling a Dead Rising game. Hands down the best looking platformer ever made.That said...the gameplay and story bite.The writing is atrocious, and they cram tons of it down your throat with cutscenes and diary entries galore. Do yourself a big favor and don't waste time on reading the diary.The gameplay seems at first to be a tense affair as you parkour to avoid hordes of zombies. The game is at its best when you're trying to stay one step ahead of pursuing zombie packs as you vault from roof to roof. Sadly, this doesn't last long. While the game is gorgeous, it does a poor job of highlighting what you can interact with. The majority of your deaths are going to come not from challenges, but from trying to jump to a ledge, only to find that it was part of the background and not something you could grab on to.I could stil forgive that if the game was all tense zombie chases, but the entire middle third of the game shifts to an awful sewer level that serves as a literal obstacle course. Some hermit wants to see how agile you are, so he has you run through courses with wooden targets and zero zombies. You carry around a slingshot going PLINK PLINK PLINK against wooden targets that release ramps. This section lasts a good hour or more. WHO IN THE WORLD THOUGHT THIS WAS MORE FUN THAN THE ZOMBIE HORDE LEVELS? The sewers have the same amount of insane background detail as the rest of the game, so it's not even like they rushed it to lengthen the game; the same amount of effort went into creating that snoozefest portion of the game.So, that's two-thirds of the game with tense zombie chases dragged down  by falling through illusionary platforms, and one-third of the game an unredeemable boring obstacle course. The whole time you get carpal tunnel from hammerin gthe mouse button to skip the diary and story scenes. It's a darn shame because words cannot describe how gorgeous this game is. Even though Mark of the Ninja's gameplay is infinitely better, I had trouble enjoying it after this because now I expect every platformer to be this visually breathtaking."
,Recommended,211400,23269411,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ErbanVision,"There is an oversaturation in the zombie genre these days, especially in the gaming market.Sadly 90% of them suck.The good thing is that Deadlight is not in that 90%.It's not the best zombie game out there, the story/voice over are pretty average.But what you get is an interesting platformer with some great art and level design.The Campaign can last you about 7 hrs which is a decent length for a platformer.7/10 Verdict: If you need to play then Mr. Steam sale will be your friend."
,Not Recommended,211400,14568753,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,JDredd of MC1,Game started off strong but quickly became tedious. I found the game to be too much trial and error and wouldn't have minded failure resulted in something a little more dynamic regarding player deaths. I also haven't had a game infuriate me this much in a while due to some situations allowing no leeway whatsoever in regards to the starting point of a jump or when to roll. Overall I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,211400,24948887,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cam,"Okay, so where can I start?Deadlight is a beautiful 2.5 platformer game taking place in 1980's Seattle, Washington where the main character, Randall Wayne, is trying to survive and find his family.The story was something similar to a Stephen King novel with the Walking Dead (comics or TV show, take your pick) mashed into it.Despite being a beautiful game, gameplay wise. . .it is something else. Not to mention, the game will get incredibly frustrating if you are not careful (especially towards the end). The controls are alright but at times, they feel sluggish and if you slip up, try again (and again, and again. . .).I do have mixed feelings about this game but what annoyed me is that melee combat is horrific. If you swing the axe, you lose a quarter of your stamina and it takes a lot of hits to take out one zombie. Oh, and to follow up: how can a man, who seems somewhat well built and older, cannot swim at all?! Yeah, I get that he has a backpack on but FFS, he doesn't know how to swim?!Anyway, I recommend getting this game if it is discounted and you can handle some frustrating parts of the game."
76561197970952407,Not Recommended,211400,29725028,Posted: 5 February,all,chopshop,"The game started well. Good atmosphere, good visuals, and I was willing to look past the awful voice acting and give it a go.However, it soon turns into the most frustrating jumping puzzler which relies on pinpoint accuracy. Sadly the games controls/animations are very clunky and unresponsive and it becomes a tedious slog of constant reloading because the character didn't jump when you press jump, didnt roll when you press roll, or when the buttons do work the character didn't jump as far as the previous attempt, or he jumped way too far due to some wierd physics glitch.Even trying to get past the awful controls and press on through the game it has odd performance issues where the game will hitch and sometimes pause at the most inconvenient times. At first I thought it was autosaving, but the times the hitching caused death, relaoding put me further back."
,Not Recommended,211400,14528973,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,DonKilleone,"Nice idea, combining a Walking-Dead-like story with a 2D-platformer. The first act shows it can work having an alright story with a bit of mistery and a good narrator/main character. But they should have left it at that. The second act already has a dubious storyline with a repetitive try-and-error-gameplay, but the third is really awful. You have to try every section again and again to learn by heart when new scripted events like falling ceilings, shooting bad guys or even full or empty guns in your inventory (yes, that actually happens!) pop up, kind of ridiculous. Add to that the numerous collectibles like ID cards and lost pages from your own diary, that lie around everywhere and the developers have destroyed every bit of immersion they were able to create in the first act. A shame really, it started promising."
76561197970519308,Not Recommended,211400,34869051,Posted: 10 September,all,HappyDeath,"Cons:PC Controls are so bad I will not even finish this game (don't know if gamepad would be any better), I so glad I got this game on sale if I paid full price I would be very mad and ripped off!Pros:Good looking game"
,Recommended,211400,8639187,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,"A gut wrenching story of a man in denial during an zombie apocalypse searching for his wife and daughter.Set in the city of Seattle, Washingfton.Join his journey  he sets out to find the truth with many hidden memories and clues.This game again would be better suited with a controller .I was able to use my keyboard but was so out of control at times it made the puzzles very challenging and frustrating .Set in striaght forward 2D you are either moving right to left up ,down and jumping.Yet another great deal at the holiday sale made this worth a try.I unlocked the Nightmare mode which in no way will I be attemping.Many who have tried failed Ive heard or turned to cheat trainers for a price."
76561198018759539,Not Recommended,211400,23529343,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,TheAbominableDan,"This game's okay I guess. The gameplay is fine, if you don't mind dying in sections because the only way to get through is to know what's up ahead. And it is very pretty. Bu the story is pretty terrible at best. White man can't protect his women, so he is grizzled and violent and you must relate to his man pain. Fart sound.If all you care about is gameplay I guess you could do worse. If you want any sort of remotely decent story you could do much better."
76561198116683311,Recommended,211400,11100684,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,WATTBA,"A great 2D zombie apocalypse game, i never into 2D game but since is on sale so i saw why not give a try and you know i like collect game :)The game takes place in Seattle in 1986 after the near-total decimation of society following the outbreak of a virus that reanimates the dead. you main character is a middle age male name Randall Wayne, a park ranger from the town of Hope in Canada, is a survivor of the event, and has since been separated from his wife Shannon and daughter Lydia. you main mission is to find you wife and daughter however is not that easy as you go through deep inside the main storyline you will meet other stranger or i call survivor, i didnt finish the game yet but trust me i will do !!!I really love the way how the game is work, the main you focus is try to find you lost one, not killing the sh!t out of all zombie and try o be a hero which is unlick other zombie apocalypse game you got to run away from the shaDow(ZOMBIE)  other thna fight them. you do get different kind of weapon like Fire axe,Revoler,Shotgun but the ammo are limit you always got to think is their a need to kill this zombie or save it for later befroe you pull the trigger.You may think most of time 2D game is all about A W D this 3 control is dump and boring but not in Deadlight theres so many different of control, however it actually remind me alot about the flash interent game back when i was younger. Graphics is pretty smooth.Awesome 2D puzzle game worth give a go"
76561198022251786,Not Recommended,211400,33063478,Posted: 30 June,all,ThePruner,"It is a side scrolling game with the character having the following abilities:- walk / run- jump / climb- use ladders / cables- pull / push objects- use an axe for limited swings until stamina runs out (wait to refill)- use a pistol / shotgun with limited ammo and reload delayZombies or Shadows as they call them in this game, need a couple of good axe swings to fall down and a good axe finishing blow while they are still on the groun to die. Otherwise, they rise up again.Using pistol / shotgun, you need to aim for their head to kill them, otherwise you are wasting bullets.This is an OK game. Not recommending buying it unless it is on sale. why?The story is OK.The graphics are OK.The controls are BAD. For the most part the controls are OK but on those really tough parts of the game where you have to run and jump at the precise moment, climb the wall, drop the wall, etc. There are issues.The worst thing and most frustrating that this game has is that there are parts as described above that you HAVE to do everything PERFECT, timing, jumps, etc. Because the building will collapse or some other stupid reason that you can't avoid by going back or something. On top of that, most of these game sections, when you fail and die, you have to wait for the screen to turn red, then wait for the ""press any key to reload last checkpoint"" press your key, let the game load and restart but wait, it is not over yet. You have to wait every time the screen to fade-in, your character to ""wake up"" or ""walk into place"" or some like that and THEN you can actually play and retry to pass that stupid section.Most of the times, the retry attempt takes less than the actual wait-to-load-and-retry procedure.Very bad game-play-design on that part.And there are parts that you WILL fail and die and retry because the map is not always that intuitive to let you know what to do next and pass it with the first attempt.If you like frustrating games, this is for you."
,Not Recommended,211400,21715662,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Manbeast,"What starts of as an interesting survival platformer quickly dissolves into an absolute mess of a game by the second act, where it first strips you of the weapons you just learned to use and forces you to complete a set of extremely simple puzzles and plain annoying platforming sections. Afterwards you don't even get your stuff back, despite it thematically making sense that you would.The visuals and initial gameplay are very well executed, but it's not enough to give this a recommendation. The quality of the voice acting is all over the place and as I said above, the second half of the game is just frustrating instead of challenging. The gun and slingshot controls are wonky to control with a mouse.The game also starts off with 2 side-characters that you get seperated from, with no explanation of who they are, how they met or what they may have been through. When one of these characters lies dying when you find him, the game expects you to have some sort of emotional reaction. But since you know absolutely nothing about them aside from their name, you obviously don't.So no, not recomended. The puzzles are far too simple, the platforming is tedious, the story makes little sense, characters are completely forgettable, the controls are wonky and the gameplay is inconsistent.PS: 'Shadows' is a terrible name for zombies. I'm all for originality, but 'SHADOWS'?If you're going to put the most cliche video game enemies in your game anyway, you're not going to redeem it by naming them anything other than 'zombies' or 'infected'."
,Not Recommended,211400,18224729,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mega,"Hot garbage.This game's clunky, unresponsive controls are what define it. The poor story and worse voice acting are overshadowed by the ever-present fact that you're going to constantly die because of the game's terrible controls. Even the visuals that other reviews seem to be praising are console-grade mediocrity. The PC version doesn't even have graphics options. Only a single sliding quality scale. Save yourself a headache and pass on this one."
,Recommended,211400,12578907,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","Deadlight is a great little game to knock over on a weekend. It's essentially a puzzle platformer in which you have to avoid zombies and get to a safe point to meet up with your group - pretty standard zombie stuff really, but there's nothing wrong with that if it's done well and Deadlight does everything well except for voice-acting and script-writing. The motions feel fluid and nicely animated and you really get a feel for the bleak post-apocalyptic cityscape that you're traversing. The cut scenes have a nice art-style, even though they are essentially moving cut-outs with (groan-inducing) dialogue. There's a rather annoying spikey trap zone, but every good game has it's frustrating moments just to remind you that it's not all easy. Playing through Deadlight was a very pleasurable experience, and even though the dialogue was horrible I'd still recommend it. 7 out of 10, would traverse."
76561197999102269,Not Recommended,211400,29091079,Posted: 7 January,all,Akrep,"Looked fun at the beginning. The ambience, the visuals were something to feel and look at.The story is mediocre which was not surprising for side scrolling platformer zombie themed game so I won't count that as negative.Now comes the real horror: Controls!Yes, controls are really unresponsive & clunky and controlling the main character is more of a frustration than fun.There were mini puzzles and sequences of hazards where how to pass them was obvious, but controls made them a real pain. (I certainly died so many times because of that). And while talking about dying a lot of times, placement of some checkpoints are a complete disaster.You die and then repeat and repeat and repeat the same sections until you manage to pass that part of the game.There were some annoying bugs here and there as well. Things like walking a meter above a solid object in the air, falling through it at a random time... And there was a case where I opened some kind of hatch then entered through it. There was a scripted event that was supposed to shut the hatch behind me. It took place. But I was thrown to the other side of the hatch so that made further progress impossible unless I reset to last check point.Another issue was the performance, I think the game is a poorly ported from some console platform.Although my PC was well above recommended specs, I had some annoying stuttering issues in some scenes in game.Long story short: don't buy it unless there is serious sale and you are a fun of the genre."
,Recommended,211400,7862967,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"Brilliantly designed game, has a great feel to it, very dark and moody. Which fits the plot perfectly.I thought the zombie game fad was getting worse, ever since the decline of the Resident Evil series, but Deadlight brings back some light with the power of indie development.A very fun and challenging game to get into, there are a couple of frustating moments where you have to do some perfectly timed jumps, but overall it's definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,211400,25226453,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Atelier Sentô,"I've loved the splendid melancholic atmosphere of this game.Some sequences are powerful and dreamlike. You really feel that our world is ending.There are moments that break this feeling (especially when you fight against a helicopter).But, in the end, it's mostly the quiet and desperate journey of a lonely man."
76561198091433690,Recommended,211400,7949717,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,pansterg13,"Amazing graphics,super character,senasational game!!!"
76561198048974498,Recommended,211400,5389094,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,rjmacready,"Okay, before I say anything GOOD about this game let's start with the negative stuff, namely...WHEN WILL GAME DESIGNERS LEARN THAT PLAYERS DO NOT WANT TO WATCH THE SAME F-ING BIT OF DIALOGUE OR PLAY THE SAME F-ING BIT OF GAMEPLAY THEY'VE ALREADY CONQUERED FIFTEEN TIMES ALREADY, OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN?One word:  playtesters.  In more words:  of varying skill levels.  Seriously.  This is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥which makes people want to quit your game or throw their computers across the room.  Taking MINUTES to get back to the tricky bit where you last died is NOT FUN, and NOT NECESSARY.  This isn't the Playstation 1 era, people...Now onto the good stuff.  Awesome graphics, brilliant atmosphere, strong story, hilariously moody voice acting and some really, really clever puzzles make this an ALMOST great game.  Shame about the shithouse checkpointing, and the glitch which removes the sound from the cut scenes (which is annoying, but not nearly as annoying as the shortage of save points)!Apart from that...10 out of 10. So, adjusted for idiotic lack of real-world playtesting...9 out of 10.  Yes, it's THAT aggravating.Verdict: 9/10."
,Recommended,211400,26399830,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,TeamA99E,Great indie zombie game! also love the art style on a post-apocalyptic world.the scenery is amazing!
76561198128779448,Recommended,211400,11959170,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,WestieBeast,"I have to say that THIS game was one of the BEST games I have played in a while even though I sweared alot,I MEAN alot because some parts of the game where hard for me to complete.With its great story for me atleast,just to make that clear for all the others who don't agree,and with its great visuals the game is a 10/10.I have to add that the game has some bugs for instance I couldn't hear the dialog once.But it didn't ruin the whole atmosphere.I would recommend this game to everywhone who likes games with a zombie apocalypse theme.I enjoyed it alot and I am sure you will too."
,Recommended,211400,506244,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Steppenwolf,"While I'm not a big fan of 'side-scroller' I loved Trine (1 and 2). So I thought I could give this one also a try.And what should I say: it is good, really good. The story is good (for a 'zombie game'), the graphics and visual effects are really impressive and the controls are easy to learn and to master.There are only two small flaws: the not perfect control recognition is sometimes a bit frustrating and the game is a bit short."
76561198018211858,Recommended,211400,8687296,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,[K.I.] Rodss,"There are two things on everyone’s minds when it comes to zombie games. Is either going to be a delightful gore fest with pure “kill everything that moves” mechanics, or a survival low pace experience with a big world to explore and bake beans to collect. When you first see Deadlight you might think that this is not an exception if you see the post-apocalyptic setting, character layout and the zombies, but at the same time is a 2D puzzle side scrolling. But it can embrace those factors and go more than just that, taking the whole kill stuff, oh god I am being overrun, to another perspective.The game takes place in the post-apocalyptic Seattle when the site gets invaded by zombies. The story doesn’t touch the theme of how this happen until you go to a certain location in the game, so you will mostly uncovered through collectables notes from Randall´s diary, which by the way is the guy who you will play at. He gets separated from his surviving friends after a zombie attack, being the main mission to reunite with them as well as to find his missing family that he lost track of. The plot seems solid at the beginning, as Randall progress he also encounter other threats and revelations that you might not see coming. Problem is that it gets so complicated that in the final stage of the story it all can end in a blind, you will be left with quite some doubts about why this may come to that. Above all this, story is strong enough to bring pace and for you to continue through it.So what genre is this? Well don’t get confuse, this is still merely a 2D puzzle platform just like Limbo. The difference is that the challenge that you will encounter is how to evade the zombies (or Shadows as they call them) on each stage and that’s when the level design really shines. You are going to be moving boxes, jump fences, move through houses, electrify stuff around, climb buildings and drop buildings, in order to reach your objectives. The game take place in 3 big areas, some of them are more action packed and some more puzzle base, making the journey less repetitive than just run for zombies or move tramps. That is not only the game´s focus, you will have to kill the infected shadows allow the way if you want to reach the end of the game. Luckily Randall count with melee weapons as well as handguns and shotguns, but with limited ammo and a not very accurate combat system, it may not be a good idea to just fight your way through. Is this combination of elements between levels that make you solve how to avoid the zombies, and waste the less amount of ammo and health as possible feeling like is just the right time in the right moment (obviously since is design as a puzzle solver) without losing pace that this is an apocalyptic adventure.Now in terms of graphics and music, you’re looking at a gorgeous game full of lights and rich art environment, using the 3d base unreal engine in combination with 2d environment, just a charm for the eye, but you will see most of the characters in black as they are simulated to look in the darkness with the sun in the far end of the map (except for the maps that are on the subway or in deep close rooms). The cut scenes are made with standard animation and a particular illustration that give essence to the invasion theme. Now all this really made the tittles game some name, but sometimes you will get confuse by the perspective and the fact that almost everything is dark (again because of the sun position). For example you may think that you can jump to a crate but really the crate is just part of the environment, since you are in one different layer, same goes for the zombies, items and platforms, they can be on your layer or on a background one.In terms of sound the game also shines, just the right effect that you want to heard every time you slash a zombie, or shoot it, making that satisfaction gratifying for the gore fans, other sound like objects falling off the building or windows breaking give the levels the feeling that the game wants you to take it for, follow by low calm music. So overall in terms of sound and visual effects the game doesn’t let down (unless you count the lack of PC graphic settings).So in short lines, we have a puzzle base platformer in which you survive by killing the less amounts of zombies possible or avoid them completely, with the solid objective of finding your family and uncover one or two dark little secret that kind of cause this whole mess.  Despite some perspective problems, glitches and some level design decisions (may even include tediousness of the checkpoints), you got yourself an existing survival theme platformer that will consume 4 to 6 hours. A good purchase for the survival and 2d platform fan."
,Not Recommended,211400,31761895,Posted: 14 May,all,composersproxy,"I really wanted to like this game. I bought it because I loved the art direction, and I still love the art direction! However, that's about all this game has going for it. It's not humorously bad, it's not over-the-top bad, it's just mediocre.Deadlight isn't horribly glitchy in terms of gameplay, which is a godsend in platformers. However, there were several unfair jumps, namely the ones that involved moving crates so that you could create your own platforms. I had to retry those jumps quite a few times to get them to work. Luckily, this game saves frequently and wastes no time in letting you retry parts that you might be stuck on.The story isn't anything special - it's standard post-apocalypse fare, really. There are some moments that try to be emotional, but they're not particularly effective. It's all a bit cliche. Heck, I finished the game yesterday, but I already forgot the main character's name.This game is only a few hours long, so you'd think pacing problems would be avoided. However, the middle section of the game drags on for too long and ultimately feels irrelevant to the main plot.All in all, this game isn't HORRIBLE, but there are definitely better games to spend your money on. I would pass on this if you're strapped for cash. 2/5 stars."
,Recommended,211400,12851489,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Ikhernofret,"Great game if you get it on discount. The only con with this game it's very short, that's why don't pick it up on full retail price. Unlocked all achievements except finishing the game in nightmare mode in 8 hours."
76561197973580984,Not Recommended,211400,34730965,Posted: 4 September,all,CRiTiK4L,An exercise in frustration.Pros:+Good Graphics+Atmosphere+Rush sequencesCons:-Jack-in-the-box deaths-Frustrating sequences-under-utilized gunplay-Wierd ending (& a bit silly)This game had potential but ultimately looses out owing to medicore gameplay and frustrating deaths.Sill needed = 2/10.Patience needed = 10/10
,Not Recommended,211400,10926138,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SirMik,"Finicky, awful platforming. Repetitive gameplay. Substandard plot. A main character who I couldn't care less about. And an ending that seriously left me mouth-agape saying, ""Wait, that's it?"" This game could have been so much better. I WANTED to like this game.Unless you really, REALLY want to buy this game, just find a Let's Play and watch it instead. You'd be better off."
,Not Recommended,211400,23709911,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ＫＩＲＯＨＲＡＹ,"WOW,  bug/control fixes for only 19,99€!!"
,Recommended,211400,11904422,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Mighty Joe,"Okay, I'm writing this review because the game is currently on the cheap right now, but if you want it and miss it this time, my review will be out there for the next sale. Don't get this game unless you get it really cheap: $3-5 U.S. tops. I'm running this review off of my memories of playing the game several months ago. It definitely left an impression, so let's get on with it.I'm not writing a really long review this time. Just the basics. It's pretty simple really. Deadlight is an atmospheric side-scroller. You have obstacles in the form of environmental hazards, zombies, unfriendlies, and, of course, obstacles which you must hurdle, climb, dodge, slide past, leap, and time to avoid/survive. There is a very loose storyline that is way too predictable, so if that matters to you, you may just want to skip it. The graphics/atmosphere are actually okay for what it is. Overall the game is a pretty typical side-scrolling platformer, but there are a few pleasant surprises and only a few irritatingly, mind-numbingly, platformer-typical moments of inane aim-twitch-jerk-with-just-the-right-timing @55hat-ery/@55clown-ery. Some odd bits are thrown in for flavor, but mostly I found these elements annoying and distracting from what the game does well. It's almost a runner, somewhat parkour, somewhat zombie survival, with moments dedicated to each of these elements. Think post-apocalyptic urban Indiana Jones/ninja and you might be getting close to the feel of this game. Some elements are too trite and stereotypical to the genre, and there is very little replay value, BUT for a few hours of pleasant distraction it's decent. I recommend it; just don't spend more than what you'd pay for an okay cup of coffee and you'll be alright. And that's about what it's worth to me, a decent cup of coffee: not great, not awesome, but pleasant enough for the short time you spend with it, and it will pump you up a bit, but not too too much. And, although it should pleasantly distract you for considerably longer than that cup, at least you won't have to worry about it getting cold before you've finished with it."
,Not Recommended,211400,8831608,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Young Steev,"Deadlight has all the tools to make it a great game, beautiful graphics, fast paced platforming and exploration elements and the tension of a zombie outbreak that seems to constantly be on your tail. Unfortunately, the clunky control scheme will have you failing simple jumps, dying over simple mistakes and being ripped apart by zombies quite regularly. For a story based platformer, I didn't find myself rooting for the hero or even care about his companions, especially when each of them seems to have a shorter life expectancy than a femal black stoner in a horror film. When you finally do keep a companion alive what results is one of the most frustrating escort quests in any game, where a fast paced ""chase sequence"" is jarringly broken over and over again while you stop to open doors or help your otherwise useless companion up ledges.That's one of the fundamental problems with this game - it's poor pacing and direction. Sections where you would surely be making a quick escape are full of jarring climbing sections that you seem to take at a rather sedate pace, utterly destroying any tension. There are a few headscratching puzzles that are genuinely fun to solve, and larger open areas that are basically big obstacle courses, but they're so few and far between that the constant running from room to room will eventually become dull. As well as that the pretty graphics, this game's saving grace, quite often clutter the screen making it difficult to determine where you're meant to go.To sum up, Deadlight is a good idea, it just isn't fun due mainly to poor pacing and slack controls, something that's unforgiveable for a platformer, and proves that good graphics do not make a good game. It's not the worst zombie based game I've ever played (that accolade goes to Trapped Dead), but I wouldn't rate it much higher.3/10Context - 2Challenge - 4Catharsis - 3"
,Not Recommended,211400,7745865,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MoshPete,"I was very excited about the game, because I liked the theme and the idea of a side scrolling survival game, but the controls messed up the whole experience for me, because of their irresponsiveness and wierd clunkieness, which turn the platforming parts into a extemely frustrating endeavor..."
,Recommended,211400,3301545,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,squidward,"Even though it is a platformer; if you like games like ""The Walikng Dead"", buy this!"
,Recommended,211400,972367,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Hitchet,Powerful dramatic story and beautiful stylish graphics. Incredible and unique platformer. Must have!9/10
76561197969116296,Not Recommended,211400,13727771,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,jammin8317,I really wanted to like this game... the art style is great. Its gritty downtrodden look is amazing. The story in the beginning was pretty interesting. Then you start playing the game. A good chunk of the game is nothing more than instant deaths that you couldnt see coming or deaths that require very accurate timing but are marred by a slight delay in controller to movement time. Mix that with the fact that you can be bombarded with shadows (zombies) and have to be in an exact place to jump onto platforms and you can find it infuriating.... That and the times when the game takes your weapons away and then doesnt tell you that you got it back until some arbitrary time can leave you dying and reloading trying to figure out how to get somewhere... It had great potential but in my opinion falls flat on its face...
,Recommended,211400,4749340,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,NO GRIMS - CONTRACT RUN,"This isn't a recommendation, but a warning: Do NOT buy this on PC. The game itself is good, but this is the worst port since Dark Souls. If possible, buy it for a console you may own. There's no audio during cutscenes, and the process to getting said audio is ridiculous. That's not even the worst part: When I tried to exit out of the game, it froze my PC for about 5 minutes, and when my PC finally broke out, it CRASHED MY DISPLAY DRIVER, causing my poor innocent PC to go through a lengthy systems check process to make sure everything was okay.So be warned: Buy this for a console, or tell your PC to prepare its♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198044258778,Recommended,211400,13799075,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Paperinukke,"Deadlight is a 2.5D sidescroller game which takes place in a typical zombie apocalypse world where ""shadows"" (as the people in the game call zombies) have taken over all the major cities. The idea of the game is admirable - a zombie platformer - but that idea can't carry the whole game when the story is very mediocre at its best and the clunky controls cause occasional frustration, not mentioning how campy most of the voice actors sound. Also it lasts barely three hours and there even is one 30 minutes lasting part which is completely pointless and out of place, something what the creators should have cut out before the final version of the game and replace it with actually a relevant sequence. So why do I recommend this after all these negative things? Deadlight's graphics look great considering it's a sidescroller game, and some scenes are really enjoyable when the controls and the story's lousy writing aren't bothering you. You could spend your two hours in a worse way than playing this game. The main point is the price of Deadlight: if you can buy it with some pocket change, go for it, especially if you're always ready for another zombie adventure. At full price? Not worth it.*After you finish the game a difficulty mode called ""Nightmare mode"" unlocks, urging you to repeat the game. It contains an alternative ending, but I didn't feel like wanting to play the game again any time soon so I watched it on YouTube. I prefer it to the original ending, so if you want to experience Deadlight again with a better ending you should, or you can just do as I did."
76561198027914508,Recommended,211400,3830909,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,-GerR-Sleipnir,"Mit abstand das beste side-scroller spiel das es zur zeit auf dem markt gibt. Eine gelungene endzeit atmosphäre gepaart mit einer netten story, welche es aber schon oft gab: ""hauptperson wacht auf, hat keine erinnerungen und sucht familie"".Allerdings findet man im laufe der zeit tagebuch einträge von randall, mithilfe denen man die story noch besser nachvollziehen kann.Schade das zwischensequenzen in form von zeichnungen gezeigt werden, ich bevorzuge richtige videos.Die kampagne ist aber recht schnell durch, weshalb ich für den kauf gern auf einen der steam sales verweise."
,Recommended,211400,7554340,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Nancy,"Визуально приятная история о поиске своего собственного я) Вот только очень короткая, безумно короткая, но ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ски притягательная)))"
,Recommended,211400,5129939,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,ϟ Gonza ϟ,"Una especie de Flashback con principe de percia , pero con zombis ! muy bueno ."
76561197974636384,Recommended,211400,26027552,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sgt.Elias,I loved this game. There seems to be a HD Version out of it by now - but comments are rather bad so I didnt check that one out. But the original was awesome and I´ll surely play it several more times. Really awesome. There are some ppl complaining about control issues - I had none of them. So - no idea what they are complaining about. Cant say enough how much i liked the game. :-)
76561198160517883,Not Recommended,211400,13797051,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,489489489489498498,"I have to say that this game was a little disappointment to me.+ Decent graphics.+ Nice environment.+ Collectibles/Secrets.- Bugs. (Zombies, aka Shadows falling from the map.)- Controls messed up. (Character moving and climbing without pressing any button.)- Annoying Followers...  (Simply behave like they have no brains and just die for no reason, therefore you have to restart.)- Short. ( I have 4 hours of gameplay and I was able to complete everything on the game, including the collectibles.)- Lack of story, so many questions left unanswered, many things that make no sense...+/- Alternative ending. (It's + because it's good to have a different ending, it's also a - because it's even worse... )I can only recommend this game if it's on sale, cause it's not worth the full price.Remember this is just my opinion, some of my (+) can be a (-) to you and viceversa. It depends from player to player.Also I'm sorry for my English. (I'm Portuguese).Hope my review was helpful to you! :D"
76561198037642186,Recommended,211400,7857887,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jessica Rushie,"This game is the best platformer game i have ever played.It is a bit cheesy and sometimes you wonder what the Frik you have to do, but it is well worth buying, i have played through it a few times now and i will still play it again some day soon as there is a ending i have not seen yet.I recommend you use a XboX360 Joypad, it works alot better then the Keyboard for this game."
,Recommended,211400,15823930,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Akiran Hachirou,"Side scroll made with Unreal Engine beautiful from start to finish. History is a ♥♥♥♥ing cliché of♥♥♥♥♥♥ which means that it is nothing of the other world; however, beautifully visually and with a masterful soundtrack."
,Recommended,211400,31640980,Posted: 8 May,all,runeank,"Deadlight is a relatively short platformer where you have to survive as Randal in a disturbing world filled with Zombies that are both ""slow"" and fast , but not exactly smart.It is relatively entertaining but once you have mastered it you will probably not be back. Story is okayish and have a few interesting points...If you pick it up for a few dollars or get it free it's definitely worth playing through.I'd give it an 6.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,211400,11676747,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,.: D :.,"Oh NO! another zombie outbreak game! RUN!!!... quite interesting game to play as this is a 2D side-scroller with a pretty good designed world where this story making the experience even better while you go through the different scenarios the game gives you along the story filled with a lot of adrenaline.The story takes place in Seattle after a near-total decimation of society following the zombie outbreak. You as Randall Wayne, a park ranger from the town of Hope in Canada are a survivor of the event and arrived to Seattle because of reports of the last ""Safe point"" you will help Randall find out if his wife and daughter are in such place. The rest if for you to discover as I do not wish to spoil it for you.Controls are simple and it takes some time to get used to them, but once you have it becomes easy to navigate through the world (not sure, how user-friendly the keyboard and mouse setup is, as I played with a controller). Graphic wise the game is pretty descent and music is really good, quite often gives an extra touch when you are running from the lovely zombies.If you like to help Randall find out what happened to his wife and daughter, well... what are you waiting for? go get this game! (and better if you get it on sale)..."
,Recommended,211400,33457760,Posted: 11 July,all,Phantom Renegade,"Decent platformer.Deadlight is an above-average platforming game. While it does offer something new in the ""zombies"" genre in games, it doesn't offer anything new or revolutionary to games in general.Interesting storytelling though, but just 3 hours worth of gameplay. I think that's actually for the better. There isn't a lot to offer with a model like this, so the length was just right in my opinion.I recommend getting it on a sale.Don't expect anything new if you have played other side-scrolling platformers and the game might be fun enough for you. Do get the game if you like post-apocalyptic story telling. It's not anything amazing but it's still pretty good."
,Not Recommended,211400,10441494,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Vajgl,"Měl jsem vysoký očekávání a byl jsem zklamán.1) Princip 2,5D nefunguje - využívají ho zombies, ale hráč ne2) Linearita - pro účely vyprávění příběhu a navození atmosféry je tu ""koridor"" výjimečně úzký. Není to nutně špatná věc, ale např. i v Super Mariu byly okliky a do cíle šlo dojít třeba alespoň dvěma cestami.Tohle se skutečně hraje jakohttp://www.bushmackel.com/pics/guitar_hero_3_b.gif(guitar hero)3) Nevyužitej potenciál zbraní - tady to mohli podle mě zachránit, kdyby se víc střílelo, ale zbraní a nábojů je málo. Proč?Je to přece zombie apokalypsa doprkynka!! Když se najde 10 nábojů, je jistý, že přijde 2-3 zombíků. Když se pak někde v polovině začne hráčům hromadit střelivo, přijde dramatická cut-scéna, a o zbraně přijdeme  (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
76561197971724802,Recommended,211400,29364715,Posted: 19 January,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Deadlightis a side-scrolling 2D platformer that follows on from the severed lineage ofPrince of Persia, Another WorldandFlashback, casting you as survivor Randall Wayne as he picks his way through the debris of a ruined mid-'80s Seattle and through the fragments of his own shattered memory.The visual direction sets an appropriate bleak tone for this tale.  Dream sequences and flashbacks are depicted with bright, vibrant colors to contrast the darker palette used during the actual gameplay.Fighting plays a minor role inDeadlight.  Randall is not a solider or superhero, he is an average Joe trying to survive a catastrophe that brought civilization to the brink of destruction.  He is able to grapple away from a shadow’s grasp and if he has a gun or ax he can send them back to their graves.  If he tries to take on a large horde of shadows with a pistol or fireman’s ax the endeavor will not end well for him.It combines classic puzzle platforming fun with an artistic direction and story that is able to create a bleak atmosphere.Deadlightworks, its doing enough to make sure that it feels fresh.7/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY |GOOD| GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Not Recommended,211400,14014378,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ichirokuramen,"This game was OKAY.  The art and story was great but the control sucks a lot. ;1)You are running (shift) , then it says (PRESS CTRL TO ROLL).  How's that? and the only functional CTRL is the left one.Eventhough the mapping can be changed, but still it doesnt feel confortable to go through the game with keyboard.2) I just hate the death scenes , it just turned to red and asks you to press a button to load to the last checkpoint? Is it that necessary? You are gonna die so many times and why do you need to press a button to load? The loading screen afterdeath itself is kinda long.3) The voice acting sucks. The main character voice has almost the same tone and expression on everything. Even the dialogue isnt convincing.You'd be playing this game just to finish it not to explore it as the surrounding is limited ; you just have to follow the story. So, im not gonna recommend this game on pc, but for console, MAYBE."
,Recommended,211400,8513651,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,dnwass,"This game is so much fun! As the professional reviews say, it adds something to the Zombie genre that hasn't been done before. It takes you through the story of a man's experience in a zombie apocalypse and you progress through completing platformed puzzles. It's a great adventure game that is definitely worth the run through!"
76561198070013092,Recommended,211400,12333284,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Danny,"+ Art direction is magnificent+ Aesthetically pleasing to the eye+ Satisfying zombie actionAtmosphere: graphics, sound, music: everything is chosen very carefully in order to create this amazing post-apocalyptic world. Without a doubt the best part about Deadlight."
,Recommended,211400,9406429,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Visuals and art style are beautiful for a platformer+ Atmosphere is well-done+ Journal entries and flashbacks were enjoyable+ Mechanics and movement felt solid+ Collectibles were enjoyable to collect- Very short game- Voice acting isn't terrible, but I wasn't impressed- Underground, sewer section of the game felt out-of-place and definitely broke immersion- Absolutely riddled with zombie cliches, and it gets pretty annoyingLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,211400,7747459,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Metalmurphy,"Terrible voice acting in a typical zombie apocalypse story.It's not a terrible game, it can actually be enjoyable at times, but it does have some control issues that at times will make you hate it.Buy it if it's cheap."
,Recommended,211400,8587943,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,XSHAFT10,Amazing zombie adventure game but also frustrating sometimes. Solid 8/10! totally worth buying for those who crave for some indie-like arcade game with amazing graphics
,Recommended,211400,8584311,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Vulpin,"Story driven games are fuel for all that machinery that keeps me smiling while playing. Or staring with wide open eyes when there is no aura for a smile. Deadlight doesn't make me smile or stare with awe.Visuals are beautiful and stunning. Narrative voice is charismatic and good to listen. And zombies. And... That's it.Mechanics is simple, way too simple. Additionally it is irritating and buggy. The story that should be another first squad player in this type of game is again too simple, boring, disappointing and I must force myself to finish it. I am not afraid, curious or sad with all that is happening in the Deadlight. And I should (and I am not any robotic creature in case you got that impression from 'machinery' thing in the very first sentence). Although ending is quite dramatic and full of tension it doesn't make up for the whole game. The same is music - I've noticed it on credits screen. And last nail: Deadlight is the worst optimized game I've played in a very long time. My fantastic ultrabook with i7 on board and hd 4000 chuckles heavily.Lost potential, but still a unique game in its genre. Wait for a discount and give it a try. There are not many alternatives and the Deadlight kinda shines. Recommendation for that unpolished gem.PS There are 'making of' videos available, in Extras section when you finish the game. As this is my favorite 'extra' in every game (yeah... watching other ppl working) I recommend them heartily."
,Recommended,211400,7758484,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pop_Eye,"This is a Very Good Example of what you can do with the right art/sound department, a visual delight with a compelling storyline. I Love Games like these."
,Not Recommended,211400,9947823,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Tellan,"Deadlight visuals, atmosphere and level design are the best parts of the game. However the games takes a weird drop with it movement and storytelling. Some level are frustration because of this movement mechanics. Not everyone will have problems with movement and like mention some levels are diffcult.Deadlight Story is decent at the beginning, as the player follow the story longer, the story only gets more confusing and start to lose interest and nearing the ending, dam cheated!. The items around environments have story elements explaining how the event occurs, but finding these elements too took sometime. Speaking of time it short! Very short! Even repeating some levels and finding the collectables. it stand in at 4 hoursWell those a discount justified the game? Well I bought it at a discounts, I feel somewhat whiny but at same time cheated by the game. In conclusion, buy it for visuals."
,Not Recommended,211400,23642496,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,fail2ban,"What a horrible game this is. Frustrating, repeating sequences you've been thrown into, because it looks like the game designers do not want you to make certain sequences at the first time. That's why you'll need to start over a scene again, including the cutscene in the beginning. This and the lousy gameplay is even more frustrating. Sometimes it takes a while for the game to understand what you wanted once you hit a button on the controller. The story itself is kinda boring, I was never really captivated. Thx god the game is so short that it was over fast enough."
76561197969652432,Not Recommended,211400,25434891,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Martson,"Great graphics and art direction. Terrible controls. The story was alright, but the dialog was awful."
76561198097967398,Not Recommended,211400,23639692,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bosanceros,"Don't buy this game.I got this quite cheaply on a steam sale a while back, and I definitely don't recommend this game.Here's why:It hardly does anything to innovate, the gameplay mechanics are way too simple, you can walk, jump and every so often use a weapon which is extremely ineffective. Other than that, they don't do anything original whatsoever. The game is based around a double-clichéd story. A world invested with zombies after a catastrophic event and a man trying to find his family in the chaos. Unfortunately, they don't give propper background for the story which makes it confusing at best. As for the protagonist, you can hardly make an emotional connection, the voice acting is great but the writing is poor. The controls are quite clumsy too, although I didn't try a controller, the mouse and keyboard controls are uneasy. This often leads to very frustrating deaths. The game is packed with puzzles, but often they don't give any hints on how to solve them, or the hints are too obvious removing any form of challenge. The puzzles are not very innovative either, just boring find a way to get to the other side of 'object X'. It runs pretty smoothly and the visuals are not bad, especially the shadows look quite nice, but then again, it's just a 2D game. The maps are pretty simple too and you're never in the same place for very long in order to enjoy the view. Then lastly, the game is really short, so you can't really connect to it and by the time you get familiar with the game you're alreay halfway trough. You can beat it in under 5 hours. And there are no optional objectives or any collectibles interesting enough to strech your game length. Just the linear stroyline. Perhaps, had it been a bit more interesting, or had there been a co-op mode I could have recommended this game. But, as it is, this game is so incredibly mediocre it's actually bad. I'm not just bashing on this game because I hate it. I tried to enjoy it multiple times, and at first it was really charming, but eventually it gets so dull you don't have the motivation to keep on playing. I tried to write a review as objective as possible, and therefore I definitely think you should not waste your money or time on this."
76561198065939257,Recommended,211400,8052287,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,UaeGentleman,Amazing game
,Not Recommended,211400,24871652,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"This game can be fun at first, but after I got a little over half way through it I had had enough of its problems. One big problem that tons of people have, myself included, is that there is no sound during cutscenes. I mean there is sometimes, in about 10% of them. The rest of the time they start out with one second of sound then it goes silent, or there just isn't any sound at all. The game's biggest asset is graphics. It looks great, especially the backgrounds. But after not playing the game for over a year and thinking ""why haven't I played this in a year but still have it installed"" I quickly remembered why.Despite its presentation and marketing, it is not a zombie game or a survival game. It is a pure platformer and the platforming often isn't very good. You constantly die from dropping too far, missing a jump, not doing something in time, not parkouring right because of sluggish controls, dying because of being control-locked after breaking free from a zombie which causes being unavoidably chain hit into death, or running into a purposely designed death trap put there to get 100% of players on the first try. If not dying, I'm always trying to figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm supposed to do next. That's another big problem for me when I play, Just about every new area I come to has me having to jump around and wonder what the ♥♥♥♥ I am supposed to do. It doesn't ever take long to figure out, it is just incredibly irritating because once I figure it out it's like are you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kidding me that's all I had to do? But that's just the way the game is designed; half bad platforming half bad puzzles. I mean puzzle action games like Trine are great, but in this game the best way to describe it is like I said, very irritating.Melee combat sucks too. You run out of stamina from swinging an axe maybe six or seven times at most, which is very ill conceived because if your guy has enough body strength training to parkour impossibly like he is in Assassin's Creed, why can't he swing an axe more than a few times? I'm in terrible shape and I could swing an axe more times than that without becoming tired, especially if my life was at stake in a zombie apocalypse with zombies coming at me. Either way, melee combat is just sluggish and slow and axe swings can and will leave you open to being hit or grabbed even with plenty of stamina.The last and biggest flaw for me was how like I said if you get grabbed by a zombie and have to press the button a few times to get loose, when you get loose your controls are locked for a brief moment and your guy just stands there allowing another zombie to hit him or latch on. It can put you into a unavoidable chain of hits that leads to a quick death. Oh and the game sometimes has p-ss poor checkpointing.It feels like a 7/10 game hiding behind a 5/10 game5/10"
76561198068898733,Not Recommended,211400,10912620,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Deadpan Serious,"i saw it get praised quite a lot for an indie 2D platformer, in a 3D looking vibrant world. bought it today at the sale. i played through it in one sitting (no idea how long, i can last hours), which is both good and bad. it's short, but i also enjoyed it enough to play it through.however, nothing about it makes me happy i played it. dialogue is bad, voice acting is bad, plot is complete trite, combat mechanics are ok-ish...just button mashing for the most part, and platforming was...well pretty good, but had some problems, like making you rely on trial and error too much at times. can't shoot a window from one side, don't forget to try it from behind. nothing about any of it was original in any way, nor clever or well executed.i unlocked hardcore mode by finishing the game, but i don't care to play it again. short game with no replay value and no memorable moments at all.it has a certain charm, the visuals use depth well, and the world does really feel populated by zombies. and they are proper zombies: individually weak, but dangerous in groups; stupid but not too stupid and all that. it's worth the time it takes to play, but you could probably spend your money better."
76561197961153586,Not Recommended,211400,9598713,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Eddie Van Blundht,"Verdict: waste of money and more importantly a waste of your time.  Possibly the most frustrating and disappointing game I've ever played.  Cannot recommend due to god awful controls and ""trial and error"" gameplay.  I swear the devs made this game just to watch me play and then laugh every time they trick me.  Much of the game you will have to die first, then figure out how not to die the next time.  Controls (using a gamepad) are downright sloppy, inconsistent and unpredictable.  Sometimes control is yanked right out of your hands for no good reason (like when you get the shotgun).  Minor bugs like pushing esc or start and having the game freeze up for 30 seconds while the menu loads only add to my frustration.  Plus the checkpoint system is ludicrous, dying/reloading takes forever and its just not FUN to die.  I say that after playing hotline miami, where I never felt like dying was cheap.The thing is, its a very good looking platformer, in a very good environment and a decent backstory.  And the first 20-30 minutes was really cool.  But its horrible as a platformer, and all that artwork and atmosphere is wasted on frustrating gameplay."
,Not Recommended,211400,23691698,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,sXe,No upgrade to new version of the same game. They basically charging customers for patches. Shame.
,Not Recommended,211400,7757858,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Lock,"This is not a good game.  Far too many aspects are frustrating or badly designed for it to be worth any of your time or money.  If you need further persuasion than that - read on:I bought and played this game after watching the trailer - and for what it shows it's accurate enough.  Parts of the game do look stylishly good and there are some free-running sections which work well and are even exhilerating.  But in almost every other aspect the game falls flat - and is on the whole entirely frustrating.The story is abysmal - punctuated by truly horrible voice acting that will make you cringe and which is, for the most part, unskippable.  Additionally you are likely, even certain, to be forced to relisten to this terrible dialogue due to the checkpoint system and the game's mechanic of progression through death (or just plain old bugs).  On many occasions there will be no way to know that an upcoming location is deadly until you step into it - and you will have to repeat lengthy sections through no fault of your own.  This will get very old very quickly.  Especially in locations where the finicky and unreliable fence-climbing controls will lead to your demise right at the end of a section that you're now replaying for the fifth time.There is no aspect of inventory / ammunition management or conservation as you will be given all the ammunition you need directly before you need it.  Find a box of shotgun shells? Zombie hoard dead ahead. Two bullets? Lonely zombie coming up.  Any ammunition you bother to save will periodically and suddently be taken from you by ""plot developments"".The only redeeming feature is that it ends very quickly and suddently.Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,211400,113767,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,Blimburn™,"I AM LOVING THIS GAME AT THE MOMENT..IT'S A BIT TOUGH BUT THATS THE FUN OF IT.IT HAS ZOMBIES, SO FOR THE ZOMBIE LOVING ZOMBIE LOVERS ITS ZOMBIELICIOUS....;  )"
,Recommended,211400,13069368,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,exequielc,it's basically a game that you must play. the story is a little short but you will enjoy every minute.
76561198006541362,Recommended,211400,17966735,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,stranger1982,"As Randall Wayne you're a survivor in a world decimated by Shadows (basically zombies), barely surviving with a small group of people in Seattle. You're suddendly separated and embark on a journey to find what happened to them and with hope to also find your wife and daughter amidst the chaos.Deadlight is an ok platformer with a simple yet intriguing storyline and great atmosphere: it's a shame that it tries, sometimes succeeding, to ruin your fun with awkward controls and some frustrating sections.PROS:-good graphics and art style showing a destroyed Seattle, the areas you'll explore and the background scenery are truly bleak and beautiful in their own way-good soundtrack-the voice acting is pretty good especially on the main character-Randall Wayne is a well-written main character, a man stopping at nothing to survive while also being haunted by its past-the zombies are actually menacing and very dangerous (in part, sadly, due to the awkward controls)-decent plot with a good ending section: there's also an alternative ending- unlocked by beating the atrocious Nightmare mode- that gives you a different take on the events of the game, I recommend you look it up on Youtube once you've finished the gameCONS:-controls are sometimes unresponsive or extremely finicky, grappling a ledge or a ladder won't work properly unless you're positioned exactly right next to it, sometimes it'll take a split second too long to actually start jumping or running- due to delay in controls- and this'd easily spell your doom-combat is so-so as firearms work well enough but melee combat is overly random: sometimes you'll decapitate or trip a zombie with a single hit while other fights see you bashing their heads repeatedly with little to no effect before getting overwhelmed and eaten-some levels delve into trial and error affairs requiring you to memorize the whole sequence while also hoping the controls won't let you down: this isn't fun and can get frustrating-Nightmare mode, where the game saves only at the beginning of each Act, is an asinine proposition considering you can often die due to unresponsive controls-some assorted bugs due to it being a lazy port such as framerate drops, the game hanging and sometimes crashing while trying to access the start menu etc...some of those can be solved through workarounds posted on the forums but it's unacceptable nonetheless-pretty short and linear, no real replay valuehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=515362638Deadlight does as many things right as it does wrong...the unresponsive and sometimes buggy controls, paired with some overly difficult sections, can really get in the way of your fun: this gets very clear during the second half of the game, with a few acts sporting truly annoying scenes where a single mistake or bug in the controls will see you die. Thankfully there's always a checkpoint near so you won't be losing much progress and it's not as bad as some reviews make it out to be, even though I'm not really into the genre I managed to get through said sections in a few tries.While dodgy controls in a platformer are an unforgivable sin the game does manage to pull itself through thanks to a story that, while surely full of survival/ zombie cliches, is quite engaging and features a few twists to keep you interested. There's also a great atmosphere to be found in the game's bleak graphics, Seattle is truly a zombie infested ruin with abandoned vehicles, crumbling walls and corpses everywhere. Last but not least Randall was an enjoyable character to control with a strong voice acting and an interesting take on things through both its thoughts and diary pages.Deadlight is a decent game overall if you can be patient with its obvious shortcomings and I feel it's worth a playthrough for any zombie fan: do not buy at full price though since it's simply not worth that much, wait for the big sales where it's under the 2$ mark."
,Recommended,211400,7856536,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shim,"Great graphics, story and level design. Just the right amount and difficulty of puzzles. The learning curve is also well done. It's a fairly short game, but thanks to this I managed to complete it, unlike most of my games...Definitely worth the money!"
,Recommended,211400,7881464,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dr Whistler,"Good story, nice visuals. A fun 2D sidescrolling gameplay."
,Recommended,211400,8581565,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Stupidome,"Good fun game, graphics look good en puzzles are nice. Bad things are it is a bit repetitive and controls are slow at crucial times."
,Recommended,211400,1400765,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,Blood_Wraith,SUPER DARK SIDESCROLLER/PLATFORMER WITH ZOMBIES AND (SOME?) PUZZLES AND GLITCHED OUT AUDIO DURING CUTSCENES!7.5/OUTTATEN
76561198008721081,Recommended,211400,7817866,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mrogan,"Wow. This game just. It takes a simple premise and makes it so much more. It really doesn't have the MOST innovative things; it has zombies (shadows) platforming, white male main character searching for his family trying to survive, but the way it puts everything together is more enjoyable than two puppies cuddling on top of you. Take my word for it"
76561198038371482,Recommended,211400,4514489,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Rat 13,Nice one. Sorta like Oddworld and I'm still alive combined.
76561198141020558,Recommended,211400,12808227,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bo,"This game is pretty fun, but once you really start enjoying it, it is already over. I was really hoping for there to be more and the ending was quite sudden as if the game was unfinished. You could tell the game was ending by the gameplay change though. Another negative thing other than what I have just mentioned is the ""Nightmare Mode"", where you play the game over and it only checkpoints at the end of chapters making it harder to complete. Could they not have made an extra playthrough rather than something that probably no one would even care about. There just needs to be more, there was way too little for such a good game.All of this being said, I do still recommend it, but maybe the price needs to be cut for how little there really was."
,Recommended,211400,16899951,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Junkipii,"Even though the game was short, it was good and interesting."
,Recommended,211400,8609623,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,VooDoo,"Graphic style of Deadlight is awesome, thats the reason why i bought it and it wasn't mistake. Good story, awesome graphics and pleasant gameplays makes this game worth every coin i paid."
,Recommended,211400,7294125,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Bungee,i liekd it
,Recommended,211400,11629069,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Krsman,"Interesting game, I must say, I really liked the design of the game, 2.5D graphics were quite interesting and you get the feel of the depth in the background you are seeing and you don't get to see much of these action-platformers. I love zombie-virus game stories (I know it's cilche) and I believe this game delivered my expectations. PLEASE keep in mind that this is a INDIE game and I'm NOT trying to seperate it from other games and high-end studios by saying something like: ""Yeah, you can't compare this to other games because it is an indie game..."". Indie developers are here to change the way games are designed and bring fresh ideas, and this game does exactly that!If you are looking for a horror game, this isn't one, it has a creepy atmosphere, creepy artstyle and graphics and I WOULD LOVE to see a horror game designed like this. I believe this game was a breakthrough for the Tequila Works team and I'm counting on playing more games, in this style, from this team, they are a new team and they will get better as the years pass for sure!For me it was a great experience, I can't help but notice that the story was a bit rushed (reading the lost pages of Randals diary gives a fine polish to the story), but anyway well presented. I'm not sure what did they mean by ""technical difficulties"" when playing, but that must be because I was playing it with a joystick. I had a few frustations while playing it, but you'll only need brains (hehe) and quick reflexes in some parts. I believe i played it for 5 hours (without searching for secrets, diary pages, etc.). I have to mention, though, that I got this game on sale and that the price wasn't affecting me that much while I was writing this review. Anyway, hope this helps you to make a decision, and finaly, I would rate this game 8/10."
,Recommended,211400,4348666,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,"Cajito, the Cat King","A 3D platformer with the 'zombie outbreak' theme. No soft words, no 'Utopia', just the raw human race doing what it does best: killing. Everyone, anyone. And struggling to survive. The game itself is short, but it's worth your while, mainly 'cause it's beautiful."
76561198022418595,Recommended,211400,11500117,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,This would be a great game if it wasn't so short. It's the first side scrolling survival horror game I've ever played. The controls are a little on the unresponsive side but not terrible.
,Recommended,211400,9049695,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Khormid,"The most beautiful zombie game I have ever played and it was a side scroller. What Deadlight lacks in 3D in has in depth of perspective. This game was truly well made and had very few flaws, but it did have two in my eyes.The backgrounds that were full of depth, movement and detail made you feel engrossed in a dying world. Yes this game is a side scrolling game but you will barely notice as the developers make the 2D palette look truly deep. The music and sound add completeness to a world that you both fear and admire. The game overall was straight forward and not overly difficult but yet it still wasn't a cake walk. I did feel at times when you failed a certain point and it made you redo an entire segment that required precise jumps and actions; was frustrating. I felt like at the times the overall story lacked some definition and forced you to read diary pages in order to fill in the blanks; I don't want to sit and read through pages of story.  The ending will be somewhat expected and not overly shocking, but you will enjoy it on some level. Overall the gameplay which consisted of tough jumps and some shooting was enjoyable yet not groundbreaking.If you appreciate great artwork, zombies, great gameplay and decent audio then Deadlight is the game for you.+ Amazing Artwork+ Enjoyable Voice Acting+ Fun gameplay- Frustrating punishments for small mistakes- Lacking story that forced out of game reading.Score: 8 out of 10"
76561198071240014,Not Recommended,211400,10921569,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Leon:TP,"This is a nice atmospheric game that is fun to play and I would recommend it except for:a) The ""No-Sound"" bug. At some point in the game the bug pops up and then you will have no sound in cut scenes and so will then have to rely on subtitles.b) Xbox controller issues. The game only recognises the first input method which means that 90% of the time you will have to restart the game over and over again until it recognises the controller that has been plugged in all along and works with every other game on your system.For these stupid annying bugs I have to say the frustration isn't worth it. Arrrgghhhhh......."
,Recommended,211400,243259,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Lord Weh,"A zombie genre take on a side-scrolling classic like Another World, Flashback and Heart of Darkness.The plot is fairly predictable, filled with clichés and the scripting is pretty poor in quite a few places, but the game itself is worthwhile.Set in and around Seattle in 1986, there's a lot of interesting scenery and locations. A lot of the environmental puzzles are really well designed and there's a feeling of exploring a grimly beautiful diorama.A few of the chapters had really fun gameplay elements, but felt like they were completely un-needed for the story. The game has a 'twist', and quite a modest attempt at putting a lot of thought behind it all, especially in the form of diary pages, which you find as you explore. However, this level of the story requires quite a lot of patience reading through the pages you find.The game has a well implemented checkpoint feature, respawning you generally just a few moments before you made your fatal error. Each scene is a puzzle and the game generally doesn't punish you for making a mistake. I did encounter a couple of moments where I was set back about a minutes worth of gameplay, which felt frustrating but only by comparison to how good the system usually was.Overall, good clichéd fun and an interesting merge of gameplay and genre."
,Not Recommended,211400,7859098,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,【=◈︿◈=】,"I'm glad I only spent three bucks on this game, it felt lile I was playing battletoads..."
,Recommended,211400,28299098,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DeathWolfie!!,"I finished this game in few hours but i am not here to complain about it.Yes the game is short, there are some bugs (That don't harm the gameplay), the graphics aren't the best, but the game is from 2012, the game was surely a lot of fun!Some people had issues with the controls, i did too in few places but it's nothing big."
76561198035735352,Recommended,211400,4341465,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,cschock,"Interesting game in a lot of ways. Great art, music and sound. Buggy port to the PC with seriously iffy controls. I used both the keyboard and mouse and an Xbox360 controller. Both were exercised in frustration at times. 90% of the game it isn't an issue, but there are some ""quick"" sequences and overly long areas where you have to time things just right where it becomes a problem.Add to that the game is pretty short. I logged just over 6 hours to get to the sequence before the final ending video. The final scene is another ""lets do this just perfectly or redo the whole thing"" sequence and I gave up and watched the ending on Utube.Worth $15 (or $20 with the soundtrack)? No. At $5 on sale, why not. Give it a try."
,Recommended,211400,7584224,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,W O L F,"Good game.I've never seen 2d graphics being this immersive, impressive to say at least. The gameplay was fun and the soundtrack was well placed, but i expected a little bit more depth into the story."
,Recommended,211400,11474156,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,g4m3r,"Deadlight, another game set in a post-apocalyptic world full of zombies? Yes, but how much fun was to play it!!This is a platformer where you play as Randall, a survivor who's trying to reach Seattle in order to find his wife and daughter, lost after the disaster. On his road through run-down and abandoned suburbs, he will find hate, hope and madness, all seasoned with a good amount of undead.Gameplay is based on survivor skills and environmental puzzle solving, but ferocious combat is not missing and Randall will be able to use an axe, a pistol and a shotgun (do I need to list also the slingshot?). Not that much you will say, and I would agree, except that the game is not very long to finish (4-5 hours), so I think the amount of differentiation between weapons, amount of levels and types of enemies is just right.It is clear that originally Deadlight was intended as a low budget indie title, and it is a shame that the developer had no more resources in order to extend and deepen Randall's personal story, maybe with more flashbacks from his past, or even only with more levels, enemies and weapons. 2.5 graphics are just perfect to represent this diseased world full of oppressive atmospheres, and the main musial theme is really awesome, so moody!!Do not let the abused zombie theme fool you, Deadlight is a nice game if you like the genre, it offers the right amount of contents and fun for its price. Now I just need to understand if I want to deal with the just unlocked Nightmare mode :)"
,Not Recommended,211400,15130116,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,not much fun and crap story and looks pretty bad...
76561198024361977,Recommended,211400,34630698,Posted: 31 August,all,Vurdmeister,A very enjoyable side scroller. Love the art style. Only con is using a keyboard was quite challenging in one or two scenes due to what you had to do.
,Not Recommended,211400,10961285,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,arcanum.zero,"Deadlight is a beautiful game, but the graphics just aren't enough to salvage it.The core gameplay is fun enough, but the controls make it more frustrating than it needs to be.It's challenge level is fairly accessible, but the last chapter is a straight-up rage game, brutally difficult only because of the surprises it throws at you the first time through.The backgrounds are incredibly detailed, but they'll have you wondering why your character doesn't just take the clearly visible stairs instead of forcing himself through jumping puzzles.The main character is reasonably well voice acted, but he's surrounded by a cast reading a laughable script in bad American accents.The story is nothing new, with an ending you'll see coming from the first cutscene.  Although, if you play through the game on Nightmare mode, I guarantee you you'll be surprised -- the secret ending may make no sense at all, but at least it is unexpected.Two final notes: there's no in-game reward for gathering all the collectibles, so it is safe to skip doing that, and this game has absolutely no Metroidvania aspects at all -- it is a perfectly linear platformer from start to finish.All in all I can't recommend Deadlight but if it is on sale for cheap it might be worth it for a few hours of themed jumping puzzles."
76561198222385276,Recommended,211400,23663871,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Doublee (EE),"I just took a chance and bought this. I started it and was so excited in the first 5 minutes I couldn't get away from it. I played it for 5.5 hours and beat it. Awesome game, Awesome Story, Graphics. Reminds me of the old school side scrollers but has this zoom effect that makes it look so good.I would have to say this is in my top 5 best games I played.  I wasn't going to bed until I beat it. Lol. Worth the money. 6 hours for $15 (I would spent $100 at the bar for 6 hours or more).Grab it and use a joystick!"
76561197977879276,Not Recommended,211400,35412800,Posted: 2 October,all,lobotomizedgoat,"The environment & visuals are wonderful, the story is decent, the puzzles/action are ok, and the rest is painful.  Movement is clunky, the character clips and ""teleports"", contextual interactions are inconsistent, the physics is wonky (pushing/striking zombies often moves them in the opposite direction), you can't run past zombies (usually) but swinging the axe will cause you to pass through them, input seems to lag at times, etc...Pausing the game often causes it to hang for 5-10 seconds and sometimes freezes it completely, requiring a force-close and destroying any progress made since starting it.  Progress failed to save once when exited normally as well, setting me back a few checkpoints.I was looking forward to this game but between the control issues and bugs it was painful to finish.(used gamepad)"
,Recommended,211400,8281038,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"pros: great aesthetics, fitting soundtrack, solid platforming mechanics, collectables, fair checkpoints for the most partcons: ive experienced a few unstable crashes, clunky combat animations, lag spikes when loading new areas/scripted events, some sections had poor level designs especially the last few levelsOverall, a solid 4 hour-long platformer title for the price range. Deadlight has my recommendation."
,Recommended,211400,15623748,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,VIPERITE,"Chased by zombies, chased by humans, kill zombies, kill humans. Lost all my weapons to a crackpot fool. Best game to play when out of the country with just a laptop and no mouse. Would play again (when I'm on my vacation) 10/10."
76561198039934713,Not Recommended,211400,25364743,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,PHI39582,"I bought this some time back always planning on getting to it.  Well, that time was this morning, so I went to youtube and watched a few minutes of the ""Directors Cut"" and thought, ""it looks quite fun"".....once I got to Steam I noticed that mine hadnt been updated to the ""Directors Cut"".....that prompted me to look into why.....Well, here it is, how dare they release ""improved controls"" in a separate product, this is the kind of poor business decisions that I hope puts companies out of business.  I am NOT arguing that improved grpahics cant be under the guise of an HD remake, but the improved controls???  I will not even play this game until such time that they update the original game to have the best control possible as based on their current code."
,Recommended,211400,17331569,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ducky the Bee,"Loved the first part, i like sidescrollers, and this one looks really pretty. I liked it how zombies move from he background to the actual playfield. Makes it feel like 3d sometimes, while it is really 2d., i guess 2.5D will be the right term here. 3d look, 2 dimenions to play.Biggest complain:  It is too short! I have now 10 hrs on record, but also played a bit nightmare mode in that, plus i been afk quite some time time without closing the game, so I think actual playtime is less then 4 hours.Story is standard zombie story, and I accidently clicked away the last cutscene, so still don't know how it ended;) Sure did not look like a happy end!  That's why i restarted in nightmare mode. But... In nightmare mode i died and got option restart game...no checkpoints? enough to uninstall for me, because dying seems inevitable. Specially because something the controls are not very responsive.  In the first part I did not really notice that, but specially the last chapter, it became very annoying.I really enjoyed the atmosphere and graphics. Too bad it was this short. Recommended?Yes  But for me it does not score more then a 7/10 because of the shortness and the sometimes annoyingly slow response of the controls. I played it with a controller (F710) , so can't tell if it is also troublesome with keyboard/ mouse.BTW I also had some crashes when hitting esc. button.Last note: Randall should really work on his condition. He has a horrible lack of stamina ;)"
,Recommended,211400,8579451,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Farmboy,"Thank you Tequila Works for this great game.Though it only took me 3 Hours to finish the game I must honestly say that is was 3 Hours well spent.This Sidescroller Zombie action game is amazing, you need to pay attention to your surroundings and time your moves carefully.There were some times where I tried the same checkpoints over and over again which is a good thing for me because that shows me the game is not just a simple run throuhg.My Rating 10/10 :D - Doesn't Happen Easily"
,Not Recommended,211400,9939635,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,DMentMan,"Controls are bad, lots of glitches and bugs. Checkpoints are the worst."
,Recommended,211400,7914503,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,alpertini,"A breath of fresh air amongst the ever increasing zombie apocalypse catalgue of games. Stunning graphics and a fantastic story, backed up with steller voice acting. A truly unique take on this genre and, whilst short, the campaign never has a dull moment. [8.5/10]"
,Recommended,211400,3884121,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Megillot,"Limbo meets The Walking Dead.Highly recommend to everyone. Story catches you from the beginning and doesn't let go until you finished. Backgrounds are magnificent - almost like Trine, only with ruined cities.The only problem is that it's too short. Where's DLC when we need them?P.S.Plays better with gamepad - keyboard controls are not too comfortable and cannot be remapped.If there is no sound in cutscenes - replace binkw32.dll in the game folder/Binaries/Win32 with other version of the file from some of your other Steam games."
,Not Recommended,211400,10930705,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,johnnyc2,"Initially enticed by the aesthetic and gameplay. Deadlight proved to be an unpleaseant and frustrating experience due to the imprecise and clunky controls. In a game attempts to base its gameplay on platforming and preceisely timed manuevers, the clunky controls resulted in many fails and frustratingly repeated attempts."
,Recommended,211400,1164909,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,[CVG]Anton,"After playing for a few hours I can say I do enjoy the game and beleive its worth the $5 I paid durring the Steam Summer Sale 2013.I like the 2D side scroller old school type gaming with depth of field and the realisitic graphocs really do bring these types of games to life.The game plays awesome and I like the little story plot. The cut scenes however are still images and I don't like that, they should have been cgi movie quality scenes and not basic images.Don't expect to have hours and hours of fun on this but do expect to have a few hours fun and enjoyment.Personaly I wouldn't pay more then $5 for this game as the hours worth of play and the cutscenes really do bring hurt the overall experience for a game listed at $15."
,Recommended,211400,13880313,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Novus Ordo Seclorum,"*Spacebar**Spacebar**Spacebar*Oh no! I'm dead again.*Click**Click*Run.Run.Oh my god. I've stumbled onto shadows! Help!Urf. *Swing Axe* Hurf *Swing Axe*Damn. I'm tired.*Jump onto vehicle*Take that you shadows! I'll smash your head! *Swing Axe* *Swing Axe**Shadows climbs onto vehicle*NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooo!!!!!!!!P.S: Wait for the end credit scene. He swam for the boat at the end.P.P.S: No, wait, is it?P.P.P.S: *Spacebar* *Spacebar* *Spacebar* ...."
,Recommended,211400,17548245,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,terminalinsanity,"Great game. Its about 2 hours long if you blitz it, but its very well done. Awesome art, visually amazing.If you like running games, or platformers, or puzzle games, you should enjoy this one.The story is excellent, and not toned down for children, which is a rare thing in games.Would love to see a sequel or dlc expansion."
,Recommended,211400,22095552,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ryvianstyron,"5/10The pros:- Great utilization of the unreal engine for platformer mechanics & immersive 3D game art- Good game progression in terms of skill, weapons- Good design elements - stamina affects your ability to attack and your overall strengthThe cons:- Lack luster story line, rushed ending & numerous plot holes made a game with great potential feel ordinary- Inexperienced voiced acting and/or lack of emotion in voices was difficult to take seriously, given the games setting- Had a very mothering game lexicon system that seemed to evaporate temporarily - making some parts very confusingOverall:- Good game to buy on a sale price imo, full price - would be a gamble.- Reminded me a lot of Flashback from the good ol' snes rom days, in terms of general mechanics (However failed to do equally well on storyline & complexity of level design)"
76561198154533909,Recommended,211400,33025315,Posted: 29 June,all,Captain,"I'm not exactly sure how I feel about this game. What exactly did I get for the $2 that I spent?A ""good"" story, with slightly better than decent gameplay. It's only about 4 hours worth of gameplay.The reason good is in quotations is because it was mostly based on the cliche trope of, guy gets seperated from the group and needs to find his friends, whilst also looking for his lost family. I'd hate to spoil the ending so I won't, but it does have a pretty dark theme to it.Now the gameplay is my biggest issue with the game. Occasionally, it is unclear exactly what you are supposed to do, and there are a lot of things that are set up just to kill you. In which, say, you jump across a gap, only to be immediately met with something falling on your head. You had no way of knowing, so you just have to go back a bit and try again. It was actually pretty annoying having to start over so many times because I just didn't understand what the game wanted me to do. There was literally one time I got trapped because I didn't move fast enough to get through the area it wanted me to, which I had absolutely no way of knowing until I had killed myself and tried again.If you are going to play this game, I would suggest having a controller for it. It seems best fit for that, because doing a sprint roll on a keyboard is nearly impossible. You literally have to hold Lshift and press Lcrt while running. It's super annoying and no there isn't an option to make it easier for keyboard users. (I checked)For only two dollars I think it's a fantastic little game. Good enough for me to spend 4 hours of my life on at the very least. But for more than that, in my opinion, it could be a little better.I give it a final score of 7/10!"
,Recommended,211400,24030395,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Flavvy,"DeadlightI decided to give the original version of this game a real shot after readingthis reviewwhich seemed to indicate that the developers actually managed to make things worse in the DC—only with a new and improved price tag. Speaking for the original then, I'll be the first to admit that the controls aren't all they could have been. But if I'm honest, there's also nothing game-breaking here. I still thoroughly enjoyed Deadlight and would definitely recommend it (on sale), provided you know what you're getting into.Pros:A zombie apocalypse-themed sidescroller/platformer is a great concept;Brilliant mood rendered by cryptic visuals and an eerie but beautiful soundtrack;Stamina does a good job of keeping things tense;Fitting graphic novel art style cutscenes do a good job of conveying the story.Neutral:Gameplay is fun overall but will start to feel a bit repetitive and linear over time;Simple story holds things together (with an interesting twist).Cons:Uneven VO performances and an at times awkward script;Stiff controls occasionally lead to a bit of frustration, although nothing game-breaking;Some crashes, and cutscenes triggered with no audio;Very short."
,Recommended,211400,23675646,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,brokenstitch,"This is basically a zombie comic book wrapped inside a video game and I love it. The only issue I had is that it's a side platformer with off putting controls at times, however it isn't that hard to adjust. (I was using the xBox One controller and was having trouble with getting over a certain fence.) Story takes around 6 hours to complete, but it was still pretty good.Story: 8/10Audio: 8/10Gameplay: 7/10Has some basic replay value, in fact I just beat the game and am about to play it again. Just felt I should leave a review first."
76561198048104243,Not Recommended,211400,25389724,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Longshot36 (Kyle),"Overall:Cannot recommend.Had a few very irksome technical problems [no audio in most cutscenes, which I found a patch online somewhere] and a few different levels closed doors in ways that I couldn't advance, I just had to reload the checkpoint to do that part again.Story:Story is... fine.I say that because it is predictable as hell. If you know any plot of any zombie story, you will see every last thing happen before it does so, and not very uniquely at that.Puzzles:Overly simple. Only time I had any trouble was if the controls didn't register me clicking a button, which was somewhat often, as the movement is purposely slow.I say for most games ""get it if it's on sale"", but this one isn't really worth your time, sorry if that sounds like a bummer."
,Not Recommended,211400,29129599,Posted: 8 January,all,jobi,"Sloppy controls, frustrating game. This could have been a good game, but in this state it just sucks."
,Recommended,211400,11905774,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,thöjtt.kriime.org/lol,This game was fun. A decent platformer with zombies. The controls are a little clunky but you can get used to the timing. Worth the price on sale.
76561198010550087,Not Recommended,211400,7922931,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,CluelessDetective,"Beautiful graphics, chilling setting and atmosphere. However, poor and irresponsive controls, meaningless collectables, frustratingly boring twitch puzzles and poor voice acting and general poor story direction mean that this game shows promise for the first hour or two before falling into the ""can't be bothered to finish"" catergory and becoming a waste of space."
,Recommended,211400,10935559,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wmply,"Possibly the most stylish zombie game designed. Graphics are obviously inspired by the works of Frank Miller (Sin City, 300) and Robert Kirkman (The Walking Dead). The rolling monologue from the main character also reminds me of the narrative voice overs in the movie version of Sin City, and add depth and substance to a desolate Seattle."
,Not Recommended,211400,8630587,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,J O K E R R - D Z,"I would only recommend this game if you have an xbox controller, are prepared to die alot, and get really frustrated."
76561198007523681,Recommended,211400,7749651,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Alucard,Nice game ! Try it !
,Not Recommended,211400,8473693,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CombatWombat,"Deadlight is ok.  It has some originality to it and plays a bit like Oddworld with zombies, But it suffers from poor level design and unfair difficulty.(blindsides the player often)"
,Not Recommended,211400,11055942,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dumbass |HG,"Story 4/10World 8/10Controls 5/10While the game idea itself is kinda nice (Limbo meets zombie survival), both the story and the controls leave you hoping for more. The story is exceptionally weak to the point of making me want to punch my wall bloody. Also for a game that relies quite a lot on exact movement, the controls are uncharasteristically poor. Your character rarely moves as you would like and in a game like this, it causes lots of problems. The handheld game collectables were a nice touch, though.At least the game was short."
,Not Recommended,211400,12038960,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,brigcaster,The heli chase sequence was propably designed by Heinrich Himmler.
,Recommended,211400,28368979,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,Great experience platforming as a beginner with a good story and minimal forced combat.
76561197972541185,Not Recommended,211400,25506126,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Furnus [NOR],"- Platformer- Zombies- PuzzlesMany flawsMany bugsMany weird turns in the story that make you think ugh really?Everwhere you go, everything's a scenario, often prewritten where you just happen to get lucky:Someone with a certain equipment, who could jump from here to there, could just happen to get through here. Others would die. (However there is no pile of bodies there). It's also extremely repetetive.The person you're moving around, doesn't always do what you want him to.Things are just waiting for you like this for example:A zombie stuck somewhere is stuck. When you walk past, he just happens to be able to come out.The makers of this game obviously didn't try their own game before releasing it. It's tedious and annoying. If you love all games and have no standards, go for it. If not, please do avoid."
76561198048933733,Not Recommended,211400,25771578,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,IceCold,DO NOT buy it. Bad controls and frustrating gameplay. In many cases you die over and over again just to memorize step by step walkthrough.  There is no early warning what some seriuos♥♥♥♥♥♥is about to go down. You die and learn and move forward to die again just to learn. and then you do it all over again... this game is just a big NO.
,Recommended,211400,13712378,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sib3riX,so amazing and good game for 2 euros. 10/10 Recommended for everyone.
,Recommended,211400,8634626,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Twitch.Tv/Salty Sis,Fun game
,Not Recommended,211400,33869946,Posted: 28 July,all,PunaniTsunami,"For 2012, Zombies was the it genre. Infestation, Black Ops 2, the peak of numerous multiplayer zombie games like Killing Floor, L4D, etc. So Deadlight came along with its fresh new platformer spin on the golden genre. The game should be lauded for its mediocre story, collectables that would be worth interacting with if the protagonist was more interesting and original platformer level designs. In fact, the level design and background environments are the strongest assets to the game.But while the game lives through its strong visuals, it dies by its controls and clunky player movement. A pivotal aspect of the game is climbing, and the registration of where to stand in order to climb is painfully off. To add insult to injury, instructions are often ambiguous or unclear in how to advanced through flawed sections of levels towards the middle of the game. You will find yourself dying over and over in areas that demand frame-perfect jumps or rolls that are uncharacteristic of the genre. Solutions will come down to muscle memory over anything else. Because this is paired with a foolish layout of controls, sluggish environmental registration with your character and combinations that are bound to leave you with carpal tunnel, you’ll end up dying enough in an unforgiving zone just to ask yourself what you’re doing it all for.I’m hopeful that the gameplay elements will be tweaked in the subsequent sequel, and Tequila Works will be able to give us the mechanics that are on par with their high concept story and striking world."
76561198091596690,Not Recommended,211400,23010954,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,theogenia,"Graphics are good. Voice acting is also quite good. As for the story, although there is nothing new (typical post-apocalyptic scenario: zombies trying to kill you, other people trying to kill you, people trying to use you, and you're trying to find your friends/family), it is fine, too.But the controls are unbearable. This game doesn't seem to be designed for PC. Controls feel clumsy, the character will not move as you wish, you'll fail to interact with environment/enemies as you desire, and sometimes the character will not do what he supposed to do because of bad controls (I'm referring to the collapsing building but there are other parts, too).You'll fail and die not because of the difficulty (this game is not hard for sure) but because of the controls, and this is annoyingAs I said at the beginning, this game has good aspects. Nevertheless, for this kind of game, one of important things is the quality of controls, and the game fails at this point.I'm sorry but I cannot recommend this game."
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,211400,22607454,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,M6Hurricane,"The storyline and voice acting are pretty good, and the concept of gameplay is sound. However, the tremendously unresponsive controls just end up being too frustating deal with. Things like, you can't hit zombies while they're standing up,  (you have to wait for them to finish their animation), taking a long time to swing backwards, etc."
,Not Recommended,211400,7694787,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Kei-chan,"Deadlight tries to be an Eversion-like, pixel precise, edge-jumping platformer, but has the movement mechanics of Out of this World or Flashback, with none of the polish.An astronomical number of cheap deaths and hours of frustrating trial and error gameplay will have you screaming at your monitor. ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!"" you'll say, as the door you just barreled through throws you into a horde of zombies, and the game's hit detection decides to crap out on you. ""♥♥♥♥!"" you'll scream, as the game pulls the rug out from under you for the hundredth time, changing up an established mechanic yet again, for no reason other than to throw another ""curveball"" at you.Poor voice acting, a rough script, and a nonsensical and painfully cliched plotline full of gaping logic holes strip the game of any remaining worth it might have had.It looks pretty though. Shame about the whole ""gameplay"" part.If you're looking for something along the lines of Out of This World, Flashback, or Prince of Persia, look elsewhere. I would recommend Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee and Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus, which are available in a bundle for $5 even when there isn't a sale going on, and even less when there is."
76561198118505002,Recommended,211400,8460715,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,_Crawley_,GG
76561198097758232,Not Recommended,211400,7916929,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Alpha-Chi Chapter,A waste of money. The control is horrible especially if you are a keyboard player. No sounds during cinematics and this game crashs more than often. The story is okay but only gives you roughly 2 and half hours of gameplay. How can a game with this limited content sell for this price?
76561198005548608,Not Recommended,211400,7921452,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,damnmecler,"For a game in the style of Shadow Complex and Super Metroid before it, this game is extremely lackluster.  After I just beat it, all I could think of was ""That's it?"" Lame story, terrible voice acting (more than likely the script), very infuriating level design challenges and clunky AI all wrap this up into a less than stellar title.  I'm glad I bought it on sale.  The only fun part was the middle Rat man section, where there was a little creative challenge. But after that it was stupid stray bullet deaths (literally shot in the middle of a running jump, and fell straight down into the water), and a poor ending.  The comic book bits were drawn nicely, but seemed more like an easy out for the developers to transition between stages.  If they can animate a helicopter shooting you from a rooftop, they can animate the crash too. Overall, I was left wondering when the real game would start.5/10"
,Recommended,211400,8457111,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tpleme,"Awesome sidescroling game, worth the money!"
,Recommended,211400,1449167,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Tb,"This was a fun game with a few annoying bugs, such as the fact it can take up to two full minutes to pause on occasion. However, the game itself is enjoyable and a sure contender for the best looking game I've played all year, if you care for the aesthetic.It's a 2D Action platformer with Randall Wayne trying to escape from ""Shadows"" (read: zombies) and find his lost family. There are weapons in the game, but they are primarily for the platform puzzles.Oh right. And there's a sewer level."
76561198025897175,Recommended,211400,8635471,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,trump,This aint a bad game but on ther other hand aint much to talk about either. Its a good concept but very simplistic. More could of been done to give the game depth. It did not take me long to get through but i wasnt going to far out of my way for all those acheivements and hidden gems. I picked it up for £1:99 in sale and would say it was worth that all day long. can be frustating at times but thas what strives players to play at times. The look of the game/graphics are good as u can see in the vids and the gameplay is well done. hope this helps to anyone that wants to buy :-)
,Recommended,211400,8463825,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[k™]blastz,Great game for the sale price!
76561198049609071,Recommended,211400,8403572,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pumpkin Pie,"""Beautiful"" is not a word I think most people would use to describe anything related to the zombie genre, but it is very appropriate description for this game.  The backdrops in this sidescrolling platformer made me want to stop and look around more but we all know that is never a good idea when zombies are lurking about.  I didn't find the puzzles overly complicated and I believe that may have been by design so the pacing of the story would not be interrupted by long delays solving them.  I used an XBOX controller when playing, so I can't speak to how intuitive the keyboard controls feel, but this game was designed for the controller and it felt good to hold one in my hand again after so many hours at the keyboard and mouse.  I had a few sound issues during the cell shaded cut scenes where my sound cut out completely, but I could usually infer what was being said by the graphic novel style presentation the designers used.  All things considered, if your looking for a good atmospheric zombie tale without all the blood and gore that usually accompanies the genre, you'll like Deadlight and have fun playing it.  I'd give it an 8/10 with the sound issues, 9/10 without them."
,Recommended,211400,8047366,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,NIИ,Great game with a great story too.
,Recommended,211400,51037,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Lawie,"Story is been told in a very noire, yet a dark and emotional way. Nice zombie game... worth the money. Worth the time.  Not many games out there with the same quality."
76561198018939287,Recommended,211400,8693739,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,canie,Easily the best sidescrolling RPG I have ever played. Great story and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,211400,8821731,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Bob,"I'm not sure why I bought this game. I generally feel that there is not much interest left in the zombie genre. I guess it was the interesting, dark aesthetic to the game that attracted me. It certainly looks good and I like the 3d rendering of a 2d platforming environment. Overall this game is okay. It is fun, there is a reasonable story, the gameplay is quite different to other zombie games and there are hidden things to find to add a bit more interest. It maybe a little on the short side though and it doesn't do anything amazing."
,Recommended,211400,123452,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Stormrider,Unexpectedly cool!
,Recommended,211400,11050679,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mal'Nebiros,"A good game, very immersive. For the most part very engaging although potentially tedious with the checkpoint system at times. Over all deffinitely worth a play."
,Recommended,211400,8447937,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,neko`,"Prince of Persia with Zombies. Or, Another World with ballistic weapons.If you like the zombie survival genre, if you like leaping onto ledges, then you'll enjoy this. Great atmosphere, visuals, sounds, music. Great animation, which matters when you're leaping, crawling, shooting, fighting. The game makes great use of ""2.5D"" within the Zombie genre. Some decent puzzles, including the use of Shadows (Zombies) themselves.Works fine for both keyboard+mouse and controller.I found the game length to be about right.The storyline was cliche but I was ok with that - I wasn't expecting anything further. A few concepts sparked my imagination (like where The Rat lives).Buy it on special, now!"
76561198088259629,Not Recommended,211400,12528967,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,V^MP,"This game is seriously super cool. Great graphics and visual 3D art, the lighting and effects are great. I was willing for this to go on and on but it ended after only 5 hours... Really disappointing."
,Not Recommended,211400,21191052,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cuyler,"It's short, I beat the story in under 5 hours. Once the story is complete it unlocks knightmare mode.Going through on knightmare, completing the game 100% and unlocking achievements will add additional replay value.The story itself isn't terrible, but it's nothing special either.Gameplay is the highlight of this game, but can sometimes be frustrating. Simple controls don't respond every so often making your character miss a jump, not turning properly to hit a zombie, resulting in death or losing hp.I got the game on sale for $3 so I would have to recommend for that price, however buying the game full price I would not recommend.Update: Changing my review to not recommend, due to the ""remasted edition"" and people who already own the game get screwed over. No thanks. Dont recommend the game or developers/publishers."
,Recommended,211400,11944781,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,X-RASHED,اللعبه جميله قصتها عاجبتني جداً
,Recommended,211400,11957277,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Onomato,"It is the year 1986. You play as the protagonist Randall Wayne, who used to work as a park warden before the outbreak of a dangerous desease in Europe. It quickly turns into an epidemic and Randall's hometown - Hope in British Columbia - is overrun by zombies.The game starts with you and your group going different paths. It has been ~4 months since the incident happened and your main goal is to find your wife and daughter. You have to solve puzzles, defeat zombies and make your way through collapsing buildings in order to find and save what you love most.My first impression of the game was positive. You are immediately being confronted with a puzzle and the dark atmosphere, which hardly changes during the game. In this review I am going to comment on each aspect the game has to offer.The looks and graphics: I am not a person who believes that graphics are make 90% of the game, but I do believe that they make gameplay much more interesting. Deadlight is set in Seatlle. You get through many different areas throughout the game, such as a hospital, the sewers, a stadium and much more. All of these places are rather dark and most of the time the only people around you are already dead. I believe that out of all the post-apocalyptic games I have played so far, this one is one of the more realistic ones. You feel lonely and all you usually hear is a wall cracking, the rain falling, the protagonist's thoughts and zombies moaning. You only see yourself as a shadowy figure, walking from one side of the screen to another, which felt different but not necessarily bad. I do not know if other people already mentioned it, but it reminded me a lot of Limbo. Not just because of the simple and dark graphics, but especially because of the puzzles and the way you solve them. There is a lot of jumping, crate pushing, fast gameplay and avoiding water. I was positively surprised by Randall's movements, since they look very realistic. Another thing I liked were the comic-style cutscenes, but I can imagine that others would prefer more realistic ones. The only problem I had considering the graphics is that it sometimes can be hard to differentiate between what belongs to the background and what can be interacted with.  I'd give the looks an 8/10.Gameplay: As I have already mentioned, the gameplay mostly consists of solving puzzles, most of which are of intermediate-difficulty. While you do have weapons, you often need to decide whether to avoid or kill zombies, since you won't find ammo around every corner. The game has many hidden secrets and collectibles that - in order to get all the achievements - require you to take different (hidden) paths, which adds to the overall difficulty. If you are not solving a puzzle, you usually find yourself being chased by enemies, no spoiler though. All in all I believe that the gameplay is good and fun. The great variety of puzzles will keep you thinking until the end. 8/10.Audio: I - once again - believe, that this is where the game scores the most. The opening and ending theme both sound very nice and the levels rarely lack of ambience. The surroundings sound realistic, the voice acting is nice to listen to and the music fits the game very well. There is one problem I encountered while playing though: one cutscene is missing the sound. 9/10.Story: I obviously can't go into a lot of detail here, since I would like to avoid any spoilers, but I believe that the story gets more interesting when reading the diary entries of Randall. They tell you a lot more about him, the relationships to other people and his past. I was not very happy with the ending. It felt rushed and as if the writer had lost interest in the end, though I must say that it was somehow predictable. Nevertheless, the story is not bad after all, thanks to the introduction of new characters from time to time. 7/10Controls: This is where the game lacks. The controls are rather easy to understand and you don't need many keys to play the game, but either I was too fast or the game is not good enough at recognizing commands. Randall will not always do what you want him to do. Climbing on a fence, he will sometimes turn around for no reason, which can cause a lot of trouble when having to be fast. It costs you a lot of time and gets annoying as the game progresses. I still managed to solve every puzzle and find all the hidden items, though it often required many retries. 4/10Length: It took me about seven hours to find all the items and to finish the game. Some people may believe that seven hours for a game are rather short, but I believe that adding more wouldn't necessarily have been better. The game length is just fine for the price I bought it (which was 2,39€). That said, I don't think that I would have bought the game for its original prize, which is approx. 10€ higher. If you are thinking about buying the game, then wait until it is on sale again, which should be in october, since it has zombies in it.All in all Deadlight is an interesting game for you to play on a rainy afternoon. It reminds you a lot of Limbo, but despite that, doesn't lack of originality. That is why I would recommend playing Deadlight.I hope my review was helpful and you enjoyed reading it. Thank you for taking the time. :)"
76561198054284539,Recommended,211400,5697466,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Mirza ☾,Its the BEST/GREATEST game that I EVER PLAYED about zomie survival!This is a true MUST HAVE title!
,Recommended,211400,2070029,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Smoka Cola,"Really great game if you're into puzzle games. It's not really a brain teaser, but the storyline was pretty good. The voice acting could be better; however, it wasn't terrible. The gameplay itself is really fun, I didn't play it with mouse and keyboard, but with a 360 controller it's pretty solid.Playing this again on nightmare should be rather interesting as there are no saves, you just play all the way through and hope you don't die."
,Recommended,211400,13695006,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,nyquil,"Wow. Beautiful visuals, with a good story to go with it."
,Recommended,211400,8357065,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,fiveeyes,Worth it just for the first 30 minutes of gameplay which is damn near flawless. Unfortunately that is followed by 3 hours of terrible design. I want this dev to make another game and prove they can really pull it all the way through. All in all it's extremely promising for a first title.
,Recommended,211400,13705089,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cagulo,"Glad I paid 1€ for the game.I mean, don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my time with it and the fact that it takes a different spin on the already bloated zombie market but the not-so-polished mechanics, especially regarding the combat, made some levels (mostly the last one but man,screw the sewers) more frustrating than anything else which, in turn, made the ending something I was happy to reach because the frustrations were over and at the same time prevented me from enjoying the cliché""did he die?""ending.All in all a nice game but with way some problems like trying to pause which for some reason freezes it for 20 seconds and clunky controls which can get in the way of traversing the levels.Could be worse I guess, wait for a sale if you plan on getting it and hope that the devs learned from this  and if they plan on making a second one.Ps. The play time is not wrong, the game takes around that long to finish if you die as much as me because I didn't press a certain button with a millimetric precision at the right time."
,Recommended,211400,2376000,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Bearifex Megasdoux,"One of those rare zombie games that advocate brain over brawn. Remember, you are a survivor not because you out fought the zombies, but because you out thought them."
,Recommended,211400,8443146,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,"It's fun and challenging. I love the immersion; it's not ""oh hey a zombie im gonna fist him to death."" Nope nope nope. Fisting zombies isn't allowed. Also with the gun(s) you get, the ammo is few and far between, so killing everything isn't an option."
,Recommended,211400,8888132,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,소원,deadlight is awesome game with zombies! u never get bored of it :)
,Recommended,211400,7457403,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Old Saintanick,"another game with a good narrativekind of short, and the story is kind of a disappointing"
,Recommended,211400,14535848,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Spooky,"I personally found this zombies parkour quite enjoyable, the whole parkour is fun and only two dislikes would be that the game is not hugely long and that not all the controls (e.g hold with axe to finish off downed zombies) are communicated easily. I found it quite fun although i wasn't always sure why i was doing what i was doing. I would say that this game is suprisingly fun for what it is and would recomend anyone who wants a game to have fun and enjoy it and not just to be rewarding.The only real negative are that this game is quite hard and it is often not clear what you have to do, il admit i did look up how to get past one point in the game."
,Recommended,211400,14239225,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kitty,"Beautiful little game, really enjoyed playing. I got it on special but can happily say I would have paid full price knowing what I know now. Not much replayable value, but a good story, stunning artwork, and fun puzzles."
,Recommended,211400,2246159,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,DarkWolf80s,"8 out of 10, and here's why. The game is great. It has a great narrative story, good controls and gameplay that's similar to Limbo, but with zombies. The problem is it didn't feel challenging, maybe in two stages but that is it. Everything else is just normal. However, this does not mean the game is not fun, it's quite entertaining what I feel lacking is the possibilities of adding puzzles, some good music and extending the game because it doesn't take long to complete. But other than that, the game is good.Final thoughts, I wouldn't buy this game at full price but instead wait for a discount."
,Recommended,211400,10939288,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,♕DanielMD♕,Deadlight is a good game not worth buying for 15$ but on a discount i really recomend getting this one for sure ^^hope i helped you...
76561198106096794,Recommended,211400,11467695,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Fabuloussaurus Rex,"This game was absolutely amazing! The atmosphere, and the feeling of being in a apocalyptic world of chaos and death is freaking fantastic! And the music was beautiful and good. A very special and different zombie apocalypse game! I really enjoyed playing it!"
,Recommended,211400,5708772,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Arnedillo,"THIS IS THE MOST AWESOME ""ZOMBIE"" GAME EVER."
,Recommended,211400,13692961,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vindaloo,"If there is a sale and price is under $2 get it, play it, enjoy it. Not worth it without the sale. You ask why?Controls, they are so bad that some of the puzzles and time trials might take you tens of repeats. It's artificially rising the difficulty to absurd levels at times. Some people could get over it or power trough, but some people will rage quit. There is no clean line so if you buy it on the sale and you hate it, you didn't loose much money. However, even if you hate it, you can get trough first part easily and it might be worth at least the sale price.Funny story, because of the controls I finished the game so angry, I couldn't ""enjoy"" the ending. When you finish Deadlight, you will know why I put the quotation marks there."
,Recommended,211400,7970159,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Finch Eastwood,"A really nice game - Great story line, graphics and use of environment.The levels are well planned and do not become repetative which I find side-scrollers can become very fast.The characters in the game are also well thought out and have a good depth of back story which adds largely to the game world.Game play is generally good and fluent. The fast-paced paths work well and the player is required to work when running through the environments however there are some snag which which got me pretty frustrated.There are several cons:As mentioned above, the fast-paced stages are let down by snagging which become frustrating when in a chase.Example: running from a chopper and the player gets keeps volting the same fence instead of dismounting.A few of the controls do not make sense & feels like the Keyboard controls were shoehorned in after being designed for a gane pad.Example: you have to hold shift and somehow hit control at the same time to roll.The melee weapons are vitually useless. You can not tactically kill a hord if you are using a melee - believe me, I tried.The pick-up-item is far to slow for the pace of the game. Many occations I have stopped to pick something up and by the time I have been given control of my character again, I am dead.The above cons are not big deals. I do think using a game pad would stop the repeated volting on fences - it would also solve my issue with the control issue. The melee part only really became aparent a few times in the game where I was forced to fight.Overall a good game. I would play through with a controller next time.7/10"
,Recommended,211400,11796916,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,JediDeadELF,"I am enjoying it;  Its dark, its tricky, keeps me on edge, it has zombies, it is not too easy, I play a little here and there.   I like the story and I am enjoying finding more and more about what happened to the characters involved, as the game progresses."
76561197974210341,Recommended,211400,13258284,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,P = NP /BBQPRTY\,"A fun 2.5D zombie jump-and-run adventure. Great scripted sequences and excellent graphics/atmosphere make it feel like an action movie in many parts. Bonus points for getting the L&F of the 80's down pat. Not a perfect game by any means (story is a bit flimsy, controls and combat can be a bit unforgiving, and some of the sequences require SMB levels of repetition to pass), but these flaws are minor in comparison to everything else the game does well.8/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,10662964,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tay,"While I was drawn into the potential this side-scroller had, it quickly became repetitive and boring. I finally finished the game after several un- and re-installations."
,Not Recommended,211400,10848459,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Reeze The Vampire,"The game was fair, overall. The animation was excellent, along with the environments and atmosphere. The story had a few plotholes, but overall it was fari, with a decent, though somewhat expected, twist at the end. However, I would not reccomend the game too highly. Even though most of the gameplay was fast and intense, much of it was simply annoying; Repetative puzzles, some nearly impossible chases that were extremely frustrating caused this game to fall apart a little bit. Not to mention, it was only 3 hours long. I have to say I dd enjoy playing it, and it is worth a try, but I just found it short and frustrating."
,Recommended,211400,18804070,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ghostkillah,"Fun game to amuse urself with for several hours, also lots of hidden stuff to be found, played it and enjoyed it :)"
,Not Recommended,211400,13467477,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sirdom,"PROS:GAME PLAY IS GREAT, ALL THE STORY AND PARKOUR AND STUFF.CONS:♥♥♥♥ING CONTROLS ON THE KEYBOARD."
,Not Recommended,211400,15232118,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,YouTube.com/AlexNiedtGaming,"Just finished this abysmal garbage, and I yearn for the return of every penny of my $1.49.Whatever you do, do NOT purchase this because the atmosphere looks cool.  Yes, it does look cool.  You know what's not cool?  Literally everything else about the game.  The overall mechanics, controls, story, voice acting...all atrocious.What's worse than the worst controls you've ever experienced in a game?  How about attaching those controls to a character who can't swim and can barely swing an ax (slowly, I might add) more than a few times before needing a nap?  Sounds like a perfect candidate for zombie apocalypse survival, right?Have fun watching yourself die over and over again, but not JUST because of the controls.  Oh, no.  The infuriatingly unintuitive trial-and-error design will make sure you die repeatedly, as well.  But don't despair!  The game ALWAYS makes sure you figure out what to do.  Shortly after you die.  And after you die, you can enjoy largely terrible checkpointing, often complete with painfully narrated cut-scene garbage, adding to your ever-blossoming rage.The positives, aside from atmosphere?  It's only a few hours long.  And some of it is bad enough to cause the sensation of near laughter, but that laughter will sadly be stifled by your seething hatred for this atrocity of a gameplay experience."
,Recommended,211400,4404621,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Headhoncho Burnside,"For a game that cost me less than four bones (on sale) this game was great.  Easy achievements are a plus. Awesome atmosphere & visuals are a double ++. You will definitely want to use a 360 controller. Is similar to ""Limbo"" but with zombies and not as many puzzles. Overall I really enjoyed this one. Here's hoping they make a follow-up."
,Recommended,211400,13543873,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,фюрер Дядя,"A very detailed game, with effects on the ambience, its developers are parabens! Bought without fear and enjoyed!"
,Recommended,211400,17968314,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ziad10a,Haven't finished it in Nightmare mode yet but I've recently got back into playing it to finish all the achievements and I'm living again the great experience of the game.Spoiler Alert:I like how the story builds upunto its sad endingplus I like how immersive the whole environment is.The gameplay is quite simple.cons:no sequel :)10/10
,Recommended,211400,7908562,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sainphony,"Finished. Medicore. Good idea, poor platforming. 6/10"
,Recommended,211400,13916903,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Troyske,"Pretty good little game, different take from what i'm used to but i like it."
,Recommended,211400,13831411,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dedek,"Short, but with great atmosphere. With a price under $5 it's a must."
,Recommended,211400,13896713,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Gurpgork,"Fandabidozey! Beautiful visuals, a quirky storyline (The Rat?) and just all round puzzling gorey zombie fun! I give this 10/10 McGuch's!"
,Recommended,211400,13682049,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rocket man ಥ_ಥ,This game is darker than dark souls
,Recommended,211400,14457654,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Vonnorman,Fun game but buy it on sale since it is pretty short. But worth picking up.
76561198067987315,Recommended,211400,13847703,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,qwizert,"The game definitely has a great potential. Though there are some issues with the plot and some minor bugs, this games deserves an improved and extended version (We need a longer Gameplay guys!). I enjoyed playing it very much, it was tense and fun coping with the Shadows."
,Recommended,211400,13781890,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Julian_H3M,Just finished it. What a great game! It`s a shame that it`s so short but totally worth the money! :)
76561198004509602,Recommended,211400,2241019,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,CIMEX,"An Absolute beautiful game! Its looks fooking awesome!!.Gameplay is a blast with a 360 controller.. only downside is the lenght of the game, its short! But do yorself a favor and buy it on sale atleast. :)"
,Recommended,211400,1419014,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,.ExEcute,This game is quite awesome the whole 2d style of the game is great. Although the game only lasts about 5 hours which is a real shame since the game is so fun.
,Recommended,211400,498549,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,*P0P$*FR3$H3NM3Y3R*,"It plays as good as it looks, its really beautiful.Eerie places and a true feeling of being outnumbered with zombies, with just a slingshot at your disposal;DBrilliant game, and the sales pitch that it's probably the best download title available at the time could well be true:)"
76561197994591810,Recommended,211400,7493934,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,The Fallen,Sweet little masterpiece
,Recommended,211400,13948188,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,treuze,"Imersive, great graphics, simple yet effective story. I really liked it!"
,Recommended,211400,13819754,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Imperial Guard,"Deadlight to me is a game worth getting. I have it on Xbox and on PC, and it's definitely one of those games you just can't help but to play again. The character backgrounds and the story following Randall and the others in the game are decent. If you want a game that is pleasing and fun to play again, this is that game."
,Recommended,211400,1158193,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,ThousandPoundPig,"Deadlight is a side scrolling puzzle and survival game with zombies in it. Yes a puzzle game with zombies in it, there are some jumping challenges and some well disguised puzzles but the zombies are a moving challenge as you must follow that tradition to go right the zombies will chase you no matter where you go so you have to use your own brain.To me a side-scrolling zombie survival game is new, what got my attention was the look of it all. First off the main character is completely black, a silhouette while the background, zombies and other characters are in full color but there are still shadows everywhere so it fits. As you go through the game the camera doesnt just follow you, it locks in place. If your in a building you aren’t the center of attention, the building is. You can see every floor and every zombie whether they were playing dead on the ground near your feet or deep in the background.The background is amazing, definitely not a simple still image, from looking at the background you can make sense of what you are doing, why you are going through the window in the foreground, why you aren’t running towards those zombies in the background who are heading towards you as they join the foreground, it is alive and shouldn’t be ignored.I liked the puzzle element of playing with the zombies, they created a whole lot of tension to the game as you diddn’t always have a suitable amount of ammo to fight them all. Pistols and shotguns are there and I found myself having to use them at least 50% of the time which is a shame because I had much more fun trying to avoid the zombies than shooting them. Because it is a side scroller shooting a zombie was very easy. I never felt scared of the zombies or bandits. I could see through an entire building so there wasn’t much fear in the game, there was much more suspense than your average zombie game but thanks to some very generic action it never really delivered.Overall I found it to be a great experience, too short for my taste but it has been so long since I have played a side scrolling game that I am proud to see what a mature themed side-scroller can do. If you like Zombie games and also like to use your brain then I highly suggest you try this out. If you expect great action and a good story then you’ll be disappointed.http://thousandpoundpig.com/finished-deadlight/"
,Not Recommended,211400,7706831,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Supermenace,What the ♥♥♥♥ do console plebs know about games? This is a heinous console port and that is probably all you need to know to avoid it. But if you're still curious:This guy moves like a mongoloid. Faceplants from cardboard boxes and is critcally indecisive on fences when being cannoed at by helicopter. ALL THE DEATHS WERE DESEVRED AND I WISH THEY WERE REAL. I HATE THIS GUY.
,Recommended,211400,11582331,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Marcelus,"Yes, I recommend Deadlight.Pros:- Simple and good gameplay (but not as accurate as other platformers)- Nice controller button mapping (as in consoles)- Beautiful environments and subtile composition postprocess and lighting.- Chromatic aberration FTW!!- Is kind of short, that's not good in this case, but at least it includes a variety of situations.Cons:- Problems with ""binkw32.dll"" wich mutes audio during cutscenes.(Solution: you have to replace this file for an updated one inside game's directory)- Lazy cutscene development. The style is good but if you take a look at ""MGS Peace Walker"" comic cutscenes you can understand what I'm saying. Even the ones of ""Reverie & Resurrection"" DLC from Castlevania LoS.- Some minnor glitches with ragdoll, collition data from environments and AI (It doesn't affect the experience much)- Awful voice acting. Story is not its strenght but it could have made it a much better game.- Price for it's short lenght."
,Not Recommended,211400,20013894,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dumdeedum,"The Bad- Towards the end the platforming gets increasingly irritating and you'll be inching forward death by death.- The controls aren't as tight as they could be, especially on the keyboard.- The writing is abysmal.  Student-novel bad.- There's wobbly-screen family flashbacks a la Max Payne.  Crap there, crap here.The Good- The environments are absolutely gorgeous, someone should totally poach the art team.- Zombies.OverallDon't bother unless it's cheap and you're really into environment art."
76561197998024791,Recommended,211400,8086263,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Pupplehaze,"The more I play this game the more it reminds me of old action/platformers like ""Another World"" and ""Flashback"", which in their day were brilliant.With Deadlight, Microsoft Studio take the action/platformer and raises the bar significantlyThe story is more polished with excellent characterisation and voice acting.The pace is brilliant, with some of the set pieces being exceptionally well done and certainly get the old adrenalin going.Graphically it's moody and, at times, almost distracting in it's level of detail, to the point that whenever possible I will stop and have a look around to see what the zombies in the background are up to and admire the cinematic backdrops.The fact I have died a LOT and shouted at the screen in frustration and then just ""had one more go"" says it all... love it!"
,Recommended,211400,7907170,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Rusty | SkyPaladin,Cinematic 2D zombie apocalypse platformer in a 3D world (they call it 2.5D) - really great!
,Recommended,211400,13735384,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,VACationSenpai 2 #VACCollector,7/10
,Recommended,211400,14321278,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,VGS,"Душевный платформер получился.Занятный сюжет, отличный геймплей и звуковое сопровождение.Благодаря этим составляющим игра получилась интересной, в которую не скучно играть.9.0/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,8685746,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Edelr4nz,"The discription of the game sounds fun and I also like the looks, so I thought I'd give it a try. Since it was in the Steam Sale for a few bucks, I got it.At the beginning the game was really fun, I liked it and was interested in learning more about the characters background.Later on I was really annoyed by this game. The playthrough felt like work.Graphics are really nice, especially when you got the city in the background, which makes a great atmosphere. The game runs good also.The Controls felt good, altho sometimes I had problems with the timing. I was playing it with a Xbox 360 Controller.And thats where the game deserves criticism. It's SO linear. No surprise and not even bad for me in general, but it's so extreme, there are hardly any alteranate routes to use, and if you're not exactly performing how the game wants you to, you simply die. Over and over. You need to stand at the exact point, shoot at the exact time e.g.I like hard games but this made me mad. Doing the same Sequence 10 times and experiencing glitches (which make you die..) really kills the fun.The dialogues are bad, the story has major flaws in it's solution and the whole game doesn't make you care about the characters or the world in general.It feels like the engine, gameplay etc. has a big potential, but the boring story and foreseeable end really made me dislike the game.The good gameplay and nice graphics can't make up for that.When finished, 'Nightmare' mode got unlocked. Already felt like having a nightmare in first place tho.Oh and it took me roughly 3 hours to play through the game."
,Recommended,211400,13615682,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Grumpy Ethα‘,"A bit short, but overall a good experience!"
,Recommended,211400,8430138,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Joey Mousepad,"Deadlight is brilliant. Picked it up on the xbox when it came out and again on steam during the sale.The game presents itself so well for such a simple design of side-scrolling. There is a lot of interaction with the environment and the backgrounds offer a lot of involvement with gameplay. Zombies lie waiting, feasting on a fallen survivor and when you make your move past the group, they will come into your plane and chase you down until you can trick them into falling into a crevasse. The attention to detail is highly impressive, too. When you wade through low, muddy waters, you will see your feet kicking up piles of mud. Everything about the game has some bit of detail to it.If you're on the fence about Deadlight, I can highly recommend the game. It is worth more than a blank check, let a lone $3 on sale. Buy this game. You will not be disappointed. I would not be surprised if developer Tequila Works sees huge success in coming years from only Deadlight. Any fan of zombie games will have a blast with the game. Bravo, Tequila Works."
,Not Recommended,211400,4063728,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Bork,"A game very much in the stiff old style of platformers such as the original Price of Persia, Flashback and Out of the world. The controls have been updated since then thankfully so you dont have to make every action pixel perfect.The game is extremely easy due to infinite lives and checkpoints every few steps you take.The story, while cliche like most zombie stories seemed fine at first, voice acting was overall quite good. But the ending and the parts building up to it left me pretty annoyed.The game while playing quite well for the first 9/10ths started glitching out like crazy near the end. Falling through floors, teleporting through walls, all that fun stuff.Cant really recomend it except as being seen on a youtube video, because it sure looked nice."
,Recommended,211400,482978,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Frostjaw,"Beautiful, beautiful game. Great in every aspect of it. The zombi genre revolutionized."
,Recommended,211400,13322219,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,nArF,"Excelente Historia y Dibujos impecables es lo primero que piensa uno al jugar por primera vez al Deadlight.Un Survival de Horror en forma Side-Scrolling, con elementos de parkour que vuelven adictivo a este juego.Si de duración hablamos, no es el juego mas largo y tedioso de terminar del mundo, al contrario con unas horas de juego se termina, tan rápido como se empezo. Pero esas horas son, definitivamente, horas bien gastadas.Reseña final: Excelente titulo para gastarse unas horas de tiempo y disfrutar al maximo."
,Recommended,211400,13706710,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Blue Eyes White Dragon,"This is a short game. As you can see, I have 5.3h on record, which is how long it took me to beat it. Most people probably beat it in 3 or less because I'm terrible at platformers. With that said, I have no regrets with this purchase. There was a compelling narrative (even for a zombie apocalypse) and a few plot twists along the way. It does do the notorious ""nightmare mode unlocked"" once you beat it which is pretty lame, because there really isn't much point to a second play through unless you really want to test your platforming skills...but if that's the case I would recommend Castlevania lol.I wouldn't recommend this game to hardcore platform gamers because as far as camera and controller issues are concerned, there are some problems. It just surprised me that I'm one of the last types of players you'd see playing a platformer and yet I enjoyed it. So if you aren't much of a platformer and often find yourself not finishing games for whatever reason, this is a good segue into the genre. It's short. The story is compelling. There is a decent amount of enjoyable challenge on normal difficulty (if you aren't much of a platformer), and the cutscenes and ending are rewarding. Great for a sit-down play-through when you find some free time."
,Recommended,211400,13699043,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Imreadytoball,This game is a great 2d platformer and it's has zombie in it so get it and have a blast. good luck on nightmare mode
76561198124828411,Recommended,211400,13329693,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,BloodyKharma,"This game was an absolute blast to play, although it can be EXTREMELY frustrating at times, and some parts drag on for too long. Besides those minor problems I HIGHLY recommend this game if your a fan of zombie games with a good story, and puzzle platformers where you actually have to use your mind at times."
,Recommended,211400,13942731,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Trotts,Good game a few of the timed sequences were arguably too difficult in places but did not get frustrating
76561198037864162,Recommended,211400,4482576,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,NikNovi,"Deadlight - зомби-платформер. Общая цветовая гамма игры приглушенная, главный герой чаще всего видится игроку лишь темным силуэтом, чье лицо можно разглядеть в редких  сценках.  Пробегая по улице, мы видим разрушенные здания, столпотворения брошенных машин, «теней», бесцельно бродящих посреди хаоса. Мелочей огромное количество. По пути к цели придется пробираться через тоннели, канализацию, опустевшие жилые комплексы. Удачно дополняет картину саундтрек. Моя оценка 10/10."
76561198101902543,Recommended,211400,8543195,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Shalashaska(BitSkins.com),is a good game but i wish they made a longer chapter
,Recommended,211400,328613,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Predo,"""limboeske Rätselscheiße"" meint die Fachpresse(shodannews.wordpress.com).Großartiger Anfang, schönes Setting, etwas konfuse Geschichte (man kann sie auch behämmert nennen). Allerdings schöne Atmosphäre, und genialer 80er Jahre Synthi-Blade-Runner Soundtrack (stellenweise)."
,Recommended,211400,2079911,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Rexacious,"It's okay, but the controls are the biggest drawback...with or without a controller this game is rage inducing.I'd recommend it if you have taken anger management classes, if you haven't then this game will make you."
76561198040828086,Recommended,211400,7541399,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Zoid,"Altough i´m not a fan of zombie media, i have to say that this game is really good. It looks stunning and the story is great, creating an atmosphere much like half life. So good in fact, that you don´t even notice that you have to climb over obstacles, that you could easily circumvent if the world wasn´t 2D. It´s really sad that it suffers from the same problem many console ports and muti platform games suffer: akward and unresponsive controls. Jumping on and off things, especially when it has to be quick, made me almost break my keyboard multiple time and having to press shift and w too run and then press ctrl too roll is really akward. I haven´t tried using an xbox controller but that´s no excuse for not adapting the controls to the platform. I´d say if you want too play it try a controller or prepare to get your jimmies rustled.final verdict: story/visuals 9/10, controls 3/10"
,Recommended,211400,14357130,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Redhan,"Resident Evil and Prince of Persia (the original 2D one!) had a baby and his name is Deadlight. A nice game, brimming atmosphere. A real pity it is extremely short (about 4-5 hours), even if you try to get 100% of the secrets by yourself (I did). For hardcore gamers, there's a nightmare, no saves allowed, mode.Nevertheless, I recommend it, but maybe better at a discount."
,Recommended,211400,13770628,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,010100100100010101010011,"Good game for a good price. With a really beautiful zombie-apocalyptic ambience, and a good short story. This is a platform game type, so if you like that genre of game, this is the best you can get with this kind of theme."
,Recommended,211400,8477728,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,dpsk,"Beautiful and short game for 4-5 hours. Art is great, sound is awesome."
76561198001946948,Recommended,211400,2080272,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Sidd,Great game with a good atmosphere of post-apocalyptic horror.Required to undergo all :)
,Recommended,211400,13847308,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Flash@hOme2017,"Deadlight is very much an original game.It has a short gameplay but that doesnt change the fact that its very much a fine game.The characters (Mainly Wayne) failed to show emotion in a few of the scenes, however the easy-to-follow storyline makes up for this. Deadlight's achievements are fun to achieve and the leaderboard on the main menu keeps things competitive.I personally have encountered many bugs and glitches during my gameplay. If it wasn't an un-timely death from something unknown, then its a map glitch. If it is't a map glitch, it's the cut-scenes lacking their audio.The addition of the ""Nightmare mode"" gives the game much more of a challenge towards the player. I found this gamemode much fun, but the bugs and the glitches can very easily cause a un-needed death and cause you to restart from the beginning.Pros---------------------------Easy-to-follow storylineGreat graphicsChallenging achievementsNightmare modeCons---------------------------Lack of emotionGlitchesBugsI would recommend this game to anyone thats willing to overlook these bugs."
,Not Recommended,211400,11187984,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,justaScratch,"Deadlight starts solid as a good looking jump and run game with occasional use of items and weapons (more in the later stages).But after about the first half (1.5hours) it does go down hill very fast. More and more ctd's, xbox-controller input not beeing recongnized and lots of trial and error passages. The story unfolds more and more, by which it is getting dumb and dumber. It all ends in a new kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending.- unlikeable ""protagonist""- bad voiceover all around- still a alot of bugs- trial and error passages- unfair passages- weak and at the end laughable story+ does look very good at times+ the first half is solid+ if all works well the gameplay is fine"
,Recommended,211400,11320908,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dominant Chris,Its pretty decent game but its too short
,Not Recommended,211400,14295662,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Red Fleet,"When I first started Deadlight, I was instantly captivated by the atmosphere it created. Then it introduced clunky combat, and I thought, oh well, it's a zombie game, so I should feel weak and uncoordinated. I kept playing, and realized, no wait, this game is just sadistic. Jumping puzzles that require you to stand in exactly the right place, running sequences that require you to guess where the developer put traps, nonsensical puzzles- if you like tight, well-thought-out platforming, you've come to the right place.Throw in a second-thought plot and voice acting that sounds like it came from a high school play, and you've got Deadlight."
76561198025334672,Recommended,211400,13826458,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Lince,beautiful scenarios.no complex of 'the chosen one'.no super powers.an intriguing story.in my scale 9/10
,Recommended,211400,11976422,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Pondo,"(Slight spoilers, maybe?)The game is simple and yet so complex. The visuals are appealing and easy on the eyes. I'm not usually a big fan of zombie games (too much left 4 dead, burnt out) but I found Deadlight to be a lot of fun. The story kept driving me to find out what happens next. I also loved picking up the diary pages to read more about Wyane and what he's been through. The aiming was a little weird with guns but you'll get used to it quickly.Overall I really enjoyed the game. The ending sort of surprised me. I could see something was going on with Wyane but I didn't expect what was to come in the end. I was a little mad to be honest. Not because of poor design or story. I had just wanted a good outcome."
,Recommended,211400,14277925,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bishop19,"The story is minimal but engaging, and the ending is unexpected - in a good way. A couple of sections stumble a bit, but not enough to detract from what is an engaging, memorable experience. An excelent game with no doubt!"
,Recommended,211400,13891645,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,I. Osman,"Deadlight has smart level designs and awesome gameplay mechanic. In every level there is a lot of details. You always try to find some secrets. That makes gameplay longer. You can't forget the story with your journal,sinematics and with the secrets in the game.Deadlight has very nice soundtracks. The soundtracks change in every scene so you can't get bored while you are playing the game.To the other zombie games,Deadlight is more storyline and parkour based. And that makes the Deadlight different from the other zombie games.But Deadlight still has some bugs. And the artificial intelligence could be better. But anyway,they don't make the game unplayable. If you like storyline based zombie games try Deadlight."
,Recommended,211400,8578802,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Pluppen,This game is freakin' awesome! It's kind of different from other zombie/survivor games out there. The story is really good too even though I accidentally skipped a few cut-scenes. Really recommend it.
76561198080408416,Recommended,211400,8467981,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,◥▶ ◀◤ CATZEYEZ,love it thaks microsoft alot of people are not into this game but i love the implemented parkour idea.
76561198021542234,Recommended,211400,8490131,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Your Bullet Wound Hero,"7.8/10Great Game, Great story, Loved voice acting as well, Its got a really cool look to it!My downfall is the engine, Its very touchy at times, Most the time that I died was from actions not happening when I wanted them tooBut all and all Its a great game for some fun.I don't know about the origonal price tag, But if its on sale its compleatly worth checking out!"
,Recommended,211400,13445124,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fitroni,very nice .. must try it!!!!
,Recommended,211400,5711340,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,vonblubba 🍺,"A sort of cross between the (excellent) visuals of ""Limbo"" and the (also excellent) storyline of ""The walking dead"". The result falls short, though. Not bad, but gameplay gets boring quite fast."
76561197971751339,Not Recommended,211400,23967403,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pev69,"I'm downvoting this because the greedy devs/publisher recently released a ""director's cut"" which is supposedly an enhanced and fixed version, BUT they are not offering owners of this game even a discount to get the newer version, they made a separate store page for it, and they aren't even mentioning the new game in this page. I have not played this game for a long time, I remember it was OK, with some frustrating run or combat scenes."
,Recommended,211400,13267883,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,AGENT007,Nice story and gameplay.Love the environment and those little effects :)The only bad thing is its little bit hard to play from keyboard cause this designed for controllers.Highly Recomends A++++
,Recommended,211400,8618821,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,宇都宮しをん,"game zombieee,indie tapi critane mantebbside scrolling kiri-kanan ,sayang tokoh utama akhir nya...upps spoiler"
,Recommended,211400,98121,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Mr [Gh0st],"★★★★☆Wonderful game, but unfortunately quite short..."
,Recommended,211400,29090426,Posted: 7 January,all,Maverick Saturn,"Deadlight isn't a long or particularly original experience, but it is fun while it lasts and that's really what matters.I don't always go into a game expecting full originality, that's a pretty difficult feat nowadays, what with most topics already having been covered in one way or another, but that doesn't stop Deadlight from being an enjoyable game. The storyline leaves a little to be desired, it's not worth writing home about and character development is mediocre at best, but it's the gameplay that shines. Your first go at Deadlight will be very much an experience of trial and error, where in most circumstances you will be encouraged to use your initiative to solve the issue, but don't take too long, there will more than likely be zombies ready to chomp on your♥♥♥♥♥Deadlight is similar to games like Limbo or This War of Mine, so expect gameplay similar to that.Never feeling overpowered or too overwhelmed for circumstances that don't require it, gives the game a nice sense of balance that'll keep you playing addictively. Let's be honest, this isn't a game that'll take you too long to complete, you are more than capable of completing it within a few hours, but that said, it doesn't outstay its welcome either.There are a few quetionable design choices here and there, mostly interface related, as well as some moments of head scratching, though because of lack of direction or just puzzle solving freedom, one may never know. Also it should be known that this game was clearly designed with Xbox in mind, so don't expect PC friendly intuitivity right off the bat.If you can put aside the minor flaws, there's a good game here, not groundbreaking, not original, but enough to make it a fun experience."
,Recommended,211400,8639013,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Cerique,"Solid gameplay and story, fantastically presented. A couple of frustrating sections, and I'd have liked it to be longer, but other than that no gripes at all. Brilliant soundtrack and visuals."
,Recommended,211400,13215839,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ZìRáN,"1986, World has gone to hell in a hand basket and you are among the few survivors. A plague has ravaged the civilization and turned most of humans into living dead, called ""shadows"".You take control of Randy in a quest to search for your family, constant survival is present all the way till the end. Running away from the shadows, battling the environments, using wits and brute force to overcome a variety of situations. This is an engaging survival story, albeit short.The backgrounds are very impressive and detailed, manouvering around them with the 2D movement feels very satisfying.If you are looking for some solo zombie apocalypse action with some nice twists, here is a reliable pick for that!"
76561198345411144,Recommended,211400,30295997,Posted: 3 March,all,brunodn.leal,"This game is an average zombie-themed game but the gameplay and level design (in most levels) is what sets it appart from anything I´ve played.The gameplay is fun, simple and very addictive. The graphics are good for a side-scroller but the story is painfully bad (and cliché) and very short. It took me around 5 to 6 hours to complete the game if I erased all the frustrating cheap deaths in some levels. I´ve suffered sound loss during many cutsceenes which I don´t know if it was a bug or not (which is odd for such a ""graphically simple"" game). Still for it´s price it´s not that bad. The achievements are all achievable except the stupid ""Nigthmare Mode"" which you have to complete the whole game ...WITH ONLY ONE F****** LIFE !!! (Yeah ...good luck for you with all the cheap deaths in this game!).I was going to give this game a high 5/10 but for being such a different game from what I´m used to, I´m not.This is why my final rating for this game is 6/10."
,Not Recommended,211400,10951790,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Don,"Graphics and all is great, the controls are really jacked up, it makes you screw up and have to reload checkpoints multiple times. Don't get this for 15bucks. Also extremely short, I believe i beat it in one sitting, a couple hours?"
,Recommended,211400,8456543,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MrLinx,"Awesome game. The gameplay combined with the creative visuals and the great  atmosphere created around the main character (Randall Wayne), make this game one of the bests in indie categorie, and one of the best game about zombies in the market.Prós+ Visuals.+ Great  atmosphere.+ Polished gameplay.Cons- Main plot ends fast.Score:9/10"
,Recommended,211400,13285567,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Rhan/Ran,"This game is just amazing a hidden gem for me. I didn't know about it until it was reccomended for me, it looked good so I bought it and it was a great use of my money. All I can say that if you are thinking of getting this game just do its amazing and you wont regret it. However it is quite short so be warned."
76561198022945302,Recommended,211400,19980235,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,had3s,"Greetings,So,pff what to say ...The game and idea of this kind a game is very good in my oppinion,BUT ....the gameplay must be much much better. I got glitched through wall,I walked on air, the helicopter part,the heli went through me and didnt kill me. The controls are also very anoying,happend several time that character goes fully nutz and goes back/jumps/ without me pressing controls to do so. Also killing zombie with axe sometimes takes like 20hits to kill it,and sometimes just goes for 1shoot.The story itself is in some part good and in some part very bad .... I wont spoil for those who didnt played it but,at the end of game I was like .. really,that is best what you can do ?The game is worth buying only when is on sale,buying it on full price is very bad idea and I DO NOT RECOMEND IT!"
,Recommended,211400,13703853,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Meowzaa,"Good game if u do like zombie survival. nice gameplay, storyline but the only thing i hate that this game its hard to play with controller. but still i like it. recommended"
,Recommended,211400,13832089,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Acabart,Too much death not enough light . 8/10IGN-2/10 Still not CODGamespot-69/10 Better than COD
76561197969544001,Recommended,211400,359088,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"Very cool, a lot like Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee, but with zombies and a different theme/look. Perfect cheap indie for the holiday."
,Recommended,211400,8195657,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Crow,Awesome Game!!! Really enjoying it.
,Recommended,211400,22148616,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,X66,"Absolutely amazing game.  Brilliant story, attention to detail is obsessive compulsive, game mechanics and controls are great, graphics are stunningly bleak and depressing.. in a good way.Just way too short. Want more!"
76561198051042303,Recommended,211400,14730684,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,R00rbak,"This is a fun zombie side-scrolling platformer with an interesting comic-book like story. I did however find some parts of the game really annoying which led me to put this game down. However when i finally marched on through the annoying parts and finished the game i was really happy with how the story ended and happy that I decided to get this game while it was on sale.After you finish the game you can also replay the game in Nightmare-mode which rewards you with an alternativeending (one that is more fitting than the original ending imo). However nightmare mode really is a nightmare as it's sort of a perma-death and you can't save, the only checkpoints are in between the chapters. The game is also not very responsive as a platformer which is especially killing in nightmare mode as you could die due to bugs/glitches in the game or just controllerfarts. For that reason I have never finished nightmare mode; I just watched the alternative ending on youtube.Either way this game is only worth getting if it's on sale for 6 euros or less and you like the idea of a platforming zombie game with an interesting story! Mind you it's not the best story ever told and quite counter intuitive in my mind, but I still enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,211400,819464,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Trez75,"A beautiful little platform/puzzler. A mix of Limbo, Left for Dead and the original Prince of Persia. Its a really well visualised world which really does have the feel of the post zombie apocalypse world and there's a wonderfu;l fluidity to it. Really a very good little indie game. Its not massively long but then it doesn't need to be. The plot's great and the little comic-strip cut scenes don't detract from the action. Only flaw is some slightly ropey ""collision detection"". Zombies in the background are all of a sudden on top of you. All in all though and very enjoyable game. Score 9/10"
76561198049581143,Not Recommended,211400,24094269,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Schwarz_Weiß,"Nice in the beginning, then it gets more and more to a frustrating retry orgy...Also crashes from time to time, what means the whole level has to be repeated...And yeah the same when you exit, it just chooses to reset you somewhere at the beginning of the level, far from your last save... why? can't they respect the wish to exit the game and play tomorrow..."
76561198010991545,Recommended,211400,2681594,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,CrochaN,"One of the best arcade survival horror games ever made. Excellent graphics, amazing gameplay and storyline. If you ask me, it's a ""must have"" kind of game.."
,Recommended,211400,11226165,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"Deadlight is one of the very few side-scrollers that I have enjoyed in modern gaming.  The graphics, even though they are just from the side, looks really impressive throughout the game.  The story line is interesting, although not very original.  However, the ending is good, even a little profound.  This counts for a lot.  It's game is just downright fun.The negative side of things are somewhat inherent with a PC side-scroller.  First of all, this is an xBox port, and its not the worst port out there but I hate seeing those xBox buttons pop up on the screen.  The other issue is that PC controls for the type of game are always a bit odd.  Most of the time they work quite well.  However, in the last parts of the game the challenges get really tricky just because its difficult to mash your keyboard in the exact right way.All said, this is a fun game, good for maybe 3-5 hours, which is just right for this type of game.  You won't regret buying it."
,Recommended,211400,13852523,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Evaheist,"Deadlight is mainly a platformer game with minor combat and puzzle elements spread throughout its 3 hour run. The protagonist is in search of his disappeared wife and daughter in the midst of a zombie apocalypse in Canada. The story is nothing to write home about and any ""twist"" it tries to throw at you simply falls flat. There are two reasons for this: 1- The cutscenes are presented with a semi-dynamic comic book look which look acceptable but never convey the sense of danger or excitement that the game wants to go for. 2- The voice acting is HORRENDOUS. The protagonist and every living person he comes across are extremely annoying characters always ready to spout poetic sentences about how everything has gone to hell. The zombies themselves are actually very well voiced.Graphically, the game looks very good. The animations are smooth and the artistic environment design is top-notch. I had a major framerate dips when things became a little too chaotic though. The game uses physx for some nice destuction and ragdoll effects. The developers talk so much about this game being set in the 80s, but other than being reminded in a single monologue and the load screen (which resembles a cassette tape) I couldn't really define a specific era for the game. It just seemed like another current-day world to me.You can think of the gameplay as a poor man's Shadow Complex (a little Shank as well). And by poor, I mean extremely shallow and linear. All you ever need to do 99% of the game is run and jump. Sometimes there's the random box pushing puzzle, switch pushing, shooting a lock, but you're constantly moving forward. You can do a little scavenging to find useless secrets though which don't add to the experience one bit.Deadlight has a few bugs but mostly it's smooth sailing. I didn't have audio in the cutscenes at first which was fixed by re-installing the game.The detailed animations mean that your character will be reacting to your button presses with a bit of lag which definitely lead to some frustrating deaths. What's unique about this game is that most of the time, you shouldn't fight the zombies but rather run away from them which leads to some very exciting scenarios where you are running away from a hungry horde. You get to wield a revolver, a shotgun and a slingshot (only used in a single chapter) but never enough ammo to stand by and start picking off the zombies.The game can be finished in under 3 hours and you unlock Nightmare mode that doesn't have any saves. As extras, you get concept pictures and ""making of"" videos which I found to be utterly boring and not worth the time.If you don't care about the lackluster story, short length and some minor bugs, I actually think you'd enjoy Deadlight. You probably won't care for it after the 3 hours spent to finish it but those 3 hours will be an exciting albeit lackluster experience. Thumbs up for a developer with potential."
76561198009430218,Recommended,211400,16567666,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,JacoRay,"Deadlight is a pretty good game. Good story, gameplay, graphics are decent for a sidescrolling 3D game, etc. etc.I shouldn't have to talk about it being a post-apocalyptic game, there tons of those now these days as it is, how does it compare to others? Well it doesn't particularly stand out. It's not overly outlandish but at least it's not I Am Alive, which sucked.I guess my biggest gripe with this game is, well there's two things, one being the cut scenes. I can understand an indie studio wanting to focus on gameplay and perhaps because they were short on time, they opted for motion graphics. Yet some of the cutscenes are still fully 3D so the mixture of those felt awkward and out of place. This game never came off as being comic bookish. My other issue was something menial, the fact that zombies paths are suddenly blocked when they could just as easily go around that object seeing as most of the zombies in the game come towards you from the background anyway.Those are really my only two complaints, otherwise, pretty good indie game. Great level design. Etc. Etc.8.5/10"
76561198083068272,Recommended,211400,17559575,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,TheBeak,"This was a pretty solid platformer for the most part.  I enjoyed the story, graphics, gameplay and atmosphere.   It's a cool mix of survival horror flavor with old fashioned run, gun and jump antics. Nightmare mode was an absolute dog that took me 21 hours in and of itself to complete, doing it the old school way; no cheats, no walkthrough, no trainers and no memorizing.  If I could go back and do it all again...I wouldn't!  Ha ha ha, but I enjoyed the game enough to try to complete all of the modes available even if my own suffering was eventually nearly too much to bear.  As I don't use a controller for PC games, I have to say that there was just enough wonkiness to call the controls a decently royal pain in the butt.  I would hit the buttons to do the requisite actions when I had pretty much every segment of the game memorized but sometimes Randall wouldn't respond at all, do a completely different action than required or be a stubborn mule and do nothing at all, curiously making me inquire to the obstinate Mr. Wayne, ""Please tell me what you're doing and why you did that.Here's some traditional pros and cons for this mostly enjoyable s.o.b. of a game:Pros-Cool settings, graphics and sound-When the platforming works it's alot of fun-Plenty of challenge on Nightmare mode-Good mix of situations and gameplay ideas-Satisfying shooting-Fun environmental puzzles (just challenging enough lending a little Prince of Persia/Castlevania fun)Cons-Way too easy on normal mode.-When the platforming doesn't work, expect frequent calls to the suicide hotline-Nightmare mode almost too difficult (even 2 lives would have been nice)-Certain dialogue scenes not skippable (a real aggravator during Nightmare mode)-More time in the overworld would be nice (the Rat's lair is kind of a stinker)Though I missed a collectable or two and a few other achievements (I ended with 74%), I can honestly say I won't be going back to find them!  The 21 hours spent on Nightmare were more than enough for me.  Glad I have insomnia and stay up late even when I have to work or I would have never finished it.  Though Deadlight is far from perfect, there is something about it that keeps you coming back for that next exhilarting moment of dodging a zombie horde, nailing an impossible series of jumps/rolls and giving the undead both barrells of your shotgun.  It kept me going for about 5 days.  Nightmare Mode though...phew...good luck with that.Overall rating:  7.5/10"
,Recommended,211400,4010125,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Songbird,Died jumping into the electrified puddle.Died falling off a cliff into a water.Died jumping from a fifth floor casually not grappling onto a ledge.Best porting ever.10/10 would jump again.
76561198074724844,Recommended,211400,6772042,"Posted: 15 November, 2012",all,Rock n' Roll,Разок стоит)
76561198188726475,Recommended,211400,31308659,Posted: 22 April,all,中空から,"Deadlight can be considered a zombie game. It has a great story and brings you into a story of a man named Randall Wayne on his journeey to find his wife (Stella) and his daughter (Lydia).He questions his memory of what he did when the outbreak first happened, and gives you flashbacks/nightmares of what happened, and helps you with the story. It's a game where you can only walk left or right in our view, but you have to jump, and manuever through obstacles placed in your path.The story is phenomenal, and had me all hooked till the end. The game is relatively short but some parts proved to be a challenge.Overall definetly a good game with a great story and well worth your time."
,Not Recommended,211400,15676300,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Crowes,Really puts the “♥♥♥♥” in “I pressed that♥♥♥♥ingbutton.”
,Recommended,211400,13812610,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Schnidel,"I liek it. I Is gud in dis gaem!! 15/10But srsly. It looks really great, and it plays well. I really enjoyed it, even tho I'm not finished with the game yet :-)still worth: 15/10"
76561198034738350,Not Recommended,211400,8740533,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Clockwise,lousy game. tedious and awkward as hell.
,Recommended,211400,13681936,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,fpeezy,"This was a fun game, even though it was short. It's currently selling for a massive sale price of -90% off. Try this one out if you liked Prince of Persia, Flashback, etc.."
,Recommended,211400,8846503,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,asmodeas,really great game had lots of fun while playing it even if i died to much some times :P
,Recommended,211400,2078440,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,rainbowrocky,游戏的bug不少，优化也不是太好，虽然都不是太严重，但是也挺让人难受。除去bug，游戏本身是很不错的，画面精美，动作流畅，剧情神马的都不错，用虚幻3.5引擎有点浪费感觉，如果是像素级画面可能又一个神作诞生了。。。
,Recommended,211400,29050857,Posted: 5 January,all,🍎,"It's not too bad of a game. I would definitely recommend it to those who can run it. You will receive no enjoyment from this game if you are getting frames less than 30. There are too many obstacles that require fluid frames to accomplish. The story was pretty straight forward. The soundtrack and graphics of this game are remarkable. I did come by a few bugs and glitches where my character did some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥ but all in all, it was a good game. A majority of it is easy, but when the obstacles become a bit more complex, it will require more time to ponder what your next move should be. Also a very quick and important note: the controls are a bit cumbersome to conquer. You will not pass this game without having come to a stop by some very frustrating obstacle requiring you to have mastered the controls."
,Recommended,211400,34657233,Posted: 1 September,all,Neko-Nya~!,"Interesting side-scroller story involving some platforming and zombies.The story is a little on the short side (around 4hrs), with some of the platforming being alittle on the harder side.The art style is unique and atmosphere created is interesting but given the price of the game, I would only recommend you buy on a sale."
,Recommended,211400,9050663,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Mesenzio,"Fantastic game! Beautiful art direction and brilliant platform! I am really not a fan of the zombie genre, but this game had me hooked from beginning to the end! Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,211400,29939196,Posted: 15 February,all,Valii1,Liked this game. Sometimes there was moments where the character wouldn't do what I press on keyboard. Playing with controller made it better.
76561198042225625,Not Recommended,211400,16029263,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ikkiyakki,"a stupid 'atmospheric' arcade with clumsy interface, full of triggers & tutorial shaite, with markers like where you should go, so very linear, more like an interactive movie which's inconvenient to watchthe good think is it looks nice, lended its looks to a great game 'This War of Mine'"
,Recommended,211400,260572,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Captain Serious,"Do you like zombie games?  Do you like classic platform games like the original Prince of Persia or Out of this World?  Then you'll love Deadlight.   Deadlight is amazing.The background art, atmosphere, and soundtrack  in this game are awesome.  I was totally immersed in this cliche zombie apocalypse story because it's so well done and executed.Each chapter begins and ends with a comic book style cinematic that set the stage for the level.  The platforming puzzles are fun and challenging without ever feeling impossible or too simplistic.  The zombie combat is mostly a puzzle too, since this is a platform game and not side-scroll shooter.I really enjoyed this, and rate it a must play for fans of Limbo or the previous mentioned classics."
,Not Recommended,211400,14172029,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,eldee,"Don't get me wrong, it has redeeming qualities. The problem is that the game is frustrating to play- every time you die in this game (and you will die A LOT) you will want to throw your controller through a wall because you're constantly fighting the terrible controls. It's like trying to play one of the old action platformers like Out of this World or Flashback, but with even less precise controls and constant replaying of long stretches because the game checkpoints you so infrequently.The designers constantly break their own rules, and then punish you for not knowing ahead of time that they were going to do it. For example- you're taught that a ledge that is about 15 ft off the ground is something you can jump up and grab- but in later sequences in the game, you're going to be pressured to move quickly (ie: chased by a helicopter that is shooting at you), but in those sequences they deliberately make it so you can't grab ledges in order to slow you down.. you have to climb a chainlink fence rather than vault over it, etc. Additionally, it's often hard to tell what's in the foreground and what's in the background- so in those same sequences, expect to replay them over and over again because you couldn't tell that the box was in the foreground and it stops you in your tracks.At one point in the game this sewer dwelling old man takes your weapons- then asks you to save his son for him, which you do. At no point are your weapons ever returned and the game never addresses this point. In fact, in one cut-scene later on when you're rescuing the guy's son, the kid asks ""why didn't you shoot"" and I wanted to yell ""because your stupid ♥♥♥♥ing hobo dad took my♥♥♥♥♥♥and never gave it back, you little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"".Anyway.. i digress. The game starts out pretty fun and interesting- quickly becomes repetitive and frustrating. I'd only recommend it at a deep discount."
,Recommended,211400,18458308,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Locket,"I liked this game. Its very short but enjoyable.Its a end of the world zombie apocalypse side scrolling platformer.The art work and backdrops are really great it looks awesome gives it a real sense of atmosphere, the cutscenes are all drawn and look really good too. The platforming is good not too clunky on the keyboards I didn't find it too difficult. The levels were ok some of it was a bit trial end error, going over parts till you got it right and I think when reading other reviews thats what people didn't like but it didn't really bother me.Came for the zombies stayed for the atmosphere.I enjoyed it for 5 hours. Recommended."
,Recommended,211400,7941925,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DareO,"Good atmosphere, briliant music and quite good story. Better on gamepad.7.5/10"
,Recommended,211400,5378014,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,sdrago,"Проходится за 3-4 часа, очень лёгкая, но весьма и весьма красивая."
,Not Recommended,211400,14435882,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,The Colonel,"Some men are Dead to Rights. Others are Dead to Lights. And then a few still, who lack the proper character limits, are Deadlight. This is a story of a man who is Deadlight.In Deadlight, you play as a man with a beard who is looking for his family. He talks to other survivors, and then zombies kill them and he kills the zombies. There are flashback scenes, and grittily stylized 2D motion comic cutscenes. Eventually the zombies are replaced with the worst kind of men--mad men. They are even worse than the underground platforming dungeons of the rat men who literally call themselves The Rat in an epic blunder clearly lacking any degree of subtlety or self-awareness. There is no subtlety in this world. Only death. Memento mori. RIP.But during all of this thrilling and very thoughtful storytelling, there is something... wrong. There is something off about this whole experience. Maybe you don't realize it yet, but the main character does, slowly. As the story progresses and things reach their ultimate conclusion, all is suddenly brought to light and the darkest innermost secret of the world is revealed.You bought a bad video game."
76561198128915496,Recommended,211400,10223070,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,InvaderToden,im digin this game much
,Recommended,211400,10194759,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,The Baptist Baby,"play as the most stereotypical 'badass' character conceived of as you die in like 3 hits from a billion zombies. fun game though, running is cool and it looks pretty good"
,Recommended,211400,9374951,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Warrior,Survival platformer suffers from some minor bugs but its atmosphere and gameplay elements are catchy and satisfying enough to give it a try. 7/10
76561197971843161,Not Recommended,211400,8583394,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Wikitibah!!!,"The description sounded cool but it's barely worth the $2-3 I paid for it. The voice acting is bad, the story is predictable, and the puzzles are annoying. They are more timing related then challenging. I was expecting more zombie killing and a setting that was more creepy. I beat the normal mode in about 3 hours. I have no plans on trying Nightmare mode."
,Recommended,211400,7857240,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,O.Z.[DLR.A],Great Game!!!
76561198071031383,Recommended,211400,9765556,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Seebetterfromadistance,"Deadlight is among my top 10 favorite games. The atmosphere in this terrific game is intoxicating, voice acting is great, the scenery is gorgeous, and the story will keep you coming back time after time until you finish. There's a perfect mix of tense action, puzzle solving, and quiet down moments.Gameplay consists of simple platforming and challenging combat. However combat is so discouraged in the game that it's almost always better to avoid the Shadows than to actually confront them, which only makes every forced encouter a hair raising experience. Unfortunately, there are some frustrating ""trial and error"" times where you might have to restart 5 times to get it right. This breaks the atmosphere and absorbing nature of the game, but not enough to make it an experience changer.I cannot say enough about the art direction of this game. The background is truly the star here. To just pause for a moment and look at what's behind you is sometimes breathtaking. This is a beautiful game. The music is also fantastic, which is actually best experienced by just sitting at the main menu and listening. The cut scenes are drawn comic pages with something moving in them. This is slightly offputting as the rest of the game is so gorgeous, it would seem that the cutscenes deserved more love and attention than they received. However the great voice acting makes up for most of this.The story follows Randal Wayne as he attempts to find and save his wife and daughter while alos taking care of other survivors he's grown close to. The story is gripping and sometimes heartbreaking, with a ending that is completely out of the blue; I never saw it coming. The game somehow manages to change your entire perspective on the main character and the game itself, all in one final extremely well put together cut scene.So should you buy it?The answer to this comes with a question: are you a gamer who plays for the experience or for the simple purpose of playing a game? If you enjoy an immersing experience, then by all means this is for you. However if you only play games because of good gameplay (COD, TF2) but not because of the story or experience they present, you might find yourself bored.Synopsis:Deadlight is a fantastic EXPERIENCE. Gameplay may lack in a few areas, but overall Deadlight is a beautiful game that deserves all the hype it has recieved."
,Not Recommended,211400,9826729,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Flash0ver,"Cool idea with a nicely created atmosphere, but plagued by clunky platforming, un-responsive controls and too many trial and error moments. a 3 hour game thats maybe worth $3."
,Recommended,211400,24228597,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Z4NN1N,"Adventure platformer with zombies...Right. But it turns out to be a rather good one at that. You'll find occasional puzzles on how to advance now and there are moments where you do not entirely follow the choices some characters make. Also Titanic moments (Jack would totally fit on the door aswell) but all in all, I find the artstyle in game and cutscenes pleasing, Game runs flawlessly and controls are smooth."
,Not Recommended,211400,14508903,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Morbid,"Decent running and jumping scenes, and it has a nice atmosphere in about 60 minutes before it disappears just like your self respect after you have wanked off after S&M midget porn.But everything else is bad:Bad scavenging systemBad story and scenariosBad controlls and reaction timeBadarinoo characters and voiceactingBadastic ending"
,Recommended,211400,10933328,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Semiskimmed,"Very enjoyable game, No idea why it got the bad reviews. Maybe issues on release? But all seems fine now.Great atmosphere, runs well but just a little too short so best to snap this up in a sale!"
76561198170580739,Not Recommended,211400,13737721,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TELA POHUNG,Whenever i jumped from the windows after searching medicine for BEN in chapter ''MEDICINE MAN' the game was crashed and my PC got freezed & hang ... please Developer Just ♥♥♥♥ING FIX THIS ... wasting my money
,Recommended,211400,1291807,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,• Moayad,good game .. maybe some boring thing!but Sweet ;DMy Rating : 7/10
76561198104118583,Recommended,211400,20096770,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,danni,"Enjoyed this a bit too much.. combined some nice things that managed to keep me from gettin bored. Parkour, zombies, puzzles, some challenging moments (chopper scene fml), collectables, different weapons, nice imagery / levels, a story (meh) and some pretty laughable voice acting (not deliberate I'm guessing but it kept me loling).Mechanics were a little off. Nightmare Mode (no deaths, no checkpoints) is pretty much impossible to complete since you're bound to have at least one death due to derpy unresponsive controls... but who would really wanna sit through that anyway?Hope they master their basics and bring out an even better atmosphericy side scrolly thing. (:"
76561198047868578,Not Recommended,211400,11920812,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,jcbvickers,"Do not buy this game at full price, it will be a huge let down, it was for me and I payed 3 U.S Dollars.  The controls suck, the zombie dispatching is terrible, the plot is okay at best, and there's one major plot hole I couldn't let myself get over, I won't spoil it in case you actually want to play this game. If you're looking for a game with zombies and parkour, wait until February 2015 for Dying Light."
,Not Recommended,211400,9325045,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,odr4cir,"I want to start by saying that, me not recommending this game, has nothing to do with the game itself per se. It’s the pc port that it’s just awful and makes it unbearable to play (for me at least) as it stands at the moment.I’ve had constant slowdowns, hiccups, freezes, crashes, you name it.If the bugs and issues get solved with patching I’ll get right back to it, but until then it’s a big no no for me.For the game itself I really was enjoying the ambience and story up to the point that I’m at.The game mechanics (combat/plaforming) rely on stamina management which make you feel really vulnerable adding up to the immersion. You’re not going to rambo your way out of tight situations, you need to think and act fast, that’s the motto.Although the game is only sidescrolling, it never felt linear nor boring even there being no choice of path to take. It presents you with such a variety of situations that it makes the lack of choice secondary since you get so immersed in it.Just to end it, I really wish they fix performance issues because I want to play the full experience, not the bugged one :(Not all hope is lost, since we’ve seen this before with pc ports of XBLA games like this one.Magicka for instance suffered from lots of issues when it came out on pc, now runs smooth as butter."
76561197972721795,Not Recommended,211400,9483280,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,shadowbond,Terrible controls otherwise completely ruin what could have been a great game. Don't waste your time with this sad mess unless you want a vein to pop in your head. 0/10 would not recommend.
76561197972303336,Not Recommended,211400,8950795,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Blackout,"I love this type side scrolling platformer/action game, it reminds me of Trine.  Despite the played out zombie genre the game is interesting enough.  It falls short in a few areas though.The controls are sloppy for interacting with the environment.  You'll often find yourself swinging over the top of a fence a few times before ended up where you want to me.  The game honestly feels like a poor console port as far as controls go.The event triggering is hit or miss.  I had to reload the first area from checkpoint after I passed the ambulance because I could not progress to the next area, the character would simply run into an invisible wall.  I've experienced similar issues three times now.After leaving the Rat and the sewers, and after running from the helicopter the kid says something like 'Why didn't you shoot them?' in a cutscene, when I never even got my revolver back after it was taken by the Rat.  The following area has a lock that needs to be shot and since I'm apparently supposed to have a revolver but do not, I'm stuck.I can deal with a bug here or there but this game is simply unfinished. I gave up on the game at that point.This is the product of lazy development and poor quality control."
76561198006880345,Recommended,211400,13733622,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Beef Supreme,"Deadlight is a platformer in the spirit of Flashback and Prince of Persia.  It introduces inviting 3d backgrounds which sometimes participate in the 2d game space.  Set in Seattle during a zombie apocalypse, the plot is engaging, but follows a somewhat cliche path.  The game requires lots of jumping, and a fair amount of combat and enemy evasion.Perhaps also in the spirit of games like Flashback and Prince of Persia, Deadlight has a half dozen or so extremely frustrating sections which will have you repeatedly screaming at your monitor. During several of these, the player is required to complete a nearly flawless gambit within a time trial.  Such sections are exacerbated by a specific control issue which annoyingly, and involuntarily, switches your character from one side of a ledge to another.A full play-through will take about six hours but there is some replay value for those looking to collect all of the hidden items or replay on nightmare mode.  Overall, if you like zombie-themed games and platformers, I would give it a try, but only if it is on sale for under $5.00."
,Recommended,211400,13615293,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Waiter,"One really deep game, i liked it a lot ! The storyline and the gameplay were also great ! The ending was really amazing and deep ! I would play it again ! Good Job !11/10 !"
,Not Recommended,211400,10885279,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cabrini green kun~,"Beautiful but tedious atmospheric platformer. Can't tell whether it wants a grizzled survivalist cliche or shell shocked family man for its protagonist, so our guy is awkwardly both. Deadlight's buggy controls let down genuinely suspenseful moments, where gloriously orchestrated frustration and desperation get drowned out by the more pressing tale of man against his keyboard.The main issue though is that the poor devs didn't realize that in games like this, less can be more- take out the cut scenes and dialogue and let the player fill in the blanks. We can be clever like that. Worked for Limbo, would've worked here. If they'd given us some credit we might've had an arthouse Jacob's Ladder for the zombie age."
,Recommended,211400,8125234,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Dark_Novak,"Oh geez ;-; Where to begin with this. It's a 2D platformer, with cool mechanics and meanwihle it doesn't bring anything revolutionary mechanically, what you do in this game is new to me from anything I've played, and the story is completely worth the $15. And if it's on sale, there is no reason you shouldn't buy it right then."
,Recommended,211400,20039390,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Solo,The game is just great!
,Recommended,211400,9063381,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Vytherium,"Deadlightis one of the more memorable zombie games ive played and heres why:The Story, The World, The ZombiesThis is a 2.5D game and a nice one at that, the atmosphere is compelling and the journey you take is enjoyable to say the least. From the start your a little in over your head, the zombies are out in force and you have to run, run where? well to find your family obviously (seriously... every time.) But who cares the art style is beautiful, and the gameplay is fun.Axes, Guns and DelusionsBring you axe, bring your pistol, bring your shotgun and dont forget to pick up the pieces of your journal along the way, but dont ask me how all these pages got ahead of you, I honestly dont know but its a nice feature to flesh out the story and take a break from the Linear for a little light reading.The Characters (Spoilers, Spoilers everywhere!)Its hard to really describe any of the characters as you get about 5 second with them each before they suffer a horrible death. Right from the start we see ourself killing a zombie bitten friend and then were split off from the others in a hearbeat, when we finally catch up with a member of our crew he is within the last seconds of his life, and our final two members are kidnapped by the new law. From the three of us left, two die, ill give you two guesses. There is however one reclusive character we meet who is more fleshed out and actually very interesting""The Rat""and he's build himself a junkyard fortress ofDeathunderground, thats just awesome right? it is.Overall Rating: 7.5/10Why I gave this Rating:If I was to rate this game on atmosphere alone it would get10/10for being one of the more beautiful/atmospheric zombie games i've played (Beautiful being an odd choice of word for a zombie game but still.) As a whole the game followed a pretty generic storyline, and a short one at that, I completed the game in a single 2-3 hour sitting; this isnt all bad however for as short as it is its memorable and doesnt burn you out from endless levels. The fact that you learn very little about the personality or anything for that matter for the vast majority of characters introduced (including the new law, our evil enemy faction) also affected my rating. Overall I enjoyed this game and if what i've wrote is ""your thing"" you will to."
,Recommended,211400,10572771,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,snakepaws,"Deadlight is a decent game. It's a 2.5D action puzzle platformer. I'm using the term ""puzzle"" loosely, as it's mainly just physics-based stuff. The story is written well enough to keep you pressing on til the end, but it's more of a means to an end. The game mechanics are pretty responsive, and the game itself isn't overly difficult. However, there are a few moments that'll make you grit your teeth and want to yank out your hair - mostly timing-based moments, or when you swear you hit jump, but the character just didn't do it, etc. You're looking at about 6-8 hours of gameplay, depending on how thorough you want to be."
,Not Recommended,211400,14286026,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Garham,"This game has gorgeous environments and a cool setting. But after playing a couple of hours it is obvious that the game is all about repetitive trial and error. After reaching Rat's maze that became more obvious. That combined with the clunky controlling...nah. I cannot recommend this game to anyone but real fans of sidescrolling games, who want to play it just because of the fact that it's a sidescrolling game."
,Recommended,211400,10016611,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,mi1345,"This game is free for xbox live gold members right now,LOL"
,Not Recommended,211400,10861963,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vesuvius,no.
,Recommended,211400,11051274,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kilink,"Beautiful graphics and sounds, lacks on gameplay, ordinary story but after all should be played."
,Recommended,211400,8747177,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Rex the Dumpling Egg,"It's a nice little enjoyable platformer, if a bit short. Worth playing for it's art style alone in my opinion."
,Recommended,211400,7778602,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Death_SpecteR,"Pretty awesome for a platformer, and I usually hate platformer games."
76561198006320790,Recommended,211400,34140108,Posted: 9 August,all,marsuf,A nice little game for in between. Awesome visuals and engaging story-telling included.
76561198184962397,Recommended,211400,21883556,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Lula Molusco,good gameinteresting history
76561197971078704,Recommended,211400,12536157,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,jonpol,"I can definitely understand why many people had issues with this game and I definitely wouldn't recommend it to everyone, but if you liked Flashback, Another World, or the original Prince of Persia then I think you should give it a chance. All three were a conscious influence for the developers, and I personally consider each of those to be all-time favorites of mine; despite its many flaws I enjoyed the time I spent with it."
,Recommended,211400,18829328,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,EvilSpaniard,"I have over 500 games in my Steam account, and the vast majority of them are still unplayed. So now I'm dedicating an hour to each of these games and writing a series of One Hour Reviews. An hour isn't very long to judge a game on, so think of this as more of a first impression, and take this review in the spirit in which it's given. Be sure to read other reviews from players who have spent more time in the game.One Hour Reviews #43 - DeadlightI'll start by saying I love the art style in Deadlight.  This is definitely the strong point of the game.  The entire game is a 2D side scroller, but the attention to detail is really well done.Unlike other zombie games I've played, there isn't as much of an emphasis on combat in this game.  It's really more about using your parkour skills to keep finding a way forward.  More often than not I was running from zombies because it's easier to run than to fight.  This changes somewhat when you eventually get a gun, but even then your bullets are limited.The game plays like an adventure game, where the main character Randall serving as narrator.  You progress through levels, and in between you'll get a little animated comic book sequence that tells more of the overall story.  You can also find pieces of Randall's diary along the way which also fill in gaps in the story.Don't expect any kind of an open world here.  The gameplay is completely linear.  If you die you'll go back to your last checkpoint.  There's no visual cue as to where the checkpoints are, but there seem to be a lot of them.  I never had to repeat more than a minute or two of gameplay in any of the deaths I had.In some ways this is a strange game because as a zombie game I wasn't that impressed with it.  As an adventure game the story is okay, but not what I would consider the strong point of the game.  It's the platforming elements where the game stood out for me, which I was not expecting going in to this.I'm a little lukewarm about paying the full $15 for it, so I'd recommend maybe waiting for this to go on sale.  As it happens right now it's 75% off, so for just under $4 it's definitely worth picking up.  Regardless of the price, I had fun with the game and really enjoyed the art, so I can recommend it based on these strengths."
,Not Recommended,211400,8529858,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nellistos,"Great audio visuals and high production values.However the gameplay suffers, with underdeveloped platforming elements and subpar physics.It is a great game to look at, not so great when playing it though."
76561198023770936,Not Recommended,211400,33257927,Posted: 4 July,all,Frozen Phoenix <3,"This was a disappoint, a game that looks pretty but not enough gameplay and completing this tkae less than 10 hours. Take it from a guy who loves his fair share of indie games. This was the very first indiegame I have actually been disappointed with."
76561198134306890,Recommended,211400,21668154,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,deus_extrem,Couldnt wait for the next part of the story to unfold. Some of the moments were hard and thats what I liked about this game.
,Recommended,211400,22176005,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,philipjayfry,"Deadlight is very good game, overhall it gets an 8.5 out of 10 (imho).It has a great atmosphere, and an extraordinary level-design.The game is quite challenging, and it gives you the right level of cliffhanger. During the playthrough you will feel the anxiety, the adrenaline and the need to hold on. You will learn that fighting with all your forces is not the only way to stay alive, in fact you will discover the power of hope. The story-line as you probably have already understood is enjoyable.The downsides of this games are its longevity and some sporadic annoying physic bugs.The story-line last from 4 to 5 hours, than you unlock a new (more difficult) story mode, and it can last longer if you decide to obtain all the available achievement, but it is definitely short. About the bugs, at least they don't show up while playing (except for this one time that I find myself standing on a ledge and the zombies keept crossing from one side to the other side of the ledge without beeing able to catch me), but they happen with dead-bodies collisions. They aren't that annoying but you know... they are there!In the end Deadlight is a great game, even more if you consider buying it on sale, for a little cost you will have a valuable product."
76561197994195516,Not Recommended,211400,9646879,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Vulcan,"Although it is not a terrible game, I can't recommend it. It is a very short platformer with some frustating trial-and-error jumping puzzles. Also the game is not without some annoying bugs and glitchy interactions. Although the 2.5D graphics are very nice, great graphics alone won't make a game. Only buy on a heavy discount price and when you don't mind to get a short inbetween game."
,Not Recommended,211400,9684005,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,linuvian,"This would be a really enjoyable game if it actually worked properly. I don't know if it's because it was ported poorly or if it really does just have horrible mechanics, but they're there either way. There are also a LOT of glitches, audio, graphical, and wall-clipping alike. The story and voice acting were painfully bad at times. But the combat was the thing that annoyed me the most. Zombies will straight up cheat sometimes and instantly stand up after you knock them over; your character will turn around for NO REASON mid-battle and swing away in the wrong direction; zombies can move on the z axis while you can't, which looks neat, but offers them the opportunity to attack you while you can't attack them. Also, I don't think I've ever played a game where I liked the main character less.Despite the many, MANY things that annoyed me, I did enjoy parts of this game a lot. The beginning is especially good. The sewer part I didn't mind as much as everyone else seems to (though I have a thing for run-down industrial aesthetic, plus it reminded me of LIMBO). The end bit was the worst to me. The art was beautiful throughout, and the music was nice. Some of the puzzles were quite fun.All-in-all, a game that could have been great, but is instead frustrating, buggy, and not at all worth the asking price. Get it on sale if you must, but don't expect much."
,Not Recommended,211400,25483117,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Karkon,"Played 3 hours and completed the game. I hearby dub it, ""Deadlight aka Trail and Error, The Game.""A 2d puzzle platformer with some zombie killing thrown in, it has some very pretty visuals, occasionally wonky controls, interesting level design (at first) and an uninteresting story.The first hour and chapter are the best, introducing you to a dark world and some cool puzzles. Then you get into the sewers. Oh.. those sewers. From here you'll increasingly run into frustrating instant death puzzles that you don't have enough time to respond to - you appear to be expected to die to them and do it better next time with hindsight, because many you are forced to trigger to progress. Brute forcing puzzles is not fun! Coupled with platforms that are hard to distinguish I found myself suicide sprinting into everything because upon death the contrast changes enough the platforms finally are visible.Because the controls are not the greatest, you'll find yourself dismissing certain paths without realising they're the actual way forward. A heads up: on the roof, with the helicopter? There's a wall you climb not with the normal button but by holding up instead. It's the only time this appears in the game. Have fun with that.All these problems - especially the instant-death puzzles that necessitate a death first, rather then letting you outwit the game and think it through lend to an infurating experience. Unlike Super Meat Boy, it doesn't seemlessly get you back into the action so these constant deaths feel disruptive. I beat this game out of sheer spite because I felt it wanted to make me quit.The combat is interesting at least, I will give it that. Zombies are quie dangerous as axe swings rapidly deplete your stamina, so groups can quickly overwhelm you. The opening cutscene made out that shooting is a risk owing to the sound - ignore that, it's fine. Just don't run empty in case a puzzle comes up that needs bullets, but they usually resupply you in those situations.The story is very predictible for a zombie story. One grizzled man in a zombie apocolypse trying to reunite with his family but dun-dun-DUN yawn. The biggest suspension of disbelief was that a Canadian Ranger can't swim. Only it's not a zombie story, they're Shadows. They're totally zombies, just use the word zombie, don't be ridiculous.It is worth noting I ran into a common bug where sometimes pausing would freeze the game, and the occasional severe framerate drop moving to new areas.Overall, any game I beat out of spite is not one I recommend.ProsPretty visuals.First chapter has fun puzzle platformingZombies are a legitmate threat.Achievements are song titles and lyrics. Worth a chuckle.ConsPuzzles become tedious and require brute force of ability to predict future.Checkpoint spacing leaves a lot to be desired on later chapters.Not the sharpests of controls. Reminded me a little of the first Assassin's Creed.Gets very frustrating in certain areas because of above points.Story is predictable at best, pure edgelord at worst.Not brave enough / too pretentious to use the word zombie. It bothers me.Quite short - three hours playthrough with plenty of deaths.Beat it out of pure spite. What? It's worth repeating!"
76561198067411669,Not Recommended,211400,25327828,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,[KBL] PatHD,"This game is trash. Buy it only if it's on sale. (took me 3h to complete the campaign)- The PC port is terrible- Sooo many bugs and glitches (i.e. no sound in cutscense)- Too short+ The story is OK+ The gameplay is fun when it worksSummary: There controls are terrible and not very responsive which make you feel thrustrated as you die over and over for no reason. There are also a number of other glitches. If you are able to get past these negetives than you will surelly enjoy the some of the gameplay and, short, story. Not worth £10"
76561198002240485,Not Recommended,211400,7861577,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Curlyjap,"BAD - Not a good PC port, frame rate issues, keyboard controls just don't work in some areas.GOOD - Short,"
76561198098806886,Not Recommended,211400,8161810,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,real_ocho,"i beat this game in 3.5 hours and even that was too long. the story is generic and drags out to a meaningless ending, the cutscenes are stupid and the audio cuts out. the character's ability to jump has an annoying delay to it and the best weapon you'll get is the shotgun and its less than impressive.good eye candy for a couple of bucks but a flimsy story with flaws in the gameplay"
,Not Recommended,211400,7857528,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Saint_Zvlkx,Possibly one of the most disappointing games I've played. One of the most lackluster stories I've seen in years completely spoils the otherwise excellent setting of 80's Seattle. The pretty decent gameplay mechanics are ruined by♥♥♥♥♥♥poor PC controls that will inevitably lead to your doom.
,Not Recommended,211400,7921920,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,AleSatan,"GAMEPLAY: Know this: the game's difficulty progression is based on setting up obstacles to be increasingly difficult to pass solely based on the game's clunky controls. It becomes evident 2/3 through that it is a design choice, and that the challenge is intended to come from enduring dozens of seemingly needless deaths to a chorus of ""WHAT THE HELL? I DIDN'T WANT TO DO THAT!"". There are context-sensitive abilities (such as breaking through doorways) that solve puzzles and progress scenes. Unfortunately, they are not as sensitive as one would hope. Instead, they seem to be always on. Running toward any solid wall causes the player to attempt to ram it like a door. Because it is a wall, the player bounces off for a stun animation for a brief moment. These sorts of abilities are all well and good except for a few action sequences that require perfectly executing a series of moves to get through a section without stalling out because the game thought you were trying to do something else. I'm probably not describing it well, because that sounds like exactly the kind of thing that makes a 2D platformer good! In execution, with this particular game, it comes off as confused and clunky.PLOT: The plot is similar in style and structure to low budget horror movies, which is exactly what it's going for. The protagonist isn't very sympathetic, but it would be far too generous to call him complex. He and the rest of the cast are simple caricatures of genre tropes. As a result, they don't carry much emotional weight when the plot asks them to, but it is probably wrong to assume that anyone expects the plot to be the driving force in this game. I will say that if you reach the end and felt like the task was a chore, the ending will be especially unrewarding.STYLE: The depth of the 2.5D set pieces is actually well done and helps give life to the world you are moving through. The player character is backlit almost the entire time, making him indistinguishable from the undead enemies, called ""shadows"" (there is an obvious meaning behind this, but at least it's something). The game is very brown, but I suppose that is to be expected for the genre. There are a few brief moments of vibrant color that are a welcome reprieve."
76561198026368783,Not Recommended,211400,11873090,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,~xXx~LePunk,"The game is fun at first, typical platform game. It soon becomes very irritating. There's no way to skip text, most of the cutscenes had no audio, heavyly bugged at some places. They didn't include tips on how to do special tricks at some places which made it painful to go trough. When you enter a building half the time it will colapse on you so you die there and then figure out the path as you go. This game is average, would not recommend."
76561198035239764,Not Recommended,211400,28277185,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Oodles of Noodles,"Why should you buy this game? Because you’re a masochist. Because you love games with voice acting that makes you cringe so hard that your soul crinkles like plastic wrap over a flame.  Because you like screaming at the top of your lungs at your computer. Because you’re another goyim who bought into the Steam sale and purchased this piece of festering fecal matter when it was on sale for 2 dollars.Wanna know why it was only 2 dollars? Ill give you a hint; it rhymes with IT SUCKS MY R3CTUM.Jesus Christ where do I even begin?We could start at the clunky, sticky controls that don't let you react in real time to anything.Then I could move on to the voice acting that sounds like it's a an English dub of a Russian original that was transposed to mandarin then to Spanish then to German then back to English with nouns and verbs missing and with emphasis on the wrong syllables.Then I could talk about the enemies that are never consistent with their appearances from the background into the foreground that ultimately catch you when you try to run around then, no matter what angle you take.Oh! Oh! Oh, then I could talk about the puzzles! Oh boy!If you would deem to even give them such an undignified association with something that usually has a little tiny bit of self-esteem written into it, you could appreciate the sections of game where you have you run through a collapsing building before it completely collapses, timing your jumps, your sprints, your crouching from sprints, your falls from crouching, your jumps from rolling, your slides from rolling, your jumps from slides, your smashing of planks from full sprint after coming to a very, meticulously timing full stop from sprint (and make sure you time it down to the g0dd4mn nanosecond, there, reader, cause if you don’t - boy, oh boy, are you in for just a wonderful crushing heap of debris from the ceiling above you! Wow!) and just about every miniscule, infinitesimal movement that you could possibly think of.Then, after that’s all said and done, and my eyes have stopped bleeding, I could talk about how you could break your own personal record of how many times you can wish that someone would put you out of your misery during gameplay cause anything is better than what you were playing through at that exact second. Or the seconds leading up to or following that second. Or, actually, any seconds you've expended playing this rabid, coagulated, cackling, unstable, broken game.Shame on you Microsoft, for giving me and every other free thinking person a reason to hate you even more.And don't you dare give me that horsesh!t (i had to say it so you could see it - it's so much more rewarding that way) about ""platformers are supposed to be challenging."" Castlevania was challenging. Megaman was challenging. Contra was challenging.Deadlight, hence force the game that shall not be named for the rest of waking eternity, is a dive into insanity and the deep, unlit places of the universe where madness reigns and chaos is law. ""Challenging” is too much a beautiful and eloquent adoration of this ""game"".In conclusion, now that the skin on my fingers has been worn to the bone from typing so angrily, if you buy this game - you're an idiot that deserves everything that's coming to you by playing it."
,Recommended,211400,2526583,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,froakiethroat,"Short but so damn good. As the indie platformer genre gets more bloated by the day, this stands as one of the truly great examples of it.No doubt it will go on sale again during the Summer event. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,211400,8167975,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[PV] Ginja,Poor controls and just downright frustrating to play.
76561197971590526,Not Recommended,211400,8577263,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Axwell,"This game is a chore.  After a couple of hours I found myself only doing it for the achievements and after a couple more I just couldn't continue and deleted it.  I was lured in by a great looking environment.  However, the story is wooden and trite.  Based only on the dialoge you'd think the audience was 7 year olds if not for the grim backdrop.Gameplay starts out interesting, but is incredibly unforgiving.  You hardly kill any zombies.  The axe tires you out before you can kill more than one zombie (rarely will there only be one) and bullets are too scarce (and often have to be used to shoot a lock).  Yet the game makes you run through zombie groups repeatedly and this can't be avoided.The environment is full of (1) things you need to jump over and (2) background that is irrelevant.  So you will stumble over a box you didn't realize needed to be jumped and be eaten.   You will come upon a hole in the fence that you can't see and need to crouch through but you try to jump and will be eaten.  So, you get to repeat segments over and over to guess your way though.  Randall is slow to boot.  Being forced along pell mell means you'll miss all the interesting side bits.I wanted to like this game, but I did not.  I cannot explain its (too high) metascore (which was one of the reasons I bought it) nor do I understand the positive reviews from players (""The Royal Nonesuch"" comes to mind that purchasers don't wish to look foolish on how they spent their money).  This game is not fun or interesting.  Anyone who want's to see how pretty it is should just go watch a youtube walkthrough for a much more satisfying experience."
,Not Recommended,211400,7755248,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mithadon,"5/10Deadlight started out strong. It had good graphics, a dark story and the obvious pull of apocalyptic zombie outbreaks. But after about an hour and a half, I hit the stage with the Rat man, a convoluted mess of deadly contrapations. I became very annoyed with the unresponsive controls. I continued playing, hoping it would regain its appeal but it was in vain. I ended up finishing the game just to say I had and I was not sorry to say goodbye."
76561198011993105,Recommended,211400,12747478,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Salamander,"Short but FunThis was was fairly short, but to be expected. I got it on sale and felt the price point to be good.I'm not a big fan of platform games, but this is an exception."
,Recommended,211400,11987311,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Pakkidis,"Rating 7.5/10What is it?2d sidescroller action/platformerThe Good:+ Graphically the game looks fantastic with some great backgrounds that highten the atmosphere+ Overall the game does a good job of changing the pace and the enviroments keeping things varied+Good mix of action and platforming segments+Music adds to the atmosphere+Easy achievements except for nightmare modeThe Bad:- The controls are a bit....'iffy', a lot of needless deaths are going to happen because you wanted to jump straight up and you jumped into the gap.- Trial and error platforming that doesn't really fit into the game, occurs more often in the later part of the game leading to a lot of frustration.-The voice acting and dialogue is atrociously badConclusion:At first I didn't know why this game was getting bad reviews, it starts off decent enough and looks like it keeps getting better. However the more you play the more flaws begin to appear. The controls are a bit too stiff given the platforming the game requires you to do and their was one segment of the game where it really tests your limits near the end. Despite all that, I enjoyed the game, I thought it was worth it alone just to see the enironments and artwork that went into the game."
,Recommended,211400,7315807,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Damuel,"Welp. The gameplay is average. It's mostly platforming with puzzles. Not a fan of that myself. The graphical style has some really cool 3D popup type moments but it's generally not that good. The cutscenes/story are embarassing. Seriously, that voice acting and script....The game is okay. I wouldn't pay more than say 10 dollars for it. It's got some cool ideas but they just weren't combined that well.6.8/10."
76561198087220255,Not Recommended,211400,31875002,Posted: 20 May,all,TheRealZorah,"This was one of the first PC game I ever played. I thought it was a lot of fun.My eyes have opened since then.The writing is absolutely terrible, the mechanics are inconsistent, and it brings absolutely nothing to the table that hasn't been done by someone else.It takes place in Seattle, though. I like Seattle. And the art is cool! The *game* part, though...Anyway, it's really not worth the buy. I never do negative reviews, but alas, I have to for this one."
,Recommended,211400,32785706,Posted: 25 June,all,malias  hellcase.com,"if u buy this it might be laggy in the menu but its good game,there are some bugs  will stuck like 3-4 times but its wurth.. kappo"
,Recommended,211400,7874070,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Betelgeuse,This game proves that platforming is not only still alive but can still be fresh and original.
76561198002699393,Recommended,211400,23262010,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Latinnus,"I must admit that I have an unnatural attraction to play zombie apocalypse games, so I was quite eager to see what Deadlight had to offer.At this point in time, I am quite sure that most people reading this review are familiar with the concept of zombie apocalypse. If not - here is the concept in broad strokes: Due to some mysterious reason (either virus outbreak, genetic mutations or just something strange in the water), the recently deceased start rising back as flesh eating zombies (which from now on will be referred as shadows, to be consistent with the game nomenclature), killing and infecting everyone they scratch or bite. Only a selected few manage to escape the outbreak, and this is  where  the struggle for survival begins - not only from the shadows, that are just looking for an healthy snack - but also from ruthless groups of survivors that prey from the weak.So, it is in this setting that we find our character - Randall Wayne -  traveling alongside a small group of survivors in hopes of finding a reported ""Safe Point"" in Seattle. We meet the group when a member just got bitten (as invariably happens) and head shot by Randall for the greater good . It is common knowledge that gunfire will attract shadows to you as fire attracts moths, so soon enough the group is overrun by shadows and Randall is separated from all the others. I could continue telling the story, but all in all it is textbook generic and doesn't bring anything that we haven't seen before.However, the story is not the big selling point of deadlight. For all old timers that kept on playing games from the 80's and 90's, this is a good opportunity to play a 2D platformer that has a similar feel to the original Prince of Persia.The atmosphere of Deadlight is also a very strong point. The backgrounds on all sets are amazing, very detailed and bring a certain degree of dark realism when portraying a dying world. It is interesting to see that the opposite happens with the characters that bring life to Deadligth's universe - they are mostly dark outlines of them, shadows as it may - which makes the choice of denominating the zombies as ""Shadows"" an intriguing creative decision, to say the least.There is also a never ending supply of shadows. Stay too long fighting in one place, and more will come. Fire a couple of shots, and soon enough you will be  be swarmed. Bullets will not settle the score - they will only buy you extra few seconds to escape. That being said - it is also quite possible to finish Deadlight without firing many shots, as long as you time your actions just right.The controls are all you can expect: They are responsive and simple. However, they also bring a negative point that clearly indicates that this is a console port - they are mapped in such way that makes the combination of some actions (double jump or sprinting + crouching) an awkward task. Most people will find this as a perfect excuse to unleash their rage  and justify their failures every time Randall dies...... and he will, that I can guarantee!!! Even though there aren't any particular difficulty spikes, there will be plenty of events that will catch you off-guard. From platforms falling, being swarmed by shadows, shot by humans, or situations that will require nimble fingers, there will be plenty of opportunities to get Randall killed. But not to worry, Deadlight auto-saves regularly, with checkpoints conveniently placed to let you retry as much as you like until you reach a state of perfection.To simply sum it up in one sentence:  the mechanics, the puzzles and level construction - all of those elements blend quite nicely with the dark environment and great visuals of Deadlight.If you are feeling inspired, it is likely that you will be able to finish the main story in one sitting. Even in the hardest setting, it took me only a couple of hours to accomplish that. However, it also brings great replayability value. Each act / scene will record the time taken to complete, and you will be compelled to play them over and over again, just to find all the secrets or to improve your time. The plus side is that you can select the act / scene you want to play, as long as it was completed once. This is a great feature if you want to train the most difficult parts before tackling Nightmare mode. And what is ""Nightmare"" mode, you ask? Upon finishing the first run, we are given the opportunity to play Deadlight in a mode where there are no check points - meaning that you only have one shot to complete it from start to finish. Die once, and you are back to square one. Personally, I haven't completed this one, but a little shadow told me that people who have will gain access to an alternative ending that may be rather enlightening.So, if you have Deadlight lost in your steam library, just enjoy it, and let me know how it went."
,Recommended,211400,23314833,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,🍍 amarinediary,"""An atypical zombie game -- @amarinediary""3 hours of survival fulled by the will of founding the ones you lost !You will get attach to the main character so easily that you will start caring."
76561198110679049,Recommended,211400,22916559,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zee,"Wonderful game. Very highly recommended to give it a go for anyone who enjoys 2D, Zombies and adventure."
,Not Recommended,211400,9637777,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Bobblehead,"I don't know if this game is good or not but I bought it and I can't play it.A few remarks:1. Good graphics doesn't mean good game. If your game doesn't have options to accomodate even the worst computers then you're making a bad game.2. Don't ever make a game in the unreal engine that requires usage of the mouse. This goes for dungeon defenders too. The unreal engine is not made for the mouse. What you get is a hacky laggy sprite on your screen which moves as you move your mouse--except about 2 seconds behind.So would I recommend this game? No. If I could get a refund I would. Not just because my computers (all new within a year or two) can't handle it, but also because of the stupid mouse lag."
,Not Recommended,211400,673650,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Vash(88),"It's dark, its eery, its gritty and fun to see in action.... Not feeling the game play.The controls often double up on them selves, sending you back over the tops of walls, or jumping to your death when you just wanted to stand on a box.  You feel so weak when face to face with a zombie, so many times I was willing my guy to just kick the zombie and keep running, but its not that simple here.The lighting is intense, given that this is a side scroller, the spooky atmosphere is an accomplishment. I love the feel to the game. Apart from the shabby controls, it offers a good bit of fun if you are ready to die the most clumsy of deaths many times through.  Wait for a sale on this one.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=199109775"
,Not Recommended,211400,9241815,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,B3RyL,"I've played through all of it (I like to finish my games whenever I can, especially if they are short like this one) and I must say I'm very displeased. This game is not worth the money. Maybe if it's on sale for a couple of bucks but that's about it.So, where do I start... with positives I guess? Good gaphics and environmental sounds. That's about it. Now for the rest:The plot is weak, predictable and full of holes and inconsistencies. Not to mention 90% of it is fillers that add absolutely nothing to the story. There is an idea there, but not much else. The characters are flat like an ice skating arena. The only character that is, sort of, developing is the protagonist. I say ""sort of"" because he only does it in the very last cut-scene. Not to mention he's as relatable as crack addict charging you with a broken bottle in his hand. The writer(s) should be somehow punished for all the cringeworthy dialogue too.The mechanics would be solid if not for all the bugs and the controls which will make you scrach your head so hard you'll be picking pieces of your brain from beneath your finger nails. I mean, who came up with the idea for some vaulting/climbing actions to use up arrow, some to use space bar, and yet others to use left/right arrows? And then, just to confuse you, sometimes you can press two or three different buttons to perform the same action. But only in some cases. So you end up vaulting over the windows back and forth like a mad man, praying for it to stop.The combat system? If it wasn't for the bugs... Just kidding. It's bad. Looks effective, but it's terrible. And the bugs only make it worse. So, you need to destroy the brain to kill zombies. But somehow when you swing an axe you miss the head. Every. Single. Time. And they stand firm like nothing happened. Like they're impersonating the Black Knight from Monty Python's The Holy Grail: ""Tis but a scratch!"". But if you manage to push (or rather shoosh) them away and they fall over (under the power of your overwhelming manliness presumably) you can then hit them in their toe as they lay there helpless and they die instantly. I can't even... aaargh...The voiceovers and the choice of voice actors couldn't be worse, even if they cast Tommy Wiseau A.K.A. ""You're tearing me apart, Lisa!""-guy as the mother-in-law who always follows the protagonist reminding him to fix the roof tiles when he comes back to Canada. The protagonist himself sounds like he did movie trailers in the 80's, the Rat sounds like a bored Harvard professor and everyone else is just borderline annoying. I can't even count how many times I tried to hit every ""friendly"" character with that tennis-ball-looking-thing fired from my slingshot. I even tried that thing where you close one eye and stick your tongue out just before taking a shot hoping it would help the immersion, sadly, to no great effect.Puzzles were easy and repetitive for the most part, and buggy the rest of the times. The linearity of level progression not only stares you right in the face - it b****hslaps you and shouts ""NO!"" every time you try to do things even a little bit differently. I think someone in the level design department had serious control issues. I especially ""loved"" the ""secrets"" that were ""hidden"" throughout the game. They basically laid on the ground right in front of you along the main progression path, and not only did they glow blue, but also displayed an interaction icon when you stood nearby. Much secret, such find, very hidden! Wow!What else... Don't bother, unless you really have nothing else to play, and are not prone to frustration and/or depression. Play  The Swapper instead - the graphics can leave you with mixed feelings, but the puzzles are difficult and satisfactory, the story is amazing and the whole thing just stands head and shoulders over this waste of good graphics engine they call Deadlight.That is all."
76561197988367888,Not Recommended,211400,33497113,Posted: 13 July,all,⎛⎛LosTiger⎞⎞,"The game itself as a promising premise but falls short of the bad writing, short gametime, mediocre story, and unexplained plot .It starts off that you have to escape with your buddies because zombies are about to break into the warehouse you are in. The ladder breaks and you are stuck to find another way out, most likely to breach trough the zombies. It would be logical to  use the weapon you got to do so , but instead the main character gives the weapon to the people who go trough a escape route trough their truck. Whatever, Next illogical thing is, some old person living in the canalisation with death traps, rescues you but grabs all your collected weapons and sends you trough the parkour. Kinda weird but you think you have to go trough. Only to find out that in some scenes the guy who calls himself the rat directly stands infront of you. What holds you back to just grab him and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him and get your weapons back? And in the end , you dont even get anything back at all! Somehow trough magic the rat knows everything what happens, even the main characters name and where the family from him is. So he agrees to help the guy to find his son so he will tell him where his parents are. For some reason the son is chased by the army and why is never explained. The ending is so bad it just makes me regret spending money , or even worse, my time on this game.Gameplay tough is fine, was fun at times. Game time is way too short. i managed to beat it in a little more than 2 hours.Therefore i cant recommend you to spend your time on this game, i have no idea why this game is in anyway so popular.2.5/10 Bad story, mediocre gameplay and very bad writing makes this game a waste of time to play."
,Recommended,211400,8487424,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Neuromante,"A beautifull but awfully short (3-4 hours to beat the story) platformer which kind of reminds me the classic Prince Of Persia, kind of ""easy"" for the new generation players.Good platforms (Although no particular ""hard"" spots to climb/jump), nice combat system in which more than two zombies are a problem (Unless you have a gun, and better save bullets) and usually is better just run away, interesting story (With an ending not too good) and stunning visuals (although the game doesn't seems to have anti aliasing) with a great atmosphere.And of course you have your secrets and the hidden stuff if you want to 100% the game.Maybe the game is just 3-4 hours long because its formula can't be more expanded (You have some guns, and can run/jump, there's no new items, no new tools), maybe is budget's fault, but in the end, all that's left is a nicely done game which will end way too early.So, better wait for sales to get it."
,Not Recommended,211400,8966376,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,TARS,"A 15 dollar game that barely lasts three hours, it was disapointing how quickly I beat this game. While being a technically competent game in every way, the fact that for some reason its afraid of admiting that its a platformers is a bit bothersome for me.A more long winded review can be found here on my blog:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2013/09/deadlight.html."
76561198044431999,Not Recommended,211400,33073892,Posted: 1 July,all,Seiko,This game is so buggy with its loading and controls. Very often the controls would mess itself up. Pressing right button becomes moving left. Jump and the characte does not jump at all. The loading also kicks in at weird moments and causes the entire game to hang and when its over you are dead.
,Not Recommended,211400,21771364,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Alkım,"Great straightforward puzzle game with a zombie theme. Its not rocket science and the story and gameplay flows smoothly.BUT,the jumps and fences in the game are buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and take the whole fun out of it. Especially if you're under time pressure or running from a horde. If the jumps were just straightforward and responded the first time it would've been a much better playing experience.Fix the jump mechanics and you get a pretty okay game."
,Recommended,211400,23365376,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rawaf xD,Great game !!
,Not Recommended,211400,30238517,Posted: 28 February,all,Asrlex,"Bad controls and terrible voice acting. Apart from that, it is ok."
76561198007755957,Not Recommended,211400,32783009,Posted: 25 June,all,Razor Mik,"BROKEN!!Refunded (pending) this game, and I have some super♥♥♥♥♥♥games in my library.At some point you'll be chased by a helicopter, some of it running on rooftops, some of it evading its fire within offices.One of the office areas has what clearly seems to be cover that you should hide behind while the heli fires, YT vids have confirmed this should be the case. NOT HERE!!  Nope, stand behind cover, the sweeping fire will kill you no matter what.Specifically this area (@26:02):https://youtu.be/HerQ80q9BlQ?t=26m2sCompletely unpassable as it is now, definitely needs a patch.Aside from this game-breaking issue, it's really just not that good.  Inside is much much better at this style of play.  It's set in the 80's, which seems cool, but absolutely nothing except the times they specifically say the date, tells you when it's set.The jumping is not nearly as precise as it ought to be in a game like this.  Two pixels to the side of a ladder above you and you'll just jump up and down without grabbing on.  Other times during a run-n-jump you'll clearly have a grab but the game will just make it so you went ""through"" and you'll fall to your death.  Serious technical failing.The puzzles themselves aren't very interesting, just annoying, never making it super obvious what the end-goal is even supposed to be.  But once you find the end goal, it's trivial to know what needs to be done.  They're ""difficult"" for all the wrong reasons, not because they make you think and are interesting.Audio would randomly drop during cutscenes.  The story is the most uninteresting thing ever: ""I have to find my family during the zombie apocalypse!"" Bleh.Avoid this game, it's just not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,211400,8403040,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nemecks. Timelord.,"Stay away from this game. It looks like it could be fun, but in general its a vague-storied, boring, confusing romp through a zombie apocalypse. The terrible ending worsens the bitter after taste.It's simply not worth your time, energy, and money."
76561198103637429,Recommended,211400,9032147,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,_mapeva_,"A normal game about zombies. It has a good story but predictable. The bad thing is that the game is very short, about 5 hours.Buy it if you are a zombie fan and it is cheap."
,Recommended,211400,8523730,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vulgar Valkyrie,"I didn't expect to enjoy this game as much as i did.expect game play and puzzle solving like ""limbo""great game, i reccommend this game if u like storylines and puzzle solving."
76561198036500140,Recommended,211400,10956738,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,thickguru,"Overall, it is a fun and different platform game. For the price that you pay you can not complain much about the game. It's a mixture of fast / slow pace platforms with a mixture of combat and sometimes puzzle aspects.I often found this game to be infuriating when it came the use of combat. Hit rates are not done well and is soo easy to die and get sent back to an earlier check point if you find yourself fighting 3+ zombies.Also, it was so easy to accidently do a jump you was not planning on doing.. i.e. trying to jump upwards (where most would detect this is what you are doing) it would instead make you jump accross into what ever area (often ending in death..)However, with this in mind, it is worth a play. You soon get used to the small faults and enjoy the game for its visuals and fast paced gameplay."
76561198133629922,Recommended,211400,12232104,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Gregar,"Deadlight is enjoyable and solid 2d game. The power of unreal engine will surprise you one more time with this game. Actually in this months we can see a lot of survival and horror games about zombies. Fps and strategy, defence and etc. but this game is trying to show us this fantastic tragedy from another side. Story quality very good and head character has charismatic voice and appearance. Soundtracks are not bad. By the way if you don't have patience, please don't try nightmare mode :)"
,Not Recommended,211400,7926678,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,harpR4k,"It is an ok game.Graphics - 7/10Gameplay (With keyboard and mouse) - 4/10Gameplay W/ Controller - 7/10Storyline - 5/10The good:Good gameplay on controller, good graphics and voice acting.The Bad:Terrible gameplay with the keyboard and mouse, not so good storyline. The plot and the platformer genre DOES NOT go together! Also the camera is extremely zoomed out, so I couldn't see where I was going.Overall:5/10"
,Recommended,211400,2967894,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,RiddlerFoto,"The story and gameplay had promise... Ultimately I think the script and some of the gameplay bugs turned a lot of people away. The script needed a lot more work, because a lot of it was just so random that it didn't make sense why Randall said something after getting to a certain point. The gameplay is actually not that bad for this kind of small game, but I played it once and was already noticing things.If you want this, get it on sale. The story is pretty good, but like I said the script and gameplay needed a bit more work before release."
,Recommended,211400,7725129,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,CYKA BLYAT,"Great game. Enjoyed it all throughout, very unexpected ending. In general, a great storyline with very atmospheric gameplay, a great 4 hours spent for 3.75."
76561197997304404,Recommended,211400,7745504,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kribmeister,"There is a strange warm atmosphere in this game, despite the setting being post apocalyptic. The story is quite gripping and the game is overall very fun and enjoyable. The controls are not always accurate, which occasionally causes some frustration but this is more of a minor nuisance.If you like platformers and post apocalyptic tomfooleries, you will love this game. 8/10"
,Recommended,211400,9761228,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Dan,one of the best zombie games around very short but cool story and gamplay grpahics are great to its mirrors edge meets zomibie in a 2.5d
,Recommended,211400,495186,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Exarch,"Deadlight  is a nicely crafted Prince of Persia/Canabalt crossover.The story hints at more than there acually is,tough, and the ending is too open for my taste.The controls are somewhat spongy, so beware if you like them crisp.All in all, Deadlight was an afternoon well spent."
,Recommended,211400,7527617,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,The 1nteger,"Excellent game so far, my only issue with it is I've read (and feel) it's not gonna last long, I reckon less than 5hours on one playthfough (could be wrong, I'll update as necessary). As for the game itself, the production and polish is top notch, it is also  more varied then first appears. It could be considered as a Shadow Complex with zombies but more forgiving on death, more easier to play and more brain power required (you can't shoot your way through every situation.) Aside from platforming there are push / switch puzzles as well as a few ways to get pass the zombies such as whistling them to their demise or bringing them together to jump over them as well as collectables and secrets to be found. Overall 8-9/10 (considering if it turns out to be less than 5hrs gameplay I only paid £2.50 for it which is more than fair in that situation)."
76561198055356547,Recommended,211400,8437100,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Frosty Lion,Simplistic but entertaning platforming with slight puzzle aspects. Amazing scenery. 10/10 Am excited for the actual apocalypse.
,Recommended,211400,8945952,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Gandalf The Gay,"Awesome game, amazing story line. I just wish the game was longer."
,Not Recommended,211400,23919156,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mosquito Skeet,"This game is dumb.  The platforming mechanics are clumsy and seemingly unresponsive at times.  You'll find yourself not turning around and leaping the opposite direction you intended to a suicidal plunge.  The ""puzzles"" thus far are an unimaginative chore.  Silly stuff like being too far back in a corridor of the previous section so the rock from my slingshot doesn't register a hit on the button.  I have to actually walk out into the open space slightly first.This guy is pretty impressive with parkour,what with his ability to create great horizontal acceleration into a leap from a complete standstill.  But then he instantly drowns the moment he enters water above his shoulders.  Cool.  I'm not even a confident swimmer myself and that's just ridiculous.  C'mon devs, you can't be using a 6' deep water hazard for an exceptionally able-bodied man in a gritty, ""realistic"" game.  Figure out another mechanic.  Or just make all the water filled with electric zombie eels, I don't care.Despite possessing the stamina to run, jump, and climb all over the place, he gets severely winded by swinging an axe three times.It's like Limbo in that you experience a lot of trial and error with sudden hazards curb stomping your entire body or bisecting you via sawblade.  But that was entertaining in Limbo, and fit the narrative of endlessly repeating a cycle.  In Deadlight, it's hard to distinguish background objects from foreground ones, resulting in lots of death.  Even certain beams in the same plane as the player are apparently ethereal objects and inexplicably cannot be grasped.Every spoken word of dialogue makes me wince at how embarrassingly it is written, and delivered by the ""actors.""  Some of it I can drown out, but the audio mixing is a bit retardulated, and some of it is louder than anything else.Early in the game (or maybe it's just that short, perhaps mercifiully) your axe and pistol are taken away in exchange for a totally sweet slingshot good for killing zombies with well-placed rocks in the grape--err...actually no, it just activates buttons from a distance.  It doesn't so much as fling rocks at high velocity, but lobs them up softly in a seemingly exaggerated ballistic arc.  Maybe he only has access to excessively large rocks for the given power of his slingshot; I don't know, but it doesn't bode well for what's his name's survival.  Hey dumb@ss, try smaller rocks.Sometimes the pause menu takes several seconds to pop up, and several times has even failed to appear at all, making the game hang and forcing me to ctrl+alt+del (alt+tab does nada in this situation) in order to bouce in and out of the game.This platformer isn't dreadful, but it really doesn't offer much"
76561197974193304,Recommended,211400,7858311,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shadowzon,: )
,Recommended,211400,16475395,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Conov,"This game has an amazing story. It's like Dying Light but in a diferent view. Maybe the movements could be a bit better but the game is definitely a good buy. I must, again, highlight that the story in this game is very good!"
,Not Recommended,211400,23786335,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,sububill,"Here is my review for DeadlightStoryWell there is a story about the main character and is family,which is suppose to be something deep and dark.But I didnt care so much about it,because you have seen this story 1000x before.GameplayVery frustrating,you will be there pressing button while you character takes his time to respond.The controls of this game are very unintuitive.PresentationThis is the only good thing about the game,and it was the thing which draw me to the game.Looks like all the budget went to the game's graphics.PerformanceThe game has weird bugs and these strange freezes when I pause the game.Apprently the bugs and performance are improved in the directors cut which you have to buy again.Final thoughtSkip this game"
76561198060219223,Recommended,211400,29463062,Posted: 24 January,all,Enyalios,Nice game.Despite the 2D movement it seems like 3D because of the very well designed background.The tension is well balanced for players who want to live the exploration and for those who want to feel the zombie horror.
76561197995435501,Recommended,211400,8402456,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,erik the red,"Beautiful atmosphere in this game. Not a fan of zombies particularly, would like to see some mods where you have other adventures. Fun to play, not too ridiculously challenging."
,Not Recommended,211400,14506436,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jaxe,"This game wasn't too great, it sort of felt like a waste of my time and money."
76561197996622104,Not Recommended,211400,23907939,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kuittaava rusakko,"Torn between positive and negative review. It's a good game on the first run, but even when enjoying it slowly and thoroughly, it's very short. Still it's good enought for a second run, but the Nightmare Mode, that unlocks after the first play through, brings forth the ultimate fault of the game. The controls just aren't sharp enough. It was a problem on the first playthrough, but the Nightmare Mode not allowing any saves, just shows how lazy and laggy the controls are. Played it through on the Normal for two times and was sure that I could handel the Nightmare Mode with just one life, I soon realized, I was just lucky on my second playthough. Simple straight up jumps are a big promblem. That's not the reason to die on the later half of the game when you have to start all over again. This, among other controls, was a promblem on the first playthrough and it was a problem on the fifth.My hours on the game do not have anything to do with how much time I actually played it. Second playthrouh took about 1,8 hours, and it felt like I could've done it 40 minutes faster, if not for the lazy controls. Just forgot the game was running in the background for hours."
,Recommended,211400,9235459,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Light Slave,"An artistic game. Lovely story and amazing artwork. Well worth the  money. A sound glitch might be a little annoying during the cutscenes, but overall the game is well worth your time.This is one of those games that will always be part of my unconsciousness. Thank you to the development team for all the artistic and technical effort they have put into making this game."
,Recommended,211400,16559891,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,pcktlnt,"Casual Play Time: 3-4 hours to complete the storyline. (Ignore the 17.5 hours, I left it idling in the background.)Game Rating: 6 / 10.Recommendation: Purchase this when it's on sale or in a bundle.Pros:- Stunning visuals, that's the main reason I purchased the game.- Enjoyable platformer, except for one level of act 2.- Story is intriguing.- Simple hidden item collecting. None that require you to go out of your way.Cons:- Game was short, despite the sewer labyrinth.- Sewer labyrinth. Pointless extension of Act 2 that breaks the flow of the game. So many times I wish I could boot the NPC off a cliff and take the elevator to the top world.- Glitchy nightmare mode. Warning for those that are achievement seekers. Sometimes you can glitch through a wall for an unending freefall or running through a puzzle you'll die to a trap regardless. (I gave up after a few hours of attempting this achievement).Nightmare mode:- You need to beat this game in one sitting.- 3 checkpoints. One for each beginning of the Act.- Good luck."
,Recommended,211400,8742841,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ARTillery,"the good:This game is atmospheric, it manages to put you in the mood very well, with its great concepts and very good graphics it really portrays this post apocalyptic zombie world, in which people don't call them zombies *sigh*, the story is pretty good as well, although obviously very linear.game play is fun as well, and you get the good satisfaction of blowing up zombie head with your guns, platforming isn't that hard and the game is forgiving, lots of checkpoints(haven't played the nightmare mode).the bad:controls isn't that well crafted, I sometimes screamed at Randall for not jumping while I smashed the jump button, it drove me mad, also the animations could have been better overall.overall it was a fun experience, i picked it up at a sale, not regretting my decision.it took me about 3 hours to finish it, that could be good for some and bad for others, but it didn't leave me wanting more."
,Not Recommended,211400,8067585,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ViciousRaptor,"Horrible narration, a nonsensical story line with characters that are completely unlikeable and devoid of any intelligence combined with difficult-to-see terrain, finicky controls and jumping puzzles that will force you to die a few times to figure them out unless you get lucky make Deadlight a below average video game that caused me to throw in the towel before I could finish it."
,Recommended,211400,4610408,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,ComradeCatfish,"Another zombie-apocalypse type of game. Deadlight is like a cinematic action-puzzle platformer with apocalypthic theme and zombies (shadows) behind it. Audio/video side of the game is truly impressive. It's beautiful and framertate is very smooth all the time. Audio is also very nice and fits perfectly to the rest of the game. Game itself is very short - it took me around 2hrs to finish it, but for ~3E price it's a very good investment."
,Recommended,211400,28401737,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Frank Underwood,"The game was good, but they should fix the controls."
,Recommended,211400,8417798,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,hannuraina,PROSstylemusicatmospherecontrolsCONSeasy puzzleseasy enemieslengthstory7/10
76561198052666902,Recommended,211400,8418700,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DevilDore,"A great game with exceptionally simple gameplay (2D side/scrolling platformer) that leverages amazing visuals and an engaging storyline.  Some of the dialogue is overblown...but what is new in the Zombie-mad genre of the last few years?  Interestingly, my favorite part of the game is the music...the score is stunningly/eerily beautiful.  One of those games you plan on investing 15-mins and look up to see 2 hours have flown by."
,Recommended,211400,8430149,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,antonyfrn,Great game different to most zombie games and platformers story keeps me intrested backdrops are amazing of the post apocolyptic world. Worth picking up!
,Recommended,211400,8442569,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Rocket Doc,"Enjoyable game - completed the game in about 4-5 hours.  Probably not worth the full price, but well worth the Steam holiday sale discount.  The only real angst I had with the game was the keyboard controls - a little clunky on the key combinations."
,Recommended,211400,8443880,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,🅱urba,wow great platformer/zombie survival game recomend it fully
76561197960497722,Recommended,211400,8482348,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Duren,"This game brings a new edge to the zombie apocalypse genre. As a platform game it is very rich in detail and deep in story. I would compare it to the likes of Trine but of course with a more realistic feel.Although the puzzles in the game are not that difficult, it keeps you entertained by occasionally requiring the use of one of your abilities, like shouting to get attention from zombies, to get past particular parts. Some parts are fast paced where you don't stop to kill zombies whereas others are take it slow and search to find the secrets of each stage. Which are sometimes interestingly hidden. This brings back memories of the old platform games from the 90s.The controls are simple and not overly complex which gets you into the game very fast. You really only need your movement and action keys of swinging an axe or interacting with an object. Though of course you can shoot the different guns and slingshots that you get and as previously mentioned get the attention of people through the shout key. The stamina bar is a nice addition and adds to the realism of the game that swinging an axe at zombies does make you tired! So you have to be careful not to overdo it and back off as required.I played this with keyboard and mouse but you can play with the controller also, and I think it would make an excellant relax on the sofa game.A highly recommended game from me all around."
,Recommended,211400,8496316,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,expilu,Very fun platformer with beautiful graphics and design with a zombie apocalypse setting.
,Recommended,211400,8515308,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Azraelity,"At first i thought Deadlight is just another zombie game, but than as i started playing i changed my mind.The atmosphere of this game is phenomenal, beautiful graphics and sound along with a brilliant, but short story.I can only say, let yourself get lost in this games atmosphere.Aside from a few frustrating parts, its a fairly easy game.Also when it comes to the melee combat system the game has some minor flaws.After you've finished the game for the first time you'll unlock ""Nightmare Mode"" (NO CHECKPOINTS), this is actually kind of a challenge !To round things up, i highly recommend Deadlight to pretty much anyone who likes the sound of a fast-paced horror action Indie Game, that also has a decent story and amazing visuals."
,Recommended,211400,8534011,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,THM,Not your standard zombie game. Meshes platforming and puzzle solving well. Graphics are beautiful. Audio is captivating. My only criticism would be the length of the game. Would be awesome if it was longer. Easy to finish it in a day or two.
76561198074465060,Recommended,211400,8548838,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,B-ray-den,"This game is absolutely amazing. I loved every second of this game. Free runnnig and zombies, with a great story plot. I wish the game didn't end when it did. Highly recommend this."
76561198011938827,Not Recommended,211400,23769818,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,teppic,"Unoriginal game. It's ok. However, the fact that they're charging full price on the not-needed 'Director's Cut' for people who've owned the original is beyond greedy."
76561197982573356,Not Recommended,211400,9266667,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,CaptNyan,"I hate this game so much.  It's short, controls are clumbsy, scripting is terrible, scrip is terrible, and the protagonist is a ♥♥♥♥♥. Stay away from this POS."
,Recommended,211400,19821644,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,yaya14,"When i bought this one i knew it was a good platformer game, but after playing it, I found it awesome!!!Great graphics-scenery, nice story, easy mechanics... i would like to see more like this game!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugeHQHBN-mA&list=PLUB0wzpkprFRxvqZLm8lgeVAuz9SwFDd3&index=1"
,Recommended,211400,20140855,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MidiRockGod,"This game is challenging, entertaining, and dark...everything you expect in a zombie side-scroller."
76561198108912286,Recommended,211400,8412353,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Preetsa,"Lord, son, all of the achievements are named after songs from the 80s, in which the game is based.  If you enjoy puzzle games/sidescrollers or suspenseful games, this is definitely for you.  If you see this game on sale, pick it up.  0/5"
,Not Recommended,211400,999963,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Ragn4r,"Cool atmosphere, decent story. You would think people would know by now that sewer levels ruin games. Starts to feel like Limbo with bad jump and attack mechanics. Couldn't finish it."
,Recommended,211400,14866413,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Not Recommended,211400,9311354,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Propane Accessories,What a weak story. Frustrating game-play.
76561198086577753,Recommended,211400,9217135,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Danatz,"Great game. Some people are having problems with it but I really don't know why. I did not see any bugs or glitches. Controls are laggy but for a reason. That is called ""game mehanics"". I suppose people are just lazy and incompetent, thus the nagging.Graphics - 8/10Sound - 9/10Story - 9/10Gameplay - 7/10"
76561198055359365,Not Recommended,211400,13938184,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Naten,"The Good:Atmosphere, visuals and character voice actingThe Bad:The story was a typical one, but the reason which makes it unredeemable it's because they still failed to execute it. There's large gaps all over the story, you can choose to go along with it but only as far as the ending goes. Then all logic just breaks down.Another major problem was the timing mechanism in the game, you can be either be too fast or too slow when the event unfolds. It's not bug or anything, just bad scripting."
76561198160669611,Recommended,211400,18823547,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,C-Note,Cool game.
,Not Recommended,211400,13556979,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,spineduke,"Painfully short and painfully dull. As platformers come and go this retreads a lot of old ground and doesn't offer anything new or exciting. The visuals offer promise, but you'll walk away from the experience wishing you had spent your money elsewhere, especially considering the wealth of platformers available on Steam."
,Recommended,211400,10255614,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,mistersneak,"The game has a lot of cool extras for being such a short game, such as great concept art, videos, a bunch of secrets, and a ""making of."" I really enjoyed the basic parkour / platforming in the game. The controls are forgiving. However, there's a lot I didn't like. Stupid trial-and-error scripted death puzzles / action sequences, inconsistent behavior on behalf of enemies and on the readability of environments (and whether or not they are traversable or dangerous). The story is nothing special for the zombie genre. Nevertheless, as rare as puzzle platformers are, especially those with a story-based premise, I do recommend this game if only to remind you that prince-of-persia style platforming in 2D is fun."
,Not Recommended,211400,10306044,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,JC,"Frustrating mechanics. Laughably bad VA. Lackluster story. Outside of its setting and atmosphere (i'm a sucker for most anything dystopian/post-apocalyptic), this game has very few redeeming qualities.  I've heard that a lot of people had issues with the game's length; that really wasn't an issue for me. I beat it in about 3 hours, which felt about right for me. They really didn't have much to work with story wise to begin with, it all felt really thin. Anyway, not every game has to be 10+ hours padded with filler, endless backtracking, and other nonsense to be considered worthwhile.I'd only recommend this game if you can get it for cheap on sale like i did, or get it in a humble bundle type deal."
76561198049003922,Recommended,211400,16734432,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Wayne_Rockwood,"This game is brilliant! I don't know why a lot of the reviews talk about ""faulty game control"" and what not. It is a beautiful game made by a non-mainstream company. Get over yourself and realize that some dudes like you, made a great game."
,Recommended,211400,306903,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,α PIRATEorNINJA Ω,Surprisingly good game. The side scroller of the next gen. huge depth of field that enemies come from the background and just overall a very very good atmosphere and visual style of this game blow me away. very good narrative as well.
,Recommended,211400,20374064,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Delaboz,"Developers did a great achievment developing this Platformer game at it's finest.A great zombie adventure gameplay that you should try, The story is very interesting.. love these kind of stories."
76561198045056763,Not Recommended,211400,25485871,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,lance armada,"This game was recommended to me and after finally getting to play it through, i realize my brother is probably not the best judge at video game quality. The games story felt very uninspired, or at least, it felt very much like many other zombie stories, and didn't really try anything new. If that we're the only issue, i would have been ok, but unfortunatly, it isn't.This game is janky as all hell. Half of the cutscenes lost audio a couple seconds in, and allot of times i felt like the game was not imputting the commands i intended. I was going through the collapsing building with the missile in it and i was able to reach the top fine but immediately after i exit the underground my character gets shoved out of the world, and i proceed to listen to my character repeat the same two ""aaahs"" and ""nooos"" until i restart from the checkpoint. This happened to me 4 times in a row, and i finally was able to get it to work by jumping right when i got to the top of the ladder.The soundtrack is generic, the characters aren't any good, the guns are fun to use, but you can't use them because you run out of ammo.I would not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,211400,28279775,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ravaj,"Cons : Game is filled with some bugs, even in this very day. Some game mechanics are tacky and it gets repetitious a lot.Good : Fine to play until some point.."
,Recommended,211400,5294710,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,deburger,75/100
,Recommended,211400,8435627,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pleb destroyer,"This is one of the best games I've bothered to play this year. The protagonist - a brilliant mix of light madness, brutality and epic.Gentlemens, play. I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,211400,7773676,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,StevenSeagal,"It stinks. It stinks. It stinks! I got this based on the premise that a zombie-based platformer set in 1980's Seattle would be an interesting concept. There isn't much to discern that it is even Seattle to begin with, and a lot of the plot seems totally irrelevant. The gameplay is wonky and in some cases unintuitive. There wasn't much to be proud of on completion of this game other than the fact that I'd never have to play it again."
,Recommended,211400,2331465,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,laker,"Absolutely amazing. Astonishing art style, great atmosphere, good story. One moment you run for your life, jumping, sliding, falling, rolling... And next moment you have to solve puzzles so you can move to another adrenalin driven run. Absolute must have for every player out there, not just zombie lovers (I don't care for zombies that much). Full price (12 euros) is too much in my opinion, for 6 hours long game, but you should definitely pick it up in sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,15769671,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Snuggles,"This game looked excellent, and the screenshots look even better than it does in motion. However in practice everything feels awkward. I tried playing with both M+Keyboard and Controller to no avail. Still - I stuck with it for half an hour before the absolutely awful writing finally got to me. I just can't recommend this when there are so many better executed platformers on Steam."
,Recommended,211400,28273265,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,BloodRedGremlin,Everyone should play this game! 10/10
,Not Recommended,211400,11970083,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Marquoise,They made it like Dark Souls; you'll die over and over againExcept it's not fun+ There are SO many bugs and glitches everywhere I'm not even going to attempt to play any further
,Not Recommended,211400,8428116,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GuitaringEgg,Is not interesting story. Is not interesting gameplay. Is not interesting.
,Not Recommended,211400,8316740,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,supimdaniel undercover cop,controls and game mechanics are so frustrating I almost puked in anger. At least I was interested enough to actually beat the game.
,Not Recommended,211400,8008344,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sheldipez,"I'd recommend Deadlight if you like trial and error games or games that constantly bug out on you or repeatedly crash to desktop when you try and pause them (five times). A lot of the time is either it's too dark to see where you're supposed to be heading to or the camera is just too pulled out so you can't see what you're supposed to do. It takes too long to restart and checkpoints are often poorly placed.For a bonus do you like animated cut scenes that don't fit in with the asthetic of the game? Deadlight has you covered. Do you like poor voice acting? Deadlight has you covered.Nice idea, poorly executed."
,Not Recommended,211400,8467574,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Grim,i didnt mine to buy you you are♥♥♥♥♥♥god damet my money whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
,Not Recommended,211400,7960194,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,boyermike,"My initial impressions were very positive as the graphics and audio are well done, but with the exception of the thoughful gameplay elements, the fun stops there. The controls are miserable and just make for a frustrating experience in rushed situations. I am switching onto other games after a multitude of attempts - MANY - at the helicopter chase scene. No matter what I do, I always get hung up on and get shot on that final fence. It just is not any fun! Sure would be a great place to add some adaptive difficulty. If the controls are going to remain the same, It would be nice if it recongized that after 25 tries to relax some element in the interest of a good experience. I expect some hardcore gamers will be shocked at such a statement or request but I will be blunt. I have between work and kids very limited time to enjoy games on the PC; I prefer to spend them a) having fun and b) not repeating the same thing over and over and over and over and o........"
,Not Recommended,211400,175702,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Zamouie,"Let's see, how do I start this recommendation...UTTER DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥-- DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!There are good things I can say about this game, but I will absolutely refuse to because of how many bad things there are.Let's get this party rocking!The story is utterly cliche, a man separated from his family, oh boo hoo, he hasn't found his wife or *DAUGHTER* (of course it has be a daddy's princess and not his son). As a husband and father of 3 (2 sons & a daughter) you'd think I'd connect with him, but absolutely not, he's whiney and a ♥♥♥♥♥. He is not a manly man despite the fact he's a Canadian Mountie who spends all his times in the wood. Again, not a manly man, a ♥♥♥♥♥.You can choose to use guns but you'll be penalized. A gun shot will bring in more zombies than the original shot was worth. The shotgun is about as effective as throwing rocks at someone from a mere 10 feet away. I tried to use a strategy where I'd lure the ""shadows"" (aka zombies) into a spot below me, about 2 feet below my feet and it was 1 shot per zombie, no spread, didn't kill them. I own a Remington 870 12ga, I now how disgustinly powerful a shotgun blast is, I literally tried to find opportunities to use this gun and it is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. In addition you can't use it on humans, they'll shoot you before your kleenex buckshot tickles their nose. I found, more often than not, I would shove or hit zombies once and then *~magically~* jump over them while they were dazed. The zombies have a ""belly-high wall"" that you can jump over their animation with. Yup. You can vault 6 foot high zombies if you only aim the jump for their chest.I heard the words ""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors"" around 30 times. See this youtube video: /watch?v=0bFpTmpBS80 . This game demands absolute platforming perfection in multiple instances after being fair and semi-lax the majority of the game.And last and definitely not least, my absolute biggest gripe is the xbox port over. Every ♥♥♥♥ing command is in xbox language, press RT (right trigger), Press ""A"" to continue, Repeatedly tap ""B"" to escape. WHAT IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ASK ME TO DO IN ♥♥♥♥ING COMPUTER KEY LANGUAGE? When the game says ""Press any button or key to continue"" what they're actually asking you to do is click your mouse. ♥♥♥♥ing try it when yoiu die, it's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.TL;DR ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,211400,8412363,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wizminkey,"Honestly, it's a short puzzle game with a story and zombies. The puzzles are rarely very challenging, most often involving dying 3-4 times until figuring out what you're supposed to be doing in the first place. It's interesting, and looks nice (not great,) but it feels like there should have been more.I don't mean RPG elements or skill growth or any of that. Just more content. If you're going to have a basic game with basic mechanics, you need to have some length to it. The story was alright, but not the sort that leaves a lasting impact.If you're reeeeally into zombie games and need a zombie platformer, then grab it on sale. But I'm glad I didn't pay more than $5 for this."
,Not Recommended,211400,8553980,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,<[L4Desu]> FlaSh.G,"It's got neat graphics, and nice gameplay ideas. Sadly, the playability isn't half as good as it should be and the story is really thin.While you try certain parts over and over again, either because you missed a tiny, inconspicuous object that you could have shot, or because the game lets you fail randomly half of the time even though you did exactly the same, you're getting telled a little background story that is a mix of all major zombie apocalypse clichés and a tiny twist that you can guess after the first two steps the main character has taken.The game is not completely bad, but sadly, it is more bad than good. It could have been more."
76561198138782062,Recommended,211400,16426904,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Detective Marvel,I'm not a massive fan of platformers well I hardly have any games that are platformers but I do *LOVE* zombies so I got this while it was on offer and since if you play it for a short time you can get a refund but I'm not too far in the story I love itYour Randall A.K.A Randy used to be a Park Warden and is now looking for his wife and daughter at a Safe Point at the beginning the survivors your with need to leave so you tell them and your alone has a few tense momentsBasically buy this game I rate it 8/10
,Not Recommended,211400,15462868,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,BananaPancake,"Bad game, the puzzles are badly designed, the controls are heavy and not intuitive, apparently i'm at more than half of the game with a little bit more than an hour.Some reported frequent crashes, personnollay I have an issue when pressing pause. Don't buy."
76561198011526588,Recommended,211400,14755556,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Captain James,"Recently re-installed this game again to play Deadlight in 'Nightmare' mode (a very apt name).My top tip: play through on normal first....many, many times!Anyway, replaying the game again reminded me of just what a brilliant game Deadlight is. Hugely atmospheric and with a great soundtrack, it really offers a bleak, horrifying image of a post apocalyptic future.Great gameplay and controls. I originally played the game via a keyboard but this time, I used my Microsoft 360 controller which worked perfectly.The sound and graphics are amazing and the backdrops are quite stunning.Really enjoyed re-playing the game and will play it again in regular mode very soon."
76561197978390356,Not Recommended,211400,23783208,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gatesofvalhalla,"There is a 'directors cut' on steam, with updated graphics and DLC.They didn't update the existing game and there is no voucher, if you would like to upgrade to the directors cut.Bad move...I like the art-style, 2.5 gameplay etc, but this is just the worst way to treat a paying customer."
76561198002509735,Recommended,211400,21304799,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,{BH} StinkPickles,Game Rocks
,Not Recommended,211400,33436596,Posted: 10 July,all,_Nope,"Decent fun until the Rat part (10 minutes in game?). Then it turns into a cluster♥♥♥♥ of stupid deaths due to quick time do-or-die in one run ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tery with stupidly placed save points (until the end of the game) where the flimsiness of controls really shine.Avoid this. If you are still interested, watch some gameplay on YT. It'll save you a lot of rage."
,Recommended,211400,21213469,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mara Jadewind,"The sewer live a crazy old coot by the name of The Rat,his homemade bobby trap killed me more than the Shadow.What I can said bout this game?? Other than the Crazy Old Coot??Deadlight is a 2d platformer that-you-will-die-alot-puzzleYou'll have to jump alot,duck alot,shoot here and here and there,climb up and down.This game is pretty decent though the storyline and voice acting is bit cheesy.Graphic wise is sweet to view and not eye straining at all, eventually is a pleasant to play with.The ambient and background music blend in good with surrounding and atmosphere.Grab this games when on sales,I had em on 75% and is a good buy but not in full price though.lastly do.....Get yourself a controller it work better than keyboard with this game.&^&kadkjsadlfj$^%*%^* seriously it get on my nerve sometime...Dayum the control and trap.Check out this game is ya love FPS and Zed genre.http://store.steampowered.com/app/232090/"
76561197998606930,Recommended,211400,1834432,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,(A) ColdMike GC,"Потрясающая игра,я не ожидал такого уровня от относительно молодой компании.Пройдя её вы не раз захотите вернуться в этот мир.И будете не раз вспоминать о приключениях в которых побывали в этой игре."
,Not Recommended,211400,16368237,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jay,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.Should've been F2P and a flash game.
,Not Recommended,211400,23819864,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gazia,"I actually bought this game on XBOX Live years ago and didn't have the time to finish it. This time I am rebuying it on STEAM. Overall the whole theme and style of the game attracted me.Interesting concept on 2D side scrolling survival. Great art style and ambience. I will still not recommend it due to the design of the whole game. Controls are super clunky as well as ridiculously unrefined collision distances for interaction and combat. Puzzle designs started decent and turned sour. Many puzzles are frustratingly bad as you must die at least once or twice before you can figure out how to solve or escape an area. Intensity and pace of the game seem to be pretty random or rushed.Verdict:+ Decent game, beautiful background environment- Average storyline (Not sure if it is the case that it's been years after this game was made)- Experience-breaking puzzles, frustratingly stupid deaths- Feels rushed- Some cut-scenes have no sound- Too ♥♥♥♥ing shortTime is better spent elsewehere at this point of time for 2.5D platformers."
76561198046786762,Recommended,211400,16015254,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,{EURR}Zenris,I didn't need a ticket for the 'Feel Train'! :O 10/10
,Recommended,211400,15657445,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,NorseRage,"Amazing game, loved it through and through!"
76561198119259214,Recommended,211400,10939929,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Black Man,"I loved deadlights story and found it challenging and fun.  The art looks amazing and parkour is awsome.  I loved the deadlight but wished the story is longer, even though the story is worth buying the game for.  On sale this is defenatly a must buy.Once finishing the story I replayed some missions and tried the Hardcore survivoir mode.  The hardcore mode is extremly hard and i cant even get through the first level.  The levels are amazing but i wish there was a bigger supply or more kinds of guns.I think that this game is definitly worth it just for those adreniline moments it gives you.If you enjoy zombie or parkour games like mirrors edge or Dead Island but like the 2D genre then this is the game for you.9/10"
76561198260693519,Recommended,211400,29527554,Posted: 27 January,all,nananana BATMAN!!,"Deadlight has an amazing atmosphere and takes 2D platforming to a new level by providing an engaging, if not generic, story. It is a short game with some puzzles, jumping challenges, and light combat, but it keeps begging you to push forward. The graphics, music, and voice acting are all strong.Pros:Excellent atmosphere, creepy and beautiful at the same time.Good old platforming done right with a good mix of jumping, puzzles, and combat.Clever plot devices, while tired, keep the gamer interested to see what is next.Cons:Very short."
76561198010238935,Not Recommended,211400,16749057,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Beezer12Washingbeard,"The storyline seems like a sloppy first draft of something that could have been much, much better."
,Not Recommended,211400,16771891,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Excedium,"I have to write a review before I lose my absolute anger with this game. The storyline is good, but in order to fully understand it you have to read a 60 page diary of this guys life. But that's not the worst part. The worst part is that the gameplay is tedious as ♥♥♥♥. It's freerunning parkour, but you have to be exactly in the right area, and for many parts of the game, at exactly the right time. And in order to do this, you have to die multiple times just to get passed one scene. If there's a helicopter chasing you, you die if you lose a second of running. Also, I have my settings for this game on the lowest possible, and yet I get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ framerate at certain areas, and it will freeze up randomly, which also sucks during chase scenes where one second will kill you. Why does a game with crappy drawn out graphics require so much RAM just to run? You're better off watching someone play this on YouTube, or better yet reading about it on wikipedia. This game would be much better as a novel, and is no where near worth the money."
,Not Recommended,211400,16575592,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GoodOrEvil,"Sluggish controls ruins the gameplay, and an uninteresting story doesn't give you much of a reason to want to continue on."
,Not Recommended,211400,17069791,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Gorilla God,"Pros- Pretty good character animation.- The guns (though used sparingly) feel nice and are satisfying.- Environments looked pretty nice, y'know, as far the whole post-apocalypse thing goes.- Puzzle sections aren't too bad, provided you aren't getting pressured by something. (See Con #4)Cons- Clunky movement in tight spaces and in combat- Mostly poor voice acting- A pretty short and fairly anti-climactic final level with a really dull twist ending with a side of annoying supporting character whining at you. Her actions in the last cutscene actually infuriated me, tbh.- Any tense set piece (especially toward the end) can easily loose its grip when you die from missing a small environment clue or Randall not drawing his gun fast enough.- Can't kill zombies approaching you from the background until they're right on top of you, even though you have a gun.- Wanna jump or swing your axe in a certain direction? Just point one way and press the button you want and Randall will just do it in the opposite direction you wanted him to.- The last half of the game in general was chalk full of frustrating little things overall (and that's pretty much everything I mentioned above).That about sums it up. This is the first game I actually felt strongly enough to write a negative review about for the game itself, and not a botched port job."
,Not Recommended,211400,8461757,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,War,"Boring game with ok gfx, paid £2 for it but felt ripped off. Go watch the Walking Dead or something if you want zombies... Slow paced, tedious combat, simply dull climbing/running."
76561197967324747,Not Recommended,211400,26054120,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,diyox,"A game with a nice visual atmosphere that obviously received no playtesting at all. 2 out of 4 hours playtime are generated by unfair trial and error passages which are even worsened by awful controls. Fun for the first 15 minutes, hell of a pain for the rest of the playthrough. Think twice before bying this frustrating game, even if it's on sale."
,Recommended,211400,20595896,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The Sexual Man,"Good story, good controls. Game is pretty simple. Not takes skill to play."
,Recommended,211400,29431997,Posted: 22 January,all,Reaver,"Run, run, run, jump, run, run, jump,♥♥♥♥♥♥up the double jump off the wall, fall to death.Completed, then started nightmare mode, where I only have one life, got about halfway through (really) then stopped, it was never going to be a thing.Ending was wank tho. But then I did pay about 3 pence for it!6/10 Flashpoint was better, in like 1976 ;)"
76561198024887545,Not Recommended,211400,15551322,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,wedge129,"Run, Jump,Run again. Oh yeah a gun !!!!! Run, Kill,Run, Jump, Run,Jump,Kill. Wait wait ?!?!?!?! No gun ?!?!?!?!Pros:Great ArtSoundtrack is incredibleControl pretty easy to masterCons:Boring.Easy like hellRepetitiveSo overall , its a good game, if u are looking for a zombie oriented on the ambiance and nothing else"
,Not Recommended,211400,17073698,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,kocazerzevat,"It looks great. Art director, graphic designer and other visual contributors deserve a thumbs up. But this is not a movie, nor it is a video art. I am constantly in pain while trying to play this game. Controls ask too much of presicion. If you didn't press on time, you have to go through the long dying animation over and over again. You have to be fast but sometimes, while trying to run away from something, you can't even see what you have to do, you can't see the ladder or such...Plotline is... Meh. Have to save everyone. So you feel like you have to rely on emtions but always monotone, always ""charismatic"" voice acting never allowed me to get sad. ""Blabla is dead"". Ok, man. Move on... But I can't press the damn button at the exact moment I have to! Dead. Here is your animation..."
,Recommended,211400,7738226,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NIL0S,"If zombies and LIMBO had a love child, this would be their baby."
,Recommended,211400,17758328,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,iNgeon,"Very enjoyable game, but just when it got intresting and more difficult it just... endedOnly buy on a steam sale"
,Not Recommended,211400,15234167,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Maxiz!,"Avoid this game like the plague. Shockingly bad controls with clunky movement and sometimes (read: most of the time) the protagonist does whatever the hell he wants. Bad story (who, what, why? There's no explanation) and bad dialogue. It gets to the point where I learn maps through sheer frustration due to dying over and over and over again, not because I don't know where to go but because the controls don't work like the should.Shockingly bad game. Even with an 80% discount it's not even close to being worth it. Worst decision I've ever made buying this game."
,Not Recommended,211400,23560362,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Molotov Slacker,Fun game but then I got stuck and can't progress.  It's rather annoying apparently I'm incapable of mashing the correct combo of buttons even after watching youtube footage of how... so♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211400,23511240,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Zombait,"Deadlight is mostly OK, but it is plagued with persistent irritations. The atmosphere is good, the 2D action within a 3D world lends to a nice modernized retro style, and the gameplay is generally interesting, although it is not without its issues.The controls take some getting used to. Be prepared to die a several dumb deaths until they do. Then when you think you are used to the controls, be prepared to die several more dumb deaths when you miss a jump and touch water, when you don't roll as expected and you get hit by a spike trap, when you miss a fence or a ledge grab and get mobbed, when you try to jump over the top of the fence only to hang there and be caught, etc.The protagonist really should not be traveling alone through a hostile world. He becomes winded after seconds of activity, he is pretty terrible at fighting, he cannot swim at all, and he isn't much better at jumping.The game also suffers from what seems to be a glaring technical issue: the audio rarely plays during cutscenes and may stop abruptly even when it does play (at least on my system and supposedly those of many other people), so be prepared to spend the duration of those cutscenes reading subtitles instead of looking at the pictures. Turning off the subtitles seemed to result in cutscenes playing audio for a while, but after the audio abruptly stopped I was left with neither audio nor subtitles, so that experiment left me worse off than when I started.If my recommendation options were ""Yes"", ""No"", or ""Maybe"" I would not hesitate to give Deadlight a qualified ""Maybe"" to allow for those inclined to suffer repetetive platforming, poor controls, dumb deaths, and broken cutscenes. Otherwise, it's a ""No"" from me.STEAM CONTROLLER NOTE: It does not seem possible to aim shooting weapons such as the gun with the Steam Controller's default control configuration, so you may find yourself stuck in the flashback/training scene immediately after finding the gun. To resolve this problem, you can customize your control configuration to have your right trackpad simulate a right joystick. You can also just use the control configuration I have shared with the community. As I write this there are only two community configurations available, so mine should be easy to find."
76561198089761724,Recommended,211400,13681004,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bigmuff,GG
76561198023168311,Not Recommended,211400,12216205,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Qblaauw,very dissapointing from a gameplay aspect and gets boring about 20 mins in...
,Not Recommended,211400,7856864,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Link_Mu_Shinigami,"This game... It no bueno.  Really though, it's not the most amazing game. The first portion of the game is great, it showed such promise. However, quickly it becomes a game where you need pixel perfect jumping with sloppy controls. Just avoid it, it's not worth the head ache...  It also can be easily beaten between the time you eat lunch and dinner."
,Not Recommended,211400,7835218,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[MG] frags,"Design more than trumps mood or story. That is the story of Deadlight, however, design is its weakest part. Deadlight is a moody puzzle action adventure where... yet again the world is taken over by zombies. There's a back story abot the character that is muddled in weird flashbacks and diary pages. You never get a sense of why you are being told this boring story. But the pay off is the ending (somewhat). The game concludes very satsfactorily. Platforming and the puzzles are incredibly tedious and can be frustrating. Be prepared to die again... and again simply becaus your character is as slow as a lumbering tractor."
,Recommended,211400,7858722,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mabec,Its worth getting thru once. But thats about it i am afraid.
,Recommended,211400,8423095,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I suck at this game,"It's like a colored ""Limbo"", just with weapons,zombies,voices and an interesting Storyline."
,Recommended,211400,12762702,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,JazzD!,"Very Cool freerun and zombie apocalypse .Very good game if you like this genre !And the story line is good .The game has also moments with pistol and the beggining u get mele weapon ( axe ) .It is very fun , BUY IT ! :))"
76561198041125611,Recommended,211400,12959653,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cheese Spoon,I absolutely love this game
76561198005919137,Recommended,211400,12862280,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,A very atmospheric isometric survival shooter adventureIt is well done and delivered game
,Recommended,211400,12789401,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,JohnC,Excellent photo-realistic visuals and environments. Reminds me of the classic Flashback of the 90s.
76561197987843932,Recommended,211400,17186629,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,spessu_sb,Solid horror-ish sidescroller action game. Very well made.
76561198141733817,Recommended,211400,14687362,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,E.P.D. Gaffney,"Great game.  Quite short but I didn't mind much.  I love the atmosphere and the overall concept.  Almost everything is perfect.What's not perfect is the cutscenes sometimes don't play sound, which I solved by watching them on YouTube but there's some other update fix and not everyone's computer has this problem apparently; the controls are slightly imperfect (chiefly when turning round and performing another action, or hoping to jump straight up but not being absolutely motionless before trying; no-thing terrible but occasionally annoying); and some odd bugs, like things triggering in a strange way if you backtrack (especially checkpoints; I had to reload from the beginning of an area because of this, though I believe there was another fix that I didn't feel like finding as I was only a few minutes in), and some of the default UDK texture appearing on a couple of objects.But overall, I found the game quite immersive and was glad to play a well executed platformer for the first time in a long time.  The music is brilliant.  The design is ingenious.  The analogue aiming was very interesting and I liked it.A lot of people don't like the sewer section.  I admit the first portion of the game is probably the best but the sewer is just a platformer throwback and it's done fairly well.  It's a lot like Abe's Oddysee (I haven't played the remake so I'm talking about the PS1 game).I didn't buy it at full price but I never buy any thing unless it's almost free, so...maybe that helped.  It is short after all."
,Not Recommended,211400,20955308,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,GOD BLESS AMERIGA,Not worth it. Not even on a sale.
76561197961262628,Not Recommended,211400,17116409,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Oingo87,I enjoyed the first hour but the game eventually became a bit tedious and I especially didn't like the ending.
,Not Recommended,211400,14929735,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sefris,"Deadlight shows a lot of potential, especially early on. It's a tense, dark side scrolling platform with a great art style and wonderful attention to detail.Sadly this only lasts for the first Act. Eventually the ideas ran out and the cohesive world building and fourth wall are broken for no apparent reason. Instant kill traps for no good reason, forced combat situations, cliche story, and trial and error fill up the rest of the remaining two acts.I'll explain a bit more about the trial and error as that is what truly causes this game to deserve a thumbs down. This is a game that will make you want to throw a controller/smash a keyboard. I'm fine with tough platformers, but not if the problem is the controls. The tight controls from the begining of the game do not hold up to the advanced ""we put this death trap ridden jungle gym of a house falling apart just becuase"" sections throughout the game.An example: in one level you are tasked with sprint running through a door, making a jump over water, running fast through a corridor, wall jumping to grab a ledge, vaulting over and then rolling through the escape. Any slip makes you restart. The kicker? This is literally impossible if you long jump (sprint + jump) on the first jump. But you are already sprinting through the door so you have to stop sprinting, jump, then sprint. This is the only puzzle that requires this and there is no hint as to why you die in the corridor because you long jumped. After restarting 20ish times you either look up the trick online, or figure it out by mistake/trial and error. By all means google a few youtube videos of it, the level is called Fallen.Bad game design and a lack of polish ruined a game that showed great potential, and really, that's too bad."
,Not Recommended,211400,28727583,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kappawaii,"Good story and smooth gameplay except for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls that ruin the game, even while playing with a Steam Controller.The is♥♥♥♥♥♥btw.3.5/10"
76561197993626713,Not Recommended,211400,13684130,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,NailDive,"Deadlight represents a little bit of a coup for me, in that I have not played a classical 2D platformer in a VERY long time, and there is a really good reason for that - They generally make me want to go super saiyan 2 and annihilate a small country community. But I thought, ""Why not? It's been a good ten years between drinks, let's see how things have progressed."" Part of me hopes that Deadfall doesn't represent the best that 2D platformers have to offer, because to be brutally honest, Donkey Kong Country had 97 times the gameplay and there were more colours on the SNES controller than there are in Deadfall. The leaping and rolling gave me flashbacks TO THE ORIGINAL Prince of Persia, and unfortunately didn't work as well. Coming to think of it, if you rendered Prince of Persia and took out all the awesome sword fighting, traps, and hidden secrets, then shaved like.... 37hrs of gameplay and a metric ♥♥♥♥tonne of difficulty off it, you'd be in the ballpark of where Deadfall sits.Here's where Deadfall had wins for me: I didn't feel like an octopus with cerebral palsy trying to finish it. The art in the cutscenes was screenshot-worthy. And there were some cool (albiet underused) slow motion moments where I became the king of parkour.Here's where Deadfall faceplanted in the loose gravel of disapointment: It's horrendously short for a platformer, and just as easy to finish (the masichist in me likes the feel of the ocean occasionally). The protagonist is all kinds of ♥♥♥♥ed up, as illustrated by his diary and....um....halucinations? The slingshot is ridiculous and shouldn't have been included in the game - there's not shortage of ammo, and the guy is a ♥♥♥♥ing Mounty/MMA fighter/parkour ragamuffin from the streets. What does he need a ♥♥♥♥ing slingshot for? Shotgun and revolver would have been just fine thanks, and I think I only used my shotgun once because I was afraid there'd be no ammo and might need it in the next 20hrs of gameplay that never came, or to fight the nonexistential bosses that I assumed would eventually appear.The story wasn't even original. Or good. And I've seen better endings in YouTube videos of people eating sandwiches."
,Recommended,211400,28731214,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yocko,"Awesome, this game is just awesome. I love the main characters, and the story is pretty good. The atmosphere is also a really good point of this game. It's an overall great experience and everyone should buy this during sales ! (2,39€, seriously ...)A lot of people have complain about controls, but trust me, they're wrong. Sometimes you could have some trouble with a jump or a box, but it's always your fault.Yes, sometime the game is frustrating. But why ? For me, it was essentially because I wanted to keep my ammo, and I should've use them, or just because a puzzle is a bit sophisticated ... (it's not a puzzle game so they're all easy, don't worry)."
,Not Recommended,211400,34177678,Posted: 11 August,all,Osta,"This has got to be the worst platformer game ever made. It is going in my hall of fame for wasted money.PROS:- StoryCONS:- No way to get past the zombies. You're in 2D flatland, buddy, Only way to avoid a zombie is ""jumping"" through, but it will only save you if no more zombie are behind that one.- Platforming controls were designed by idiots/developpers who have never played platformers before. Forget the DOWN+JUMP that almost EVERY platform game use to drop down from a ledge/rope/platform. Nope, in Deadlight, you have to use the ATTACK button to drop down.- The grabbing detection is just awful. Think 1989 Prince of Persia. That's how precise you have to be when aligning the character to grab objects above. And when you're running forward toward a fence that your have to go over, it will not go for the edge, you'll have to climb a few steps up before being able to flip over.This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2D parkour game. Save your money, buy other similar games like Dying Light."
76561197971626954,Not Recommended,211400,10224167,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,chriso1220,"Good:Really nice visuals, and a decent story.Bad:Hard to tell what's in the background as opposed to your current plane. It's a 2D game but the enemies sometimes come from the background and it's hard to tell at what point you can hit them. The gun combat is OK, but the melee is very poor, the hit detection seems to be a bit off much of the time. Occasionally unresponsive controls. Some cheesy deaths from the environment that can only be avoided if you've already tried it once.Conclusion:I'd give it a 5/10 at full price, but if you can get it for 5 bucks of less i'd probably bump it up to a 6/10. It had potential if they only tightened up the combat and made the background and foreground a little more distinctive."
,Recommended,211400,292831,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,BlueStinger,"Second of my apocalyptic double tonight is 'Deadlight'A 80's style and setting, old school platformer very similar to the original Prince of Persia and Another World/Flashback and the more modern Limbo.So we have a side scrolling 2D platformer set in a very serious very bleak setting. It paints a grim zombie infested world with a direct nod to George Romero's earlier dead trilogy. There's no comedy here. And the sheer level of detail in the gorgeous visuals really really hit home the hopelesness of it all. The backgrounds are beautifully drawn and animated. The soundtrack and ambient effects are top notch too. A really fantastic atmophere it all creates.Some nice collectibles to be found also. And there a full set of making of videos and early artwork. Lots of 80's stuff and an explanation of why the game was set in the 80's :) Worth looking through it if you buy the game.I totally recommend it!PS all of the achievements are named after hit songs from the 80's :)"
,Not Recommended,211400,270755,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Abbe,"Bit mixed feelings about this game. It's not a bad game but too many flaws and problems made the initial amazing impression turn to a frown by the end.Graphically its amazing, i really love the artstyle and how you view the world, the cutscenes are very stylistic but could use a few more frames in the animation. While the backgrounds aren't as amazing as in Trine 1&2 they are masterfully lit and really look great all the time. Those with an artistic interest would probably enjoy it a lot because of the environments.The gameplay is similar to Another World and Prince of Persia, two very old games. This isnt a problem and works quite well most of the time, the biggest gripe I have is that sometimes jumping works fine to get past, other times you get stuck and die, melee doesnt connect, they manage to grab you in the middle of a swing or sometimes they just dont wanna fall down, its somewhat inconsistent and feels unfair rather than challenging.This is the same through the whole game, some jumps are somewhat hard to see, some things are trial and error until you get it right. Most of the checkpoints are close so you wont have to replay much when you die, but the last section of the game is long and if you make a mistake you die and have to replay it all. Its not hard, but trial and error until you memorize that♥♥♥♥♥♥The story could be better, the biggest flaw is in the writing and it suffers somewhat of the ""your father the king"" syndrome. It could be so much better with some work, but I didnt really get any emotional attachment to anyone in the world. The ending really didnt make any sense, him holding a speech about something and then not doing the very same thing he talked about, sure, closure and all, but damn, don't be a hypocrite.Technically the game didnt crash any, but a couple times the physics engine bugged out and either instakilled me or didn't kill me. The biggest bug is when the main menu doesnt load and the game just sits there for 1-3minutes until it finally comes up. At least the checkpoint loading is instant.Good looking game, but frustrating, bad writing and a bit unfair/trial-and-errory at times."
,Not Recommended,211400,14099257,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,hahabst1025,"don't search guide and watch walkthroughif u wanna get this gametry to figure out how to do right action and movethis game too short but with varity stage and storybut sorry i must choose not recommend, about prize too short i m really sure"
,Recommended,211400,29238142,Posted: 13 January,all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,"We all have some darkness inside. No matter who you are, what walk of life you come from, everyone has a little voice inside that tells us to do evil, to steal, to mock, maybe even to do harm. But we all (I'm hoping, dear reader, I can include you in this) push those thoughts away... Either by pushing them down as deep as they can go, or letting them drift out of our minds like a mistaken fart in the wind. We survive our day to day lives because we have the ability to know right from wrong.But then suddenly ZOMBIES OH GOD. Or ""shadows"" as they are named in the game - and an apt name at that. These aren't just typical zombies. Yes they slouch around, trying to bite you, and only a head shot will kill them, but when they appear, they are always coming out of the shadows. From the background, from under your feet. They come from the dark places in a ruined city, and they are coming for your flesh.Deadlight is the story of Randall Wayne, a park ranger who is looking for his wife and daughter in the midst of a zombie outbreak in Seattle. The city is ruined, there are Shadows everywhere, and all you know is that everyone is trying to get to the safe zone at the stadium where the military is supposed to protect the survivors. We don't know why Randall was separated from his family first, but through cut scenes drawn in a scratchy motion comic we learn more and more about what happened to everyone, why we are in the situation to begin with, and what we have to do to find his wife and daughter. Along the way you meet old friends who you thought died who can help you on your journey, and...Interesting denizens of the underground.The game mechanics themselves are pretty straight forward - it is a platformer. Try to jump and shimmy and crawl through different obstacles, using what you find along the way (such as weapons and fire axes) to solve different puzzles; all while trying to avoid the dark for fear it will rise up with no warning.This is not to say there are jump scares. When they start moving, the shadows are slow and deliberate - which I find to be far more distressing in some ways.The overall art is wonderful. The city's very spirit seems broken, as you climb through shattered glass, boarded up doors, and climb up neon signs that are falling apart as you go. Everything is fluid, and even through this is a 2D platformer, shadows and other enemies do come out of the background, as if they are walking down an alleyway towards you. Again - scarier than jump scares in many ways.The shadows. The dark part of our hearts that we try so hard to forget and try so very hard to push down is really the focus of this story. This isn't a tale questioning if we are any different than the zombies. This is a story about one man fighting against his own darkness, his own fear, his own self-loathing to find and save the only two people he has in this world. He is fighting his own shadows. He is fighting back the darkness both physically and emotionally.Can he do it? What happens when he finds his wife? His daughter? It made my jaw drop to the floor when I found out."
,Recommended,211400,8476750,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mostly Nice,"Deadlight? Dead-right! What an expectantly, thrilling little game. Solid story and engaging story with exciting game play accompanied by eerie & chilling soundtrack. This game is a sterling way to break up the genre and immerse yourself into a good storyline with atop-notch visual experience. Scenery, backdrops and models are of the highest quality and will keep you spellbound from start to finish.Admittedly, the story has been done before and feels like a repeat at times, but that will not be enough to distract you from the overall experience and wanting to progress. For the money, this game is worth every cent & offers a ‘nightmare mode’ once completed to test your application and patience. The main story has about 3-4 hours gameplay. I recommend finding the secrets and diary pages to spread the game out a little bit and fully engross yourself into the story.The developers really nailed the zombie survival, post-apocalyptic feel for the game. You get a decent amount of ammo but are encouraged to find alternative ways to deal with zombies as well retaining your stamina. The game would have got an extra point if there had more weapons and more uses for the sling (i.e. distracting enemies)Deadlight deserves an 8.5/10 – Visual aspect of the game is just ace and is really something to marvel as you move into each area. A real sense of tension is created in each scene as you’re made to think on your toes and work out situations quickly. I would recommend this game to anyone. It’s a classy addition to the genre and a breath of fresh air in my video game lungs."
,Recommended,211400,8438351,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,enyo,"Deadlight takes a different approach to the zombie genre. With it's more or less 'flight over fight' playstyle, it forces the player to flee when the numbers of the deemed ""shadows"" exceed that that of more than two. I personally found it to be a very enjoyable twist in the series, opposed to games such as Left 4 Dead that give you the option to fight whilst keeping a steady movement pace, Deadlight encourages the player to keep moving at all times, only slowing them down with numerous puzzles and sequences of contraptions concieved by survivors.However, beyond the hordes of undead and traps that could massacare Randall in a blink of an eye, the real threat lies within the game's controls. Unresponsive, clunky sequences result in a very unenjoyable experience at several points of the game that make you just want to walk away from the computer. Several stages of the game feature fast-paced parkour over fences and under obstacles, but fail to properly display the full potential of such a mechanic due to Randall prefering to hang onto a ledge whilstlooted helicopers rain hell from above youor hordes of undead threaten to rip you limb from limb.Overall the game has a very fun premise but falls short of something that could have been an amazing experience for the player to enjoy for hours on end.7/10."
76561197963411795,Not Recommended,211400,29681277,Posted: 3 February,all,Urden,"2/10Decent art and mediocre voice acting slightly spruce up this plodding and forgettable sidescroller.  I was ready to be done with it after an hour or so but then realized how short the game was and opted to continue.  My opinion of the game would've been higher had I quit early on, before encountering the sequences where you have to nail the controls (that sometimes respond in surprising ways) perfectly to move forward.  Acing these sections gave momentary, annoyed relief, but no sense of satisfaction.It's pretty for an indie game, but there are better ways to spend your gaming time."
76561197989704407,Recommended,211400,13211571,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ultimate Beta,Grab it on sale. Its a great game (gameplay wise NOT STORY) however its very short clocking in at around 3 hours with a unsatisfying end.However still if you can pick it up for $5 or less go for it.
,Recommended,211400,28388568,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dante wanna cry ✅,"This game was good, but ♥♥♥♥in glitch and broken AF"
,Recommended,211400,4765756,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,kschang77,"Deadlight is a platform puzzler set in a 1960's Seattle after some sort of an apocalyptic event that turned people into ""shadows"" (i.e. Zombies). You pay Randall Wayne, forest ranger, nature lover, and survivalist, and you are determined to do what is necessary to save your family from any threat, be it human or Shadow...  While gunplay is possible, it is discouraged, as ammo is extremely limited (you can carry less than 20 rounds of each ammo, and you rarely find more). Your other weapons are even MORE limited in utility. So you need to RUN from the Shadows usually, and/or finding a way to go where they can't (fortunately, they can't climb ladders).You start alone, as the group you hung with chose to strike out on their own. You try to make your way to the safe zone, hoping for safety there, and perhaps, your family. The game will have you doing a bit of Prince of Persia jumps as you jump from ledge to ledge, ladder to overhead pipe, leaping over barbed wired topped storm fences, doing wall leap  (reach higher spot than normal jump by pushing off the opposite wall) , crouch in pipes, over cars... The game is 2D but has parallax and perspective scrolling to give the illusion of 3D. The players and other objects are full 3D, and nicely animated.As with all platformers, frustration set in when you tried to repeat the same segment 15-20 times and could get past it, as you need to repeat a sequence back exactly timed or you fail. Leap here, leap again there, reverse aim here, forward, climb a fence but not jump off, shoot enemies, etc.  That's a pretty long sequence lasting minutes, and there are no savepoints in between so you're forced to repeat the whole thing should you fail. The infamous ""helicopter sequence"" here needs no explanation.There are a ton of collectible objects in the game for you to find, if you like that sort of item hunting.All in all, Deadlight is an action puzzler set in a unique era and thus achieves something remarkable: making a zombie game interesting again. If you like the idea of a different zombie game, get this game.NOTE: Best played with a gamepad, such as the Xbox360 controller. You don't really want to play with keyboard . Also, ALT-Tab performance is occasional freeze-ups), loses sound in the cutscenes, and few minor bugs."
,Recommended,211400,21651710,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Kaesarac,"The best zombie themed game I have played so far, no doubts about it.The storyline is the main power in here, it will catch you from the start and leave you wanting more and more of it as you play it. Then you might think ""but it's roughly 4 hours long"", well, yes. But it's a perfect fit, you won't even notice it.The art design is amazing, you really feel as if you are in a dark and gritty zombie-filled city, looking for your friends and family. Soundtrack cracked me up a few times as well.One of the best 2D games I've played, and definitely the best zombie-like.Overall: 10/10 absolutely nothing to complain about it, get it, whether on sale or not."
,Not Recommended,211400,25735970,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Rose,"Controls are wonky, story sometimes doesn't even make sense, zombies take too long to go down, character has the stamina of a 90 year old man during combat, collectibles don't make any sense (finding pieces of your missing journal in random places? Why would your journal be missing and then scattered on a linear 2D path, etc. Not the worst game in the world sure but its bad.The story complaints and things not making sense and realistic if it didn't try and paint itself as a serious game which it does."
,Recommended,211400,23994493,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,danielxancient,"I was never big fan of side scrolling games or stealth type .But when I got this game I realised that this is something new and fresh...The graphics are great ,so is the sound and story line .The deeper you go the more interesting it gets.For the fans of all kind of zombie games and  people who like interesting story line with a lot of jumping ,sneaking ,killing etc,etc this game is made especialy for you.It drags you in..."
76561198086275224,Recommended,211400,24027672,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,spl!te,Pretty amazing (graphic is aging very well) but short and easy.Ps: remap crouch from [LCtrl] to [LAlt] or it is unplayable without gamepad ([LShift] + [d] --> [LShift] + [D] + [LCtrl] = really? :D Without breaking fingers? :D )
,Recommended,211400,24002452,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mark It Zero,"great story, atmosphere, & action in a short & complete package, well worth the price (when on sale at least)"
,Recommended,211400,24011686,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,_ kilee,I recommend this game 10/10
76561197976497420,Not Recommended,211400,33024047,Posted: 29 June,all,NoRegrets1961,"I believe i die at every check point, not sure if the game is that hard or i'm a bad player cause i just keep dying and don't have a chance. It is frustrating, i wanted to like this game. Not so sure now."
,Recommended,211400,8407454,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Oahkery,"The game was pretty fun but fairly short. There were a couple of places that were incredibly frustrating because there was no room for error, yet the controls are imprecise. The controls are completely fine for the more open, less pressured areas, but when having to run through a collapsing building and make perfect jumps in time to avoid being crushed, the small flaws rear their head to make you miserable. However, I still enjoyed the game overall. The atmosphere is great, and the puzzles are entertaining. Not worth the full $15 in my opinion (I completed the game in slightly more than 3 hours, which means I could have just gone to see a movie and spent less money for about the same amount of entertainment, and we all know how much movies cost these days), but well worth picking up on the cheap during a Steam sale."
,Recommended,211400,8374065,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Uzaru,A really awesome game. If you like your good ol zombie games and are a fan of Limbo. Then you really should get this!
,Not Recommended,211400,8411654,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,gord,"if you want a game full of terrible writing where the main charater waxes poetic about every single thing he see's in a cringe worthy manner - and is also full of bugs and controlls like a dump truck, this is the game for you. its also the most unintelligent thing i've played in a while. just do exactly what the game clearly labels for you to do and keep moving forward, that is about it."
76561197990963948,Not Recommended,211400,34719643,Posted: 3 September,all,LSR°,Bland and boring game with bad mechanics.
,Not Recommended,211400,25079389,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Killer Kitty,Greedy Developers. Way to kill your own reputation. *Uninstalled*
76561197990080017,Not Recommended,211400,26025474,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Killer,"So the publisher released a Director's Cut version, thats cheaper than the original version on Steam.  There's no upgrade option, or even the smallest discount to the original purchases of the game to get access to new editions features.  The publisher is on my blacklist, I strongly suggest avoid."
,Not Recommended,211400,34688774,Posted: 2 September,all,Светоч,Game with a huge potential.But it's epic fail. Developers are all thumbs hating all PC keyboard/mouse players.0.00000001 stars of 10.
,Recommended,211400,1040558,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,internisus,"Despite occasional game design problems and the worst writing and voice acting that I have suffered in quite some time, Deadlight is an enjoyable cinematic 2D platformer (Prince of Persia, Another World).  Its traversal and combat mechanics are fun to play with, and it's quite good-looking, too.  Now and then, it's even clever.I very much like this type of game, so even when I was rolling my eyes or frustrated I was still glad to have it.  If you share my genre propensity here, I encourage you to purchase Deadlight, although perhaps not at full price."
,Recommended,211400,8848034,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Graeme,"Deadlight is a game where we take on the role of a survivor, Randall Wayne, as he searches for his family in an apocalyptic Seattle.The sound and audio in Deadlight are phenomenal. Deadlight features a wonderful sountrack that fits each level perfectly. The voice acting in Deadlight is quite well done as well, though at times the narrative can be a little emotionless. There are no cutting or static issues with the audio in Deadlight. Deadlight delivers a wonderful experience through sound. 4.5/5Visually Deadlight is stunning. Brilliant aesthetics and effects really bring this game to life. Deadlight is by far the most beautiful sidescroller game I have ever played. The textures are crisp, clean, and high quality. No texture clipping or inconsistencies were experienced. 5/5Deadlight's story is well written. The story in Deadlight is both narrated through Randall's thoughts and read through his diary. The added depth to the story that comes from the reading of Randall's diary really gives the player insight into Randall's world. The story is full of tense moments and unexpected twists.  5/5Mechanically Deadlight are well done, but not perfect. Deadlight features some environment interaction, though this is mostly limited to opening doors and solving puzzles. The movement in Deadlight is quite fun- being able to blast through levels as fast as possible, or taking it slow. The game has some issues with regards to keyboard controls, as it is difficult to make some jumps, though this is not really an issue. The gameplay can be a little ""iffy"" at times, such as events not firing or forcing the player out of areas. No crashes were experienced.  3/5Deadlight is a game that takes place in a beautiful world, with amazing sounds and voice acting. The story in Deadlight is fantastically executed and deep. The game has very basic mechanics, despite this, the game is worth every penny.Final numerical score 17.5/20 or 87%"
,Recommended,211400,4282014,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Mr. Dawn with Keys Hat,"With so many zombie themed games, most of them essentially copying each other, Dead Light brings a new perspective for a zombie outbreak, with a 2D scenario, with limited movement and focusing on strategy and resource managing.Every movement must be previously planned, as some actions require stamina, which is limited, and ammo is very scarce and must be used wisely. DL is different because it makes you think to solve all the puzzles, not just shooting around to progress through levels.It's indeed a great piece of work, with photorealistic graphics, good controls, good plot, and good mechanics.If you get the chance, buy it and try a different approach for a zombie game."
,Not Recommended,211400,32877982,Posted: 27 June,all,Girei,"i dont understand why this game has so many good reviews,i like indie games and appreciate low budget games,i tried so hard to like it but no,its was really boring experience,only thing i liked is art style."
76561198010100925,Not Recommended,211400,25239893,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,FrostySlayer,I really hate this game.It seems to be purposefully designed to make you hate it and it does its job well.
76561198042838516,Not Recommended,211400,12999163,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,[Ӻ.ɧ] No.1 The Larch,Buggy at times with a very unsatifying ending
76561198077481640,Recommended,211400,10906106,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,svg baboon,"Deadlight is a great game! Really bad if you have to poop and are trying to finish a level, cant really concentrate on both at once!ProTip: Use bathroom BEFORE playing Deadlight or any other game."
,Recommended,211400,4166159,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Tristan,"Deadlight is well-made and an addictive old school ​​platformer with a surprisingly good storyline. It's an outstanding game about avoiding death with lots of running, jumping and climbing as well as brain teasers but, unfortunatelly, sometimes there are scripts that kill so suddenly that there is no way to evade (so you have to die to know the risks, and then play the scene again). The main strength of this production is a credible post-apocalyptic atmosphere and the fact that this is one of the few games where you really want to stay away from the zombies, rather than charge them with your finger on the trigger. We have evocative sound effects and pretty nice graphic which masterfully play with darkness and, last but not least, unpredictable plot feigning hope and the lack of it."
,Not Recommended,211400,7564112,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Paul Morel,"This game is awful. Terrible design. Terrible port. No play testing as far as I can tell. All your deaths result from unresponsive controls, poorly designed puzzles, and long character animations. Don't waste money on this game. One puzzle is literally impossible with mouse/keyboard as far as I can tell. Don't buy it. Don't buy anything from this dev. The end."
76561198042332141,Not Recommended,211400,24146238,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MadAndronicus,Released a new DLC priced higher than the original game and no discount to people who bought the original game.  Dont expect much from greedy developers.
,Recommended,211400,8414819,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Demonslayer2222,"OMG what can i say, totally blown away by this game, even though it is a side scrolling adventure which i tend to not like this game has impressed me from the start with great visuals, cool storyline and some very nice puzzles to navigate. Full price this game is worth a purchase, get it on sale and no brainer, go see for yourself i doubt you will be disapointed. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,14017394,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Akka,"The game refused to acknoweldge my inputs at crucial moments. The devs were probably aware of how much of a buggy mess it was so dying, as it will OFTEN happen out of your control, sets you back a minor amount of time."
,Not Recommended,211400,7747515,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ronnie,"Oh Deadlight what happened? From a first glance you look like you tick all the boxes: a puzzle-platformer to the likes of Abe's Odyssey or Flashback in a shadowy, gritty zombie apocalypse! but instead you have clunky controls, horrendous dialogue, cliché story, obscure combat and an 80's setting that has no significance to... anything!Turn the light out, it's dead in the water."
76561198040094078,Recommended,211400,28268080,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Woker123,great zombie game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending
76561198004314322,Recommended,211400,32754542,Posted: 24 June,all,shamwow,Good gameplay and very nice storyline.
,Recommended,211400,2618541,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,CHEJoK,★ ★ ★ ★ ★
,Recommended,211400,2653992,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Murtle,"Well Microsoft scored points right off the bat for not using GFWL for this game.Deadlight was a fun and engaging little platformer with a very rich atmosphere and dark environment. The controls are tight and the average zombie encounter gives you a fight or flight option with flight usually being the best course of action. The graphics and artwork of a destroyed post apocalyptic Seattle were stunning and the character development and pacing are well done. My only beef was with the puzzle elements of the game, being rudimentary and annoying to the point where they just felt like they were holding up the real gameplay and story progression.(Ratman I'm looking at you)The nightmare mode as a reward for finishing doesn't offer much in the way of replayability but overall the game is worth picking up for the single playthrough.I would recommend this game at around a $4-$6 price point."
,Recommended,211400,10038457,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Vae Victus,Hell yeah!! One of my favorites!
,Recommended,211400,10651554,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,An Internet Cafe Owner,"Very easy to pickup and continue, good if you want to pass some time"
76561198024329605,Not Recommended,211400,11929176,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TUmaDO,"How should i begin....ok so this game made me go mad with bad controls,the lack of anti alias is a shot,the reloding is the most anoying thing,the gameplay is broken,those teleporting zombies are great!(reall?)it was a bad experience so far."
,Not Recommended,211400,8403883,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Serial Tekilla,"Deadlight looked promising, but after a while it got extremely boring and repetitive, with puzzles fit for 6-year-old children. No real challenge. I simply couldn't be bothered any more."
76561198006332557,Not Recommended,211400,31415010,Posted: 28 April,all,lparadoxx,"While the graphics are smooth and look nice (especially in the videos) I couldnt find the drive to care about any characters, especially the protagonist. The controls are clunky and any progress just feels unsatisfying, there are so many other indie games that dont have to play off the overdone and tired Zombie trope, which are similar to Deadlight in gameplay but have a much nicer narrative. I love dying, it compells me to play harder in games and think about things, but in Deadlight it just gets to the point where you just start trying random things to find that one linear path to the end, which after about an hour I couldnt of cared less for, I let Randall drown in some basement and I was happy with that ending.Gameplay is sparse and boring, insanely repetitive and really held no excitement for, after enjoying games like Limbo and the Last Train I came away from Deadlight heavily unsatisfied, I can forgive a bad/boring story or poor controls, but not both. The soundtrack was suprisingly good, but alas cannot make up for the lack of a game, would probably be better if you just did away with the combat all together which is a total flow breaker and is absolutely cumbersome.I didnt really want to give this game a negative review, it has great atmosphere and feels, just a shame everything else was so lacking."
,Recommended,211400,3074985,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,|RUS| CrazyOPEX,Super game ...
,Recommended,211400,7577121,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,clckwrkrng,Limbo with zombies and guns. Atmosphere and music are just brilliant. Never expected that actually a platformer game could be so exciting and touching. 10 out of 10.
,Recommended,211400,13729335,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,johnny blobal,I like this game. I just like it. It makes me relaxing and peaceful. I think i'll come back to complete this game again time after time.
76561198082571861,Not Recommended,211400,11755681,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,J33nyus,"I have a hard time recommending this game at full price.  I picked it up for $2.99 during the summer sale and it is worth that.  My main complaint is the sluggish and unresponsive controls.  It's infuriating at times.  Certain time sensitive areas becoming nearly impossible, not because of clever level design, but because of terrible controls.  Instead of getting that feeling when you finally break through like man that was an awesome challenge, it's more like thank god that's over with I hope I never have to deal with that again.  On the plus side the aesthetic is nice, good graphics, backgrounds, etc.  Story is meh but I've seen worse.  Again it's a good pickup while on sale but please do yourself a favor and don't waste $10 on this game.  2/5"
,Recommended,211400,14159342,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,sani,"You know, I enjoyed the game. Even though the game doesn't bring anything new to the table and the puzzles are quite easy, the game has a great atmosphere and look to it. If you're looking for a compelling story the game won't suit you but if you're looking for a great looking 2D platformer with puzzle elements and some replay ability Deadlight isn't a bad choice. I would definitely buy it again, but I guess I would wait for a sale."
,Recommended,211400,31934493,Posted: 24 May,all,Mia,This is one of those kinda game that if u like it...u like it...I loved this game...I only wished if they had made this as a 3rd person survival game...Yea its a 2.5D zombie game....and what i liked is its not just shoot at the horde of zombies coming at u.It has a nice little story...u need to conserve ammo...u need outsmart zombies...there are trapz...and a nice soundtrackArrghhh again i wish if they had made this as a 3rd person survival game......
,Not Recommended,211400,19766173,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Clamtacos,"51% of the game complete, I am compelled to stop and write this review.Deadlight is boring.  I do not recommend it.The weapons are disappointing, the puzzles are simplistic and underwhelming, the characters and story are trite to the point of offense.First weapon you get is a fireman's axe. You can hit zombies infinitely with it without severing limbs or them dying. The only way to kill zombies with this axe is to first knock one down, then perform this execute attack while they're still toppled over but because execute and attack are bound to the same key you'll often find yourself simply swinging your harmless axe when when you'd like to be severing heads.The axe is so disappointing that by the time you find the pistol, you're foaming at the mouth, but that doesn't last long because you never find enough bullets for the pistol to be useful or fun. Don't even get me started on how disappointing the shotgun is, firiing it point-blank range into the faces of 3-4 zombies and watching only the closest die. I'll leave some inventive obcene remarks about uninspiring gameplay to your imaginations.It's dawning on me now that this is a zombie game where you don't get to enjoy killing zombies. Instead, I guess the developers thought it would be fun to navigate their linear level design, occasionally jumping over a trap or having to double-back and scale a ladder. The complexity of the puzzles in this game so far would underwhelm a mongoloid.Sadly, the banality of this game extends to nearly all aspects of the story and characters. The protagonist, a 33-year-old, gruff-sounding, white, bearded, rugged, survivalist-type narrates the story, progress, or action, providing as much thrill as watching grass grow.  The dialogue scrapes up the utter dredges of the bottom of the barrel in entertainment as characters mournfully lament their new lives in ""hell"". Never have I cringed so hard at lines as when the hero laments his separation from loved ones and sardonically contemplates the existence of an almighty creator upon his discovery of the aforementioned worthless shotgun.Steer clear of this trash, you've already played this game. You've read this story. There's nothing new or exciting here, and everything within has been done better before."
,Not Recommended,211400,20586959,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tegernseher,"Let me start out by saying some good things about this game. I really enjoyed the graphic style, the really cool sound design and during the first chapter of the game, I also enjoyed the gameplay mechanics.Now let's talk about the rest. Story-wise this game is atrocious. I won't spoil anything, but the writing is really clichéed. Strong man that doesn't talk much and mourns his family. The real enemy is not a zombie, but the human itself. And it is a human that attempts to♥♥♥♥♥♥a woman at the point, where the story almost falls apart, just to create some suspense. Not really imaginative.The gameplay turns into a catastrophy while playing the last chapter. From timed jumps, to bullsh*t hitboxes that will make you die over and over again - everything is in there. Phrases like ""The Safe Point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors."" will make the replaying of those little parts even worse. The worst part are the checkpoints. You think that you will only have to replay that one jump, but you start out at the beginning of a long and unrewarding section that will take you approximately 30 minutes to finish. The game design in the last chapter is just really, really bad.Another minor quirk is the overlapping of audio. Since recordings that can be found throughout the game world do not have subtitles, you will have to crank the volume up in order to understand them. Of course, they are a bit distorted, to make it even harder to understand.The collectibles are also very, very unrewarding. There are hints at the government using leftover missiles from the Cold War, but as a whole the plotholes are very big. Furthermore, the ID's of strangers do not make any sense. I do not know if they are a reference to something, but they are in no way motivating collectibles.As a whole, I do not recommend this game. The first part was very enjoyable and the game could have been a lot more. Nevertheless, because of the unprofessional writing and the rushed game-design towards the end, it is a tedious experience. If you really want to experience the (bad) story, you should rather watch a playthrough."
,Not Recommended,211400,13557249,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Draconify,"Horrible Game,Blatantly obvious that the controls were designed for a console not a pc.While trying to attempt some of the run while being chased and get through collapsing buildings,  it's very obvious that the developer did not put much thought or playtesting into the pc version.All in all starts off good then goes straight to the toilet later on with crappy controls.Donot buy this if you already haven't.  Spend your money on a different zombie game."
76561198132218457,Recommended,211400,10937249,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Deathstroke,LOVE THIS GAME YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,211400,25428158,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SteveQ8,"good indie game for wasting time, i liked it"
76561198035915039,Not Recommended,211400,19202078,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Dragonofyre,"A fun game, but has some really awkward glitches and design decisions. Worth it on sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,24098056,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Psyfe,"Controls are dodgy often unresponsive, some sections are pure trial and error, the writing is terrible, the combat is really bad.Stay clear, this game sucks."
,Not Recommended,211400,23831498,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,vuun²,"havent review yetown this game for years after finish itgreat experience, good game about 7/10 too shortbut this publisher suck♥♥♥♥♥!! hope gaben see thisdevoloper shouldn't play along with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ publisher"
76561198006181011,Not Recommended,211400,18051990,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Erock,"Deadlight was a disapointment. Controls were not tight, which doesnt really matter because you have little to control in the game. Nothing was like a puzzle, just, click this to go here, click again, die because you didnt know what to do and there was no warning or because of weak controls. The story was good, but the gameplay was very weak. I feel like a modder could take this game and make it great, but as it stands I dont reccomend it.  Serious plotholes like guys standing 6 feet away from you who dont see you until you get a little closer, then theyre shooting you asap really got me out of the atmosphere of the game.  The first part made me intrigued, the story was good and I was excited to get some actual gameplay, but sadly, that never really happened. I learned you can also basically get through most of the game without a gun, until the last level."
76561198119251163,Not Recommended,211400,18938388,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,PaqMan3D,"Deadlight is a very middle of the road title. I just finished it after playing it on and off for a year (Steam Shame Pile is real life), and I got around 8.5 hours of gameplay out of it. I unlocked Nightmare Mode after I finished, but the truth is, I don't even think I'll bother to play it again.While the graphics are slick and I appreciate the side-scrolling style, the controls get in the way of your fun on numerous occasions. I lost count of how many times I died because of sticky controls or unclear instructions.Another annoyance was the game crashing repeatedly on Windows 10. This might be fixed in the future, as it worked fine before I upgraded, but it's something to be aware of. I was sometimes in the middle of trying to shoot a zombie and everything would just crash to the desktop. WTF?The story is pretty stupid, as well. Trying to follow it is a giant waste of your time. Just skip all the cut scenes (they are crap anyway) and shoot stuff. That's way more fun.Lastly, the checkpoint system stinks. If you stop playing and come back, you'll get booted back 3-4 checkpoints. It's really frustrating.If you can get past those cons, the game can be pretty enjoyable. I wouldn't buy it unless it was on a Steam sale, though. $14.99 is too much for this considering the much better games available here with more substance and replayablity."
76561197970252549,Not Recommended,211400,12732661,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hyperd,"Horribly bugged, with extreme performance problems. Stay away.Lots of promise, horrible execution"
,Not Recommended,211400,13691080,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,King_Elves,Terrible. Unable to aim with mouse left me stuck at 10% of the game.Has consolitis all over.Uninstalled.
,Not Recommended,211400,24211166,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Waffen,"Classic Microsoft. Take a patch that should have been free and use it as an excuse to re-release the game at full price.People who already own Deadlight gets nothing for their original game, no fixes, no updates, not even a discount for the ""directors cut"" edition.Some companies just don't care much for their customers."
76561198087313362,Recommended,211400,31803477,Posted: 17 May,all,john_ergine,Forgettable.
76561198024945022,Not Recommended,211400,12821465,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jacek,"It's a beutiful, but lousy game. The game starts off great, but becomes just an annoying and infuriating grind. First of all, it's not a game about zombies, or 'shadows', as they are called here - it's a game about button mashing and being exactly in the right spot to perform the desired action. The level of accuracy it requires is just ridiculous. It's not a problem that it's hard - it's a problem that it's so punishing. Also, the level design isn't very good, and the writing is just plain horrible."
,Recommended,211400,1792098,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Very nice. Beautiful graphics. Deep scenery. It has a plot. Game is hard enough but short. 6 Hours to complete, maybe one should wait for the price to drop to 5 euros or so, I don't regret my 10 euros anyway. One of the best zombie atmospheres out there. 85/100"
76561198000046451,Recommended,211400,27537247,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,puffy daddy,"The controls are a bit off, but other than that the game is fantastic. The story is touching and it never gets boring."
76561197967918496,Recommended,211400,295733,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,"Surprisingly good. Its been a long time since I've wanted to finish a game start to finish. XCOM and Dishonored being honorable mentions. I was a bit surprised by this one actually. I had anticipations that it would be a bit to lite or consoley. In fact its a just a great survivor horror. Very well done, and I tend to rarely spend time recommending anything. This would be my 3rd game out of 1400 that I even bothered taking time to recommend. Short, but the price point reflects that. I did have the urge many times  through the game to just start over and  experience key moments. Nice surprise title with little fanfare. Worth your look."
76561198036128045,Recommended,211400,12485298,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kha-Jinn,"I just got Deadlight's last achievement and I think it's time for a good ol' style review.Let's start with what I found positive in this game:The game style and the gameplay are very catching;Nice and dark atmosphere;The amount of details in every level/background is stunning;The story is enjoyable even if a bit too linear;The soundtrack is not the best ever but does its own job perfectly;The diary is a very good idea to make Randall's background deeper;Randall Wayne and Ben Parker's voice acting is very pleasant.What I liked much less:The beginning of the second chapter does a great job to ruin the quite plausible atmosphere of the game and it's plain boring, especially in Nightmare Mode;There aren't real puzzles to solve to continue the story, the game is a bit too linear;Sometimes the game feels quite easy but as I just said, still enjoyable;All the other characters' voice acting is less then mediocre;Splitting the second chapter in two parts would make Nightmare Mode less frustrating, specially because more often the bad controls are going to kill you than a real lack of skill.And now what I totally disliked:Controls are very bad;Some ""bugs"" in the gameplay make it feels like gameplay didn't get the same amount of attention the graphics got (for example if zombies start to run in the water part at the beginning of the first chapter, you have literally no way to survive. It's quite rare but still annoying in Nightmare Mode);There are some annoying glitches, specially in zombies' positioning;Whoever designed Randall thought it was ok to be as nimble as Lara Croft, but turning on yourself has to feel clunky as hell. Seriously, in close combat and in many close situations moving Randall around feels as bad as driving a 18 tons truck with flat tires. Simply awful;If you don't have the XBox 360 gamepad, you are going to have hard time to make other pads work;I don't know if it is only a problem of mine, but I really hated how Randall gets stuck when he has to jump off from every single fence in the game. Many times I died due the latency the game has before to get the command you are literally smashing on your pad from many seconds.What else can I say about this game? I know the dislike list could look too long or discouraging, but the truth is I liked this game and I really enjoyed the gameplay, simple but effective. I sincerely suggest to buy Deadlight to whoever is looking for a good but not too hardcore zombie/adventure game, but after all the technical issues (controls, bugs/glitches, close movements, lack of serious gamepad support) I don't think I'm going to buy another game from Tequila Works unless they fix these aspects.I give 7.0/10 to Deadlight."
,Not Recommended,211400,7972323,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,lateralus_o_negative,"SImply put, the control scheme and jumping mechanics are horrendous. Reminicent of games such as 'flashback' and the origional Prince of Persia, movement is stiff and cumbersome.A shame because the atmosphere and narrative hits all the right notes."
,Not Recommended,211400,20496857,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,SnakeTalon,"I liked the idea of this artistic 2d platformer, but, that's it. This game promises but falls flat. Bad storytelling, bad voice acting, bad script and the worst controls I have encountered since the 90s. The control lag is so bad it alone ruins the game. The puzzles range from pathedic to down-right stupied. Deadlight is so poorly put together I cannot recommend this game even if offered free because even then it would cost the time it would take to play and even 1 minute spent on Deadlight is 1 minute too long. Remember; time cannot be refunded."
,Not Recommended,211400,20339050,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Taylem,"The game itself looks amazing, very well done. But, that cannot save it from some abolsutely horrid gameplay. They setup these jump/grab/duck puzzles as huge roadblocks to continue the story. Dying 10,20,50 times in order to advance to the next scene isn't my idea of fun. There is no method to determine the best course of action in advance. Just die, learn from it and die again and again and again until the clumsy controls work in your favor. I so badly wanted to give this game a better score, but I just cannot in light of these glaring misteps in design. Also, the main protagonist can leap like Spider-man, but gets out of breath swinging an axe 3 or 4 times ... caused more than one eyerolls from me during the game. Is the game worth it? Only when on sale ..."
,Not Recommended,211400,14006345,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,No,"This game is infuriating garbage. You die repeatedly because you can't even see where you are supposed to go or where you are supposed to jump. It's one of those games which is basically designed to make you die almost guaranteed the first time through and then you're supposed to learn from dying if you even can figure it out after dying just once. (not fun, just frustrating)You fail very tight time based death traps TONS of times not helped by the fact that the controls are awful and the character often does the complete opposite of what you want him to do.The voice acting is mediocre and gets very annoying hearing it for the 100th time of reloading the same garbage to try it again."
76561198170376709,Recommended,211400,24698981,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tdcman123,"Platforming. Zombies. Beautifal graphics and cinematics. This game pretty much has all of that. The art style provides a dark and dreary background to an almost hopeless situation as you travel across Seattle (and under it) to try and find your family at a safe point controlled by the military. While some of the puzzle sections had me really agitated at some points and also made me that some parts were a little tedious, I felt that all in all it was an amazing game.You can check out my full playthrough of the game here! Or not, which is fine :).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEMfZmkmVLA"
,Not Recommended,211400,20634729,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Soosh,"I would not reccomend this game to anyone. First of all, I thought it was just me and that maybe I was playing this game wrong, but after reading many other reviews it seems that the controls are indeed delayed at times. So many deaths have been from fighting the controls and not acutal fighting difficulty. It came to the point where I wasn't even interested in the game anymore, I just wanted to finish it and add it to the finish pile and never visit it again, which is always a sad thing to say about a game. The story seems to pick up in the middle of some action and many things are never explained which is OK since the point is focused on Randall Wayne and his story. He is trying to locate his wife and child in the midst of zombie takeover maddness. The game was very short and the story was underwhelming. It is a pretty 2D word, Ill give it that. Overall I left this game feeling dissapointed and kind of peeved that I wasted the time that I did on it. It had potential but IMO, did not deliver."
,Not Recommended,211400,20858662,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,skatan,The controls are bad and a major source for frustration. I regret buying this game.
,Recommended,211400,6336653,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Soiixter,Plizzz make Deadlight 2 Plizzzzzz
76561198000808670,Not Recommended,211400,8295726,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GMRSG. Garushnagoth,"A shell of what I expected.THankfully it's very short but with some poor VA and just being generally not good, I can't recommend it unless it's FREE.Looks alright, some bugs"
,Recommended,211400,8669357,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,jschild,"This is a great little zombie platformer, with a decent story. However, the game is quite short, only 4 hours or so. So I would only really recommend it when it's on sale. Voice acting is somewhat weak, but the Diary entries are nice and the graphics are surprisingly good for such a small title."
76561198045738405,Recommended,211400,8451812,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,mimer,Cheaper and better than Flashback :)
,Recommended,211400,8407058,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,jimbo .TRUMPLOVE.,"In this game there are big kitties and you can become friends a sleep,eat,clean,and live toghether P.S i cant spell for♥♥♥♥♥♥20 out of 4 m4s"
76561197993365981,Recommended,211400,9564068,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,arkbuilder,"The story line is a little unique to the zombie apocalypse genre, but after a full playthrough it feels acceptable.  No surprise for a port from 360 version to be expected; clunky controls even with a 360 controller, cut scenes with missing audio (from what I've read online there is a potential fix).2D platformers aren't my main genre of game that I play, but the puzzles still weren't very challenging.  The difficulty progression seemed to scale alright as the game continued, but again, this won't necessarily require you to have a guide / walkthrough at the ready.The level design was alright, if anything was great, it would be the atmospheric feel of the levels.  There's a sense that while the game is 2D and you're set to go in only one direction, the environment had me wanting to explore beyond the linear concept of 2D platformers.The combat isn't too bad, although using the axe while watching the stamina bar can get repetitive when you're only able to effectively kill them by decapitation (or rarely by chopping an limb off).  The firearm mechanics seem to be okay, at best, there might even be a little too much ammo to find and use for how long the zombie apocalypse has been going on in the story.The 2 things I disliked the most is the rushed scenes at the end with the falling debris; often times debris would fall before you reached the point below it and would one hit kill automatically even from full health. Also while climbing / descending from walls, the clunky controls didn't help either.tl;dr   6.5/10+    unique story+    atmospheric world+/- challenging difficulty+/- about 3 hours gameplay, mainly due to replaying certain areas over- -  expected low quality port (audio not fully functional [cutscenes only], clunky controls)"
76561198072140962,Recommended,211400,9573491,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,KGov,"A good game. Love the aiming and firing--so simple yet very effective. Revolver and shotgun are the only firing weapons available with the axe as your only melee weapon. Not much challenge when it comes to solving puzzles, but they do offer relief for those who are itching for puzzles, albeit simple as they are. Best feature is the running aspect and avoiding zergs of the undead. The story could have been improved as it felt to me it was just quickly written to fill in with the gameplay. Once I had completed Deadlight, I was disappointed with how it concluded. There is no worthwhile reason to replay the game--3.5 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,211400,8716185,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,The Harris,"Zombie games in my opinion have been over done, but this game is one of the rare ones that feels fresh and inventive whilst being very simple and easy to grasp, the controls for the most part work flawlessly and have you feeling great when you're pulling off all the moves and evading enemies and exploring. The story ends rather strangely and abruptly but overall I thought it was a brilliant game and would recommend to anyone. Now to just retry it on nightmare difficulty!"
,Not Recommended,211400,7857176,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,KomradeZero,Not a very good game.
,Recommended,211400,7856823,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Galveraxe,I really enjoyed this game. Very nicely done - I recommend trying it for sure.
76561198044122858,Recommended,211400,7858086,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,☭ cethiN ☭,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing good game.
76561197993675535,Recommended,211400,8739634,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ebe-a51,"Deadlight is a great platformer! Great atmosphere and characters, good pace and the shadows (zombies) pose a good threat that you just cant walk through guns blazing. Your journal, which you rebuild throught the game finding pages, is a good read. But most of all, it is a beautiful looking game. The use of light and dark, the full 3D backgrounds and the contrasts in every scene are superb. Far more enjoyable to play with a controller than a keyboard. DEADLIGHT COMES HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! :)"
,Recommended,211400,10660916,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,megamind,this guy strains his voice too hard like metal snake hope he is fine
,Recommended,211400,10644412,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,brzoza83,good beast
,Recommended,211400,10691703,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Negrodamus,Daaaaaamn platform at its finest!  BUY IT WORTH THE $$$$$
,Recommended,211400,10818593,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DeadlyVenom,It's alright if you can get it for a good price. Warning: It is really really really short.
,Recommended,211400,10852127,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Feminine Husband,"A good, but short post-apocalyptic 2.5 action-adventure platformer. It's a shame it's so short, as it gives you very limited chances to use the various gameplay elements. An example would be the slingshot, it's literally only used in the second Act. But for the 4-6 hours of gameplay you'll get in a single playthrough, you will not be doing nothing. Something is always happening, which keeps the game from getting boring or stale. Which may have been the reason for it's short length.The game looks great, and the atmosphere and effects are also good. Which is another reason I wish it was longer, I want to see more of this world. Another thing I like is how dangerous the shadows are. Your character is no super hero, in the times you don't have a firearm, groups of more than three shadows will be next to impossible to dispatch with the axe. So you must use your wits and the enviroment to trap or kill them. And even when you have a gun to use, your constanly worrying about running out of ammo. The platforming is good as well, as it is your character's one true 'power' so to speak. It's your best weapon and most used tool in Deadlight.The few things I find myself disliking about the game, besides the short length, is the very final section of the game. It is full of glitches that caused me to die more than a couple of times. And the enemy soldiers are for some reason more stupid than the shadows. Even if there's only a few of them, they should have been done better. The story had the potential to be greater than it was, but the game's length probably contributed to it's rushed feeling. As the acting and interactive novel styled cut scenes were well done, even if the writing was a bit off.Overall, I'd give it a 7.75/10. It's a good game that should be played by lovers of games like Limbo, and State of Decay. (Even if State of Decay is kind of meh)"
,Recommended,211400,10909922,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GrimGraveMind,"Just the right length not to bore me, interesting mechanics though"
,Recommended,211400,10921953,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Shady Morais,"I really like the gameplay and the story is good and rich, the graphics are very nice and the landscapes are gorgeous.Sadly this game is a bit heavy on the GPU side, having a 750ti with 40fps on crysis 2, making it only playable at medium settings which look ok.Bought for 2€ so it was worth it"
76561198038324668,Recommended,211400,10936502,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,V1king,"Really nice platformer with action elements like shooting zombies and some easy puzzlesBUT kinda short. After 4,5 hours  playtime its done. Only thing left to do is beat nightmare modeand leaderboards"
76561198056183394,Not Recommended,211400,13051059,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mozpow,"I wouldn't really recommend yourself to go out of your way to buy this game. If it's on sale and you have some extra bones you want to burn, then fine. The movement accuracy on this game is soooo unpredictable, you're not sure how far you'll jump or how you'll move after a movement action, really annoying. But as far as the graphics, gameplay, story, you're not missing anything if you don't get it, but if you do, it'll likely won't leave a lasting impression on you."
,Not Recommended,211400,11690704,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Nairu,"A platformer with bad controls, bad level design, flawed story and a good trailer.It's fun at the begining but it wears out very quickly.Nice try tough."
,Recommended,211400,2874311,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,Mr. Octus,"A really good game, with a more than succesfull port to the PC (from Xbox). The story  is good with a few twist and the platform is fine, some levels can be a really pain.The only complaint is the really bad save points and some of the voice acting. Otherwise very good."
,Recommended,211400,12298828,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,smokin,"It's a fun game with amazing visuals and a great atmosphere. The controls can be clumsy not to mention frustrating at times and the game is short, I finished it in 3.2 hours.Buy it if its on sale for $5 and you wont regret it."
,Recommended,211400,8448899,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CaptainTrips,Well worth the $3 I payed. If it's on sale I recommend you grab it.
,Not Recommended,211400,9118842,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Talief,"Deadlight is one of the most addictive post apocalyptic games i have ever played. However this game is not what i expected, the physics are bad and the overall story telling is beyond dreadful. Yet there is some great fun to be had in deadlight, for example the parkour features and of course running away from zombies trying to eat your flesh. Those features manage to just scrape this game a 5/10."
,Recommended,211400,5983012,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,9/10
76561197979761120,Recommended,211400,7628910,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,XTL5000,Prince of Persia with zombies
,Not Recommended,211400,148279,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,I WROTE A BOOK,Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,211400,31118136,Posted: 13 April,all,Mr. Blue ☒,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game with impossible and fustrating gameplay.  Regretted paying $1 for this pile of trash.
76561197974191072,Recommended,211400,32399507,Posted: 13 June,all,Dozzer,"Not played much of the side scroller zombie game but here are my thoughts.  Quality look ,good voice acting and  fast paced . If you like side scrollers and you have a MS controller this is the one for you, great if you just want to do 20 min.But and here the but  if you do not  have a controller and you are  using a keyboard and mouse  you will die alot . Precision jumps , wall rebounds running rolls ect  it is hard with a key board eg pressing  e to activate w stand up, shift ,d  together to sprint and then  ctrl to duck under a fence in about 3 second is tough so  tough it now getting boring. Another thing is  that zombies are axe proof who would have guessed well some are.  However I will try again as it has something that bring you back .  So worth a try just don't pay a lot ."
76561198009452484,Recommended,211400,32578514,Posted: 19 June,all,Ubhiya,Good storyline.
,Recommended,211400,7298354,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,RadKit,"2D action platforming in a zombie infested world with a bit of a pyschological twist.Short, but sweet, with good graphics and gameplay and a storyline that you'll want to finish.Really wish it had done a lot more with some of its aspects, still a very good game."
,Recommended,211400,6281360,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineFantastic 2D Game, Amazing Graphics, Good Story line and very hard levelsRECOMMENDED :)Also best to play with a controller"
76561198144276036,Recommended,211400,12040545,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,vivraine,"I dig the concept art very much; the heavy contrast of the foreground against the colorful backdrop is atmospherically stunning. It was the game's visuals that got me going, and plus some challenges were enjoyable. I appreciate the still cut scenes and the heavy, scarlet-colored flashbacks the protagonist was having in before and after parkour-a-la-old-geezer runs, and during sentimental migraines. The game provides a casual, entertaining vibe whilst giving the player the whimsical faux adrenaline to run on zombie-infested platform completing one task after another. This is a good ""break"" game for those who just wish to play in between heavy, pumped up, high adrenaline shots of horror gaming."
76561198016390428,Recommended,211400,18977877,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,yep,Fun quick game
,Recommended,211400,19330234,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dragon Ball Supra,"I feel like I have to recommend this game even with its flaws. I really enjoyed it when I first started playing. The story was good, the art and scenery is beautiful, and it even had a few spooky moments I wasn't anticipating. But the game lacks responsiveness during fast paced moments and those precious seconds will get you killed.Cases and points, Big Bird trying to scramble over chain link fences, and the collapsing warehouse deathtrap. Did you roll in too close to the wall and can't jump off of it? You're dead. You nail it and jump up onto the ledge and hammer jump furiously while Randall finishes his diary entry? Oh well. Randall develops fear of heights and won't jump to safety? Save the wait and just reload the last checkpoint.I'm fine if the platforming is hard. Hell thats the allure. But if you're demanding perfection the game needs to be able to deliver. Don't let that dissuade you. You'll get past them. You might die 30 times but you're going to make it. Its frustrating in those few moments but other then that its a great game. The background sounds give it a nice ambience and coupled with the Shadows you'll have a few heart pounding escapes. Again, it looks fantastic. Enjoy the scenery.This might be a bug/glitch, but sometimes my ammo was different from level to level. Tequila Works you owe me 4 shotgun shells. I counted them before that chopper went down. The days of wasting bullets are gone, damnit! Run or shoot if there's any more then 2 shadows because your axe is garbage. The Rat is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Would slingshot/10."
76561198029657329,Recommended,211400,20222358,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,j0k3r306,-Utterly Short-Very addictive-Nuff said
76561197984269843,Recommended,211400,20413928,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jinnantonix,"Without any question, you need to buy this game.I'll say it up front -- I hate side scrollers.  The reason I hate side scrollers:  It's not 1984, my computer isn't a Commodore-64, and I'm not 15 years old.  I had PLENTY of my fill of side scrollers in my day.I took a chance on this one,  This is one of the few games (not just on Steam -- but PERIOD) that I would play full price for.  $14.99 for this game is a bargain.  It has been on Steam for three years and it does not appear dated AT ALL.The graphics are beautiful -- they are so beautiful and realistic that at times I wished I could have explored the environment more.  It didn't bother me that I couldn't interact with stuff like in Half Life 2 (which this game reminded me of).  Sometimes I just wanted to be able to hang around and check out the scenery.But, like all side scrollers, you gotta keep moving.  And so I could see the replay value of this game being very high as you check out various scenes and settings.A negative (which wasn't a tremendous negative for me) was that the plot of the game is pretty cliched.  How original can the plot of a zombie apocalypse be?  In this game, I didn't care so much.  The storyline I'll go back for.  But my OCD tendencies make me want to race through to the end as quickly as I can.Another positive -- there is a lot of content in this game.  This is part of the way I judge games.  When I read a review that says the game is too short, I get wary.  At 3.7 hours played, I can tell you that I am satisfied with the content.Again, as in every game I comment on -- you need to read this through the lens of a casual gamer.  I have a life, a career, a family, and soul-crushing student loan debt.  I need my games to allow me to escape for a while.  This game is one of those that does.If you can even tolerate side scrollers, you are doing yourself a tremendous disservice by not playing this game.  Would purchase again, no questions asked."
,Recommended,211400,14111930,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,Bend over and get ready for some butthurt!
,Recommended,211400,18927724,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BJoverkill,"Cool game. Some of the challenging bits can feel hard and repetitve though.I was really into it, but there was a bit with ""The Rat Man"" and for some reason that level just bothered me and I got annoyed with it and lost interest. But before that it was really cool. More of a personal thing I think.The game is well thought out and put together so I do still reccomend it. I would say it's worth $7.Wish they did AUD $ on Steam cause I would have said $10. Oh well.OH YEAH. Your Axe won't kill zombies it just knocks them down. That's stupid!"
,Not Recommended,211400,28272622,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,COinOPtranSplant,"The game is a hot buggy mess, glad it was on sale because full price to redownload patces in order for it to work is not my idea of a decent product. You will be spending more time on forums reading about glitch fixes than actually playing this thing."
76561198073222349,Not Recommended,211400,23353870,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,BulkColonizer,"It's an entertaining story and a great creepy atmosphere, but there are too many unredeemable gameplay elements. The controls are terrible and objects you are meant to interact with (doors, crates, etc) are often unresponsive, especially when you're trying to escape through a door or seal a window from incoming zombies. I like that the zombies are very difficult to kill, which forces you to seek alternative strategies, but there are a few levels where you simply cannot go another way or trick and avoid them (beginning of The Human Flow, for example). The fact that it takes 2/3 of your stamina bar to kill a single zombie (two power attacks) is a bit ridiculous. Last, there are the broken elements of the game. Pausing has crashed my game about a dozen times now and I'm pretty tired of it. Also the game only plays sound about 50% of the times I launch it. I also have had a few instances when zombies clip through closed doors and are not affected by swinging my axe, but they can still take a bite out of me."
,Not Recommended,211400,28314558,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,david price,"If you're looking for a platformer, sidescroller, or puzzle game. Try something else that does it better:LimboBraidOri and the Blind ForestInsideRayman LegendsAll of these games execute the concepts this game was trying to use much better. This game's story, visuals, voice acting, and controls are all terrible. Don't believe the hype circling around here on steam reviews. If you have played and enjoyed all of the games I mentioned above, then it is possible you will enjoy this game. Otherwise, you're better off playing subway surfer because it is atleast responsive.Metacritic's collective review is much more accurate than the hype here.Very dissappointed in how poorly executed this sidescroller platformer is. People who will enjoy this game: die-hard sideshooter fans."
76561198077641140,Not Recommended,211400,29124490,Posted: 8 January,all,G3,"Boring in about every aspect. An amazingly lazy story that has been seen dozens of times before. The gameplay could have been far more interesting, either amp up the combat aspect or the stealth aspect. Give us a chance to either fight off hundreds of zombies or allow us to figure out puzzles and use the environment to bypass or disable them. What we got instead was a repetitive game where when dealing with zombies you shove or swing an axe at them. Or to get around them you push a table or bookcase and climb on top. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,211400,23015032,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SBrider91,Very flustrating at some parts! Small amount of hints at some places.You must repeat long parts after new launch of game.
,Recommended,211400,23111516,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,sbarnut,สนุกมากครับเกมส์นี้ใครชื่นชอบเกมส์ Action เอาตัวรอดอย่าพลาดเลยดูวีดีโอรีวิว deadlight ภาษาไทยเพื่อประกอบการตัดสินใจได้ที่นี่ครับhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACN5Rbu-oW8&index=1&list=PLPB8EJ0Owg4Oi2XCk8Hb158rtnMz_Y_GZ
76561198054307153,Not Recommended,211400,11592394,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,kreft,"pro- a lot of atmosphere- great graphics, soundtrack and voice actingcontra- the botched controller support renders this game unenjoyable"
76561198065602861,Not Recommended,211400,28662682,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RowLow,very short game finished it in a few hours
76561198012450861,Not Recommended,211400,28019072,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BEAVERCATsbro,"i would type out why its not worth playing the full game, but others have already done it for me. there are better games to spend your 2 hours on."
,Recommended,211400,26891675,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Burito Waymingway,10/10 would kill the light again
76561198081243414,Recommended,211400,14542143,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,love_@rrow,[jhjif buhf c bynthcysv c.;tnjv b 2d utqvgkttv
,Recommended,211400,8656789,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Iceman_Jr,Its a pretty good game
76561198025623247,Recommended,211400,3651857,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,ScaReCrow,Length is disappointing but definately a must buy for $10 or less. A New take to the zombie genre. Hopefully other companies are influenced by this game and improve upon its mechanics and ideas.
76561198049946694,Recommended,211400,13183394,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,jasonb8419,"Really a fun game! I just got it because it was on sale and so cheap. But I have to say i was very surprised at howmuch fun and addictive it is. I would deff use a 360 controller to ply tho, i think it would be pretty tirying with a keyboard. I would deff recommend this game for any price under $15 I find myself playing it more and more over my much more expensive games  .  easy to play if you have 15 min or 2 hours........."
,Recommended,211400,20384004,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jinny Fno,nice gameplay :)
,Not Recommended,211400,20953438,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trickyni,Emo fight zombos sim 20XX. are you still edgy McEdgster
,Not Recommended,211400,15576533,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Slow,why is it so difficult to be creative and also make a good video game that doesn't suffer from twelve hundred glitches and really cringe-inducingly bad writing and voice acting
,Not Recommended,211400,13615044,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Yeti,ABSOLUTELY TURRABLE :(
76561198029015946,Recommended,211400,9719680,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Red-Rog,urm not sure on this one if its on sale for a fiver or less grab it
76561198066720179,Recommended,211400,7780003,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,bbwolfbuyer,"This game is fantastic! Proof that good story telling, and clever gameplay win evertime!! The only issue i have is there's no more to play!!!"
,Recommended,211400,9840473,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Pr0cyon,damn beautiful.
76561197986693359,Not Recommended,211400,14586465,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Slick,"They should have just called it RAGEQUIT.Beautiful but infuriating. Every puzzle has exactly one solution and, all too often, that solution is completely non-obvious only discernable after many many frustrating minutes of trial and error.Also, why is it that no one in zombie games ever calls the zombies ""zombies""? Look at them, they are ZOMBIES. Why call them ""shadows""?I think the dialog was written by a twelve year old with a traumatic brain injury."
,Recommended,211400,14001203,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,s7n7a7k7e,Absolute work of art. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,211400,14008488,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,AshenOne,Very good game! I could not believe that this style can be such fun.One problem is that it is too short.
,Recommended,211400,10726744,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,XYZ,"+ Easy puzzles, but you need perfect timing+ Looks awesome- Some animations can't be stopped on time to hit the zombie that's trying to bite you"
76561198048726362,Recommended,211400,10775555,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Organised Anarchist,"A great art style, really simplistic but stands out. Engaging gameplay with enough challenging sections to keep me interested."
76561198104043157,Recommended,211400,16374230,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,WASABI,sweet
,Recommended,211400,555175,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,Imdur,"Deadlight is one of those games that feels like a marriage of the old and new. The old being the Prince Of Persia (Pre-Sands of Time) running, climbing and jumping around in a 2d environment. While the ""new"" part, is the kind of story that's being  told and partly the melee/gunplay elements.If there's anything disappointing about Deadlight, it's the length of the game. I had no problem playing through, from beginning to finish, within a little over 4 hours of play. So, longevity, it ain't got! I also thought the story kind of ended abruptly. And the ""Nightmare mode"" that gets unlocked on completion of the game doesn't make me want to re-play it.On the other hand, there are extras to look through, e.g. artwork, behind the scenes videos, etc. that will be nice to view. Still, I got it in a sale for cheap, and I throroughly enjoyed the game. It's a beautiful looking game with a horror backdrop and the gameplay felt almost, 'just right.' However, it has slight ""jump when I don't want to"" issues along with some slightly iffy voice acting. But again, the rest of the game raises it above these minor issues.Overall, I'd buy it again. A great experience and a lot of fun to play through. But, that said, the full price is not worth it. With just over 4 hours of play, it's not enough at that price. Get it at a fiver or less and you'll be pleased."
,Recommended,211400,10744085,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rokkon Shojo,I absolutely love this game :)
,Recommended,211400,718569,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,2dgamemania,"Easy to get into, nice old style platform with cool graphics"
,Recommended,211400,6959773,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,ArononymouS,3 1/2 hours of sidescrolling zombie slaying and puzzle solving. nicely made and has an interesting look and feel.
,Not Recommended,211400,21299016,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ganesys,The control of the character is very awkward and there are many bug that will jeopardize the gaming experience. And the ending is really speechless and lame...
,Not Recommended,211400,20227718,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,firelynx,"Poor PC port of a console game. Difficulty is set knee high to acustom console gamers. Lots of visual razzle dazzle to make console gamers go ""woo"".This game is basically Prince of Persia 2 with zombies and without the swordfighting (the best part of Prince of Persia 2 if you ask me). It starts out fairly decent, and I wish I could say more than that, but because of a bug in the controls which people have reported on since 2012 in the steam forums, I could not get further than the 45 minutes I spent. Aiming the gun does not work. One would think they would spend a tiny bit of effort the last 3 years solving a bug that blocks people from playing the game, but I guess Microsoft ran out of money, or ducks to give.If you're a console peasant who never played Prince of Persia, buy this game, you will like it.If you played Prince of Persia, or if you have a PC, or if you expect something new. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,211400,9046131,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,MATRIX_X,Has a really different style of popular zombie games.
76561198112581891,Recommended,211400,18044617,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Hioco,"This Game is really enjoyable but there are quite a few flaws you have to be able to overlook. Overall Deadlight is (just looking on the gameplay) a 2D sidescrolling platformer set in an post apocalyptic zombie infestet Seattle in '86. The absolute best things about this game are its graphic design and sound which both together build a fantastic atmosphere giving you a very good opportunity to dive into this game (play in darkness with no other light).There cons of this game are mainly its repetive gameplay and really not very challenging levels. Even though you will probably die a lot because there are many parts where you simply have to get through by trial and error, which is quite disappointing. The few puzzles in the game are not very challenging as well.Mainly recommended for players who seek a different aproach in platforming games. Deadlight really stands out in atmosphere and design and therefore its worth a look, even though it has some gameplay flaws."
76561197993679220,Not Recommended,211400,22870937,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Thor's Throbbing Hammer,"Boy, I really want to recommend this game.The atmosphere and deisgn are great.  The feel and animation will remind you of OUt of this World or the original Prince of Persia.And therein lies the biggest problem.  Many, many times in this game you are being chased by things (lets say a helicopter gunship that is strafing rooftops) and the controls demand precision on par with Meat Boy or Mario.  Except the same stick that makes my character climb a fence also makes him climb back down the fence, with seeming randomness.  So I am now utterly stuck trying to flee a helicoptor because, every single time, my character gets hung up on the fence.I know it's not my controller or my control.  We just beat Broforce yesterday.  It's just really♥♥♥♥♥♥game design.  You can either have your neat, animated character with cool movements or you can have a precision platformer.  Not both.I guess, I grudgingly recommend this game bacause it is pretty excellent.  Although, keep in mind, it is incredibly frustrating and NOT because of the difficulty, but the worst game sin of all:♥♥♥♥♥♥poor player control.Nevermind.  Done with this game.  After finally, through sheer randomness of the character actually responding to input in climbing over a fence, I made it past the first part of this endless helicopter chase (the helicoper screams the same two sentences at you constantly) only to get trapped in an endless loop inside an office building.I think my favorite part is that 'dodging' (because with controls this impercise can you really dodge anything?) the helicopter's shots doesn't work.  The light kills you.  Before the bullets even start firing the light auto kills you.  Great design.All to save a kid I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about, to deliver him back to his Rat father who runs a magical trap kindgom in the twenty story tall sewers under Seattle that surely exists in this 'realistic' game.I really, really wanted to like this game.  But the Rat trapathon took me right out of it (why not go from an interesting city scape to a game of Mouse Trap with the worst jumping controls you've ever seen?) and now this endless insta-kill helicopter forcing me to replay sections more than a dozen times to get the Meat Boy style timing just right, fighting with the controls the entire time.Done. With. This. Game.What a waste of concept and design."
76561198055921570,Recommended,211400,22201229,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Gimpel,"Zombie-Fan hin oder her, dass ist ein Spiel für jeden Erwachsenen der noch gerne Jump'n'Runs spielt. Eine dichte, gefühlvolle Story die angenehm dunkel inszeniert wird. Einziges manko sind ein paar glitches und eine teilweise etwas träge Steuerung, welche den Spielspaß allerdings kaum mindert. Ich hoffe, dass ein weiteres solches Spiel herauskommt, damit ich noch ein Jump'n'Run genießen kann."
,Recommended,211400,13627688,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Baphomet,The game mechanics immediately reminded me of oddworld except with guns and zombies. Overall pretty easy and the puzzles aren't exceptionally difficult to figure out. Really cringeworthy dialogue.
,Recommended,211400,28315169,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,m6ko,"In this side scroller puzzle action survival game you play as a broken man in an apocolyptic zombie infested aftermath searching for your family. The game has its way of pulling you in through the frustration of retrys, the sound and music, the small bits of story and cutscene, pushed me to finish this game and I honestly enjoyed it.It forced me to look up tutorials a couple times, foced me to rage quit a couple times, but in the end it gave me feels.I would play it again.Definitely worth whatever price it is."
76561198065104803,Not Recommended,211400,28603909,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,WickedRichy,The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controles made me quit.
,Not Recommended,211400,16898080,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Vux,"This is quite possible the most frustrating game I have ever played in my entire life. And I have been playing video games since the original Nintendo. The gameplay design is absolutely atrocious.In any modern game, when there is only a single important object that can be activated by the player, it is usually either highlighted with a bright outline or a button prompt appears for the button that should be used. Deadlight does this... But only when it feels like it. It is very inconsistent as there are many, MANY times where I VERY clearly noticed that this was not the case. There is often zero clue on what needs to be done and I guarantee many people will get stuck. Because I have been playing video games for decades, I could often figure it out. But I admit that there were a few times where the solution was so completely non-obvious that I had to look it up. And when I found out the solution, I cursed out loud at how idiotic of a game design decision that was.The unfortunate thing about this is that it leads to you dying over and over and over and over again. If you enjoy dying repeatedly and re-doing sections of levels ad nauseam, then this is the game for you! If not, you will find this game incredibly frustrating like I did.The problem is that often deaths are NOT your fault. It's not like Dark Souls where you die because of lack of skill or mastery. In this game you die because the designers simply want you to die and re-do the level.- For example, there is one level where you are being chased by a helicopter and you are running away. All of a sudden, you trip over some boxes, fall to the ground and get shot by the helicopter. Those boxes weren't highlighted, and they look EXACTLY like any other stack of boxes in the entire game. The NINETY-NINE other times in the game the stack of boxes was in the background and you ran right past them, but only THIS time the designers decided that you would indeed trip and die. Since they're not highlighted, you would have no idea whatsoever to jump over them the first time you play this level. So you die and have to replay the past 5 minutes since the last checkpoint.- Another example is when you are following a certain character and being chased. They crawl through a hole in a fence and keep going. So you crouch, but you can't go through the hole in the fence. You die and have no idea why. So you re-play from the checkpoint and die again. This time you notice that you were shot. But from where?? You re-play from the checkpoint and notice that you were indeed shot from NOWHERE. There is no enemy. You literally get shot and the bullet appeared out of thin air. WHAT THE F??? After looking it up, you realize that you have to climb OVER the fence. Why can the other character crawl through the hole in the fence, but you cannot? WHAT THE F??? Why???These are just two examples. Multiply this DOZENS of times and you start to see why this game is incredibly frustrating.Not only that, but the controls are sluggish and horribly tuned:- Very often you need to climb a fence and then swap to the other side. Pressing right to swap to the other side for some unknown reason sometimes swaps you to the right side and BACK to the left side. What??? And then you die of course because you're being chased by something.- Or sometimes you need to climb over a fence and drop off of it. But there is some sort of delay that you cannot simply climb over and drop off. The game makes you wait a second or two while you mash the drop button, but it's too late. So of course, you die once again and have to replay the past 5 minutes.- Or the game makes it so you have to time your jump PERFECTLY at the last centimeter before the end of a platform. Otherwise you die and have to replay the section again.- Or you run, jump, double-jump, wall hang, etc all perfectly and are proud of your having gotten through it. But the building is crumbling so even though you think you're safe, you get crushed by concrete, die, and have to repeat it all.- Or sometimes you run and jump past zombies on the screen. Sometimes you do the exact same thing and the zombies are like an impenetrable wall. Of course you die.- Or you're running to the right (hold Shift and D) and have to jump and climb often (W and Space). Put your fingers on these buttons. Or imagine doing so on a keyboard. Now, you also have to crouch quickly to roll through a fence hole (press Ctrl). Try pressing Ctrl while also pressing all the other buttons on one hand. It's very awkward, and almost impossible to get perfectly in the heat of battle like the game expects you to. I had to move my right hand under my left hand to reach Ctrl. And of course, needless to say, getting it right meant a lot of deaths.The story itself is too sparse to be worthwhile. The story is basically just to find your family, but the story sequences are about 1% of the game with the other 99% of it being frustrating gameplay as described above. When I got to the end all I thought was, ""That's it???"" Moronic beyond belief. The only reason I finished the game was so I could delete it without having the game staring at me in my Steam backlog. Now I can get rid of it forever and never have to see it again.If you dislike frustrating gameplay, I GUARANTEE you will be better off having skipped this game."
76561197960410741,Recommended,211400,10550493,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,psychomike,"was in the mood for a platformer and this fit the bill.the good - graphics and voice over are very strong. good moody atmospherethe bad - controls feel wierd and misplaced on the controller, but I was able to get used to them. a bit buggy interacting with objects in the environment -- especially bad when quick movements are crucial to staying alive. The game is very trial and error when facing end game content. Thank god for checkpoints.if you can get it cheap, worth trying out. the game is only about 4-5 hours at most."
,Not Recommended,211400,11735422,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,JMCtime,"Generic sidescroller, platform, puzzle game with a zombie theme. The storyline is pretty underwhelming and the acting ranges from passable to awful. A lot of other reviewers complained about the controls but I didn't have too many issues with them. The only major plus I can give this is the graphics and atmosphere of the game were excellent. That wasn't enough to make it good game though. Not awful but could've been a lot better."
76561197993848840,Recommended,211400,9094790,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rachsmo,"Different, good game to play on a raining day."
,Recommended,211400,28267144,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Absolut_LaX,"This game has a very ""retro NES / SNES"" type of vibe to it which is great!! Combine all those elements with the feel of few of the modern indie titles (Limbo is the main one that comes to mind) throw in some guns & fighting mechanics and it makes for one amazingly beautiful game. Probably the best part of this entire game is the artwork done in the backdrop - I actually found myself almost dying to a hoard of zombies multiple times because I was stopping to admire what was going on in the background. The enviornment surrounding the main character can be described as ""alive"" and the devs did a great job immersing you into a living hectic world.Cons: The controls, shooting, and fighting mechanics can be a little clunky and maybe even a bit frustrating at times (but to be fair, this game isn't really designed for you to stand toe to toe and fight - the purpose is to run, think, solve puzzles, and survive.)- This game can be punishing at times, you may die multiple times before you learn how to properly clear an area. (You may also die do to the lack of responsive controls here and there as well, although it's not overwhelming as many of the reviews on here state)- The last con is the length of the game - My playthrough took 3 hours to complete (considering I purchased this game at $2.99, that's a great amount of value for me!! - but I can see why some people may feel wary about purchasing it for the $15 price point.Personally, I  would 100% recommend this game if you're a fan of Indie games, Retro Oldschool style side scrollers, and of course Zombie games!! In my opinion, the Pro's greatly outweight the cons when it comes to reviewing this game..Deadlight has a story that is very well written and will leave you wanting more!"
,Not Recommended,211400,16686380,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mamumimi,"Pros:+Nice graphics for a platformer. Very pretty.Cons:-Lousy voice acting, like the dev team picked their VA team from Newgrounds... Do the names Druox or AngryDog ring any bells?-Short and disappointing story-Non-flowing animations. A real disappointment for a game whose main selling point is its graphics.-Unintuitive combat system that encourages players to hurry rather than explore and appreciate.-Incredibly aggrivating deathtrap sequences, such as the rat's labarynth and Safe Point entrance-Autosave system re-plays any dialogue spoken between autosave and death; more of an annoyance than a gameplay flawOverall:This game reminded me how much I hate platformers. Just because you're in the genre doesn't mean you need to adopt all of the gameplay tropes that come with it. The game features a decent graphical engine and talent in that sector, but disappoints in almost every other regard. Some sequences are deliberately designed so that you cannot survive your first time going through them - which put an extremely sour taste in my mouth for the rest of the game."
76561198091301283,Recommended,211400,13650985,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ajccarlson,
76561198028325739,Recommended,211400,3867688,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,P1,Another underrated game. Outstanding visuals and gameplay.
76561197982426131,Not Recommended,211400,8590975,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lucifer,2D Alan Wake sh*t
,Recommended,211400,6196210,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,✠Winchester✠,"10/10, easily one of the best games I've ever bought.It is very short yet charming with a gripping story, and a well executed sidescroller, along with being relatively cheap."
76561198061626407,Not Recommended,211400,21241657,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Noserraf,"Lousy physics and storyline, bad acting, way to simple dialog, not challenging nor immersive as it may look.This is definitely a waste of time and money."
76561198298175581,Recommended,211400,26107562,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Rundas (Dasher),A funny game. I approve.
76561198115631990,Recommended,211400,21697193,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,luciozorte,Very nice and immersive.Really well made.Could be longer.
,Recommended,211400,16375237,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Plump4Trump,Great platformer. Just stick it in yo' Genesis!
76561198019193223,Recommended,211400,14719694,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Galadhatan,"This game is hard to recommend. It looks great, the animation is solid, the backgrounds are impressive. The platforming is fine: the early reviews about the Rat's maze does not seem to be as bad a problem anymore (and they don't mentioned the third act, so I wonder if this has been updated since then?)Some serious glitches, though. The controller is not customizable, and by default my up was down and vice-versa. I finished anyway, but it caused many more deaths than were deserved. Cutscenes occasionally had no sound (not sure if it made it better or worse, to be honest): and the cutscenes themselves were quite bad. Voice acting wasn't good (""KILL ME!""), and the narrative could have been developed much better. The game hung on hitting pause frequently.Overall, an unfinished game, I'd say. Serious glitches made it hard to succeed, but boy, it sure does look good.6/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,28474707,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,IS THAT A DEAD BODY?,Bad game 3/10 great story but bad game
76561198006642638,Not Recommended,211400,7938218,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Commander Greyscale,"This game is zombait to zombiefans, It's increadibly boring. If you're in for a linear side scrolling story telling game it fills that fix. f you wanted a game with decent combat or zombie survival. It's not for you. It's easy simplistic and honestly the most boring game I played in 2013. Perhaps it got better but, if you're not enjoying the first hour usally its a sign."
,Recommended,211400,961036,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Merry,Limbo with sooting and zombies.
,Not Recommended,211400,14037921,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,benderpoa,"Seeing videos and images from the game my expectation was to play a game like ""Mark of the Ninja"" with the visuals of ""Child of Light"". Didn't happen...Controls are awful if you're using a keyboard.If you weren't forced to use the mouse maybe it'd be better.As it is, there are too many buttons for just one hand.From what I read in other reviews, using a controller doesn't improve it much...Visually the game is stunning, but that's the only good thing I have to say about it...As for the story... I usually read a lot of journals, books and this kind of stuff in games, but this game failed to make me get interested in it.Moving the character around felt like such a burden and was really stressful.I'm definitely giving up this game for good."
76561198019025778,Not Recommended,211400,15042315,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,CSharpCoder,"A lot of the game is fun, but the controls are horrible and the timing requirements for a lot of it is just too tight making some of the game nearly impossible.  The bad controls result in your character not doing what you want him to, often during time critical missoins.  On top of that, the game is buggy.  Sound ususally stops during cutscenes.  The puzzles are all pretty easy.  I only had to think about a couple.  If you want your fill of Zombie Apocolypse and puzzle games, there are a lot better places to look."
76561198119121757,Not Recommended,211400,33997601,Posted: 3 August,all,ealt1999b[fin],Just incredibly frustrating
,Not Recommended,211400,33787626,Posted: 25 July,all,Demon9ne,"This game is a solid 5/10. I completed it, but I wanted it to be over after 1/3rd of a playthrough.Gameplay is nothing terribly innovative and is ruined by very rigid movement. 90% of my deaths occurred due to jumping the wrong way, or crouching when I wanted to roll, using the same button, and then getting crushed by debris, etc. Annoyingly, zombies took hit after hit after hit with a fire axe to put down (and often, more just showed up right away). The story was mediocre (for instance, we learn that zombies are scary, but humans are still scarier; like in every zombie story)--and the dialogue is marred by poor translation. (I'm guessing that, because the conversations were awful.) The only real place this game shined was in its art and music, which were both excellent. That said, you might pick this up on sale, or pass altogether."
76561198044424267,Not Recommended,211400,11101728,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Darth Gamerous,+ Great atmosphere+Good sound design-The middle of the three acts is boring-The ending is pathetic-The voice acting is weakThis game could have been a lot better than it turned out. I blame the writers and whoever cast or directed the voice actors. Can't really recommend it.
,Not Recommended,211400,24809692,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,D.Morok,"Very frustrating game.First its controls and combat system.Next game logic and triggers.I dropped this game 3 times, because of gord damn random triggers like falling walls on your head, stupid zombies,unlogical and nonintuitive steps ingame.And Story... its so predictable.Collectibles in the game that no one reads..."
,Not Recommended,211400,16574111,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Arbies,In this game you move Solid Snake from point here to point over there and avoid the darkies while falling through level geometry.
76561198039937846,Recommended,211400,12819340,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Saddam Did Nothing Wrong,Voice acting isnt the best but it has some fun gameplay and cool style to it.
,Recommended,211400,12874573,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Lgg3k,+1
,Not Recommended,211400,13787599,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lerppa Kulli,"nah.. not my kind of game. but i bought it, so i played it!"
,Recommended,211400,20248009,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,westham88,"For all you ♥♥♥♥tards whining about controls and all the cry-baby crap stuff this is an excellent game and for the price dont believe what you see.  Think of it this way. For 5 bucks you can have fun from home for hours or for $750 bucks you can get a hooker and we all know as gamers you'll last 15 seconds, so do the math!!!"
,Recommended,211400,21140543,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Poprin,"Deadlight is a side-scrolling 2D platformer with really great atmospheric graphics and art style. I found the game a joy to play with straight forward controls and an emphasis on getting away rather than fighting the 'shadows'. I like the game has a continuous monologue narrative and a cohesive story and each act has a distinct setting. Lots of puzzles to solve but nothing too frustrating that will have you reaching for google.I think it is worth its face value as the game is so well put together but it does only hold between 10-15 hours of gameplay if you go for all the collectables. So this may put people off at full price, however in a sale it's a no brainer.One issue I have with this game. On my 860k with an NVidia card I have no issues. Using my HTPC with an A10-7800 using the on-board R7 the game crashes intermittently. The game runs no problem at 30+ FPS but keeps crashing which was a bit disappointing because this is a perfect lounge TV and controller game."
,Not Recommended,211400,31690744,Posted: 11 May,all,silverionmox,"Positive: Atmosphere, graphic styleNegative: No real choices to be madeDamning: The game almost randomly refuses to accept some keys or key combinations for basic actions (interact/running jump), even when it accepted them before! Given that most of the game is about acquiring the skill to use the right keys on the right moment (or get eaten by zombies), this is unforgivable.Verdict: The risk of frustrating, unplayable bugs is not worth the rest of the game"
76561198125673861,Recommended,211400,26739134,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Federski,"Ya its good, for sure -oh heck ya its good, no doubt. Ya i mean..."
76561197970078168,Recommended,211400,378640,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,hermetico,"A platformer game in a walking dead environment.Controls are a bit lazzy and not very responsive, what makes it a bit difficult to handle.BUT, this game remembers be one of the most loved games of the past: FLASHBACK. If you liked Flashback, you will probably love this game.A few of puzzle, a few of shooter, a few of... everything and nothing is special.For its price, highle recommended."
,Not Recommended,211400,14093635,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vampaerr,"When I first started playing this game I thought it was really cool, the ambience, the music, the graphics, everything seemed so interesting... but after finishing Chapter I, everything went downhill. The controls are very unresponsive and it can be very tedious and annoying to go through the rest of the game. And if you are a completionist, the game has steam achievements, but there is one in particular very impossible to achieve. Finish the game in ""Nightmare mode"". Yes, good luck trying to beat the game without dying. Sorry but I have to thumbs down this one."
76561197972443320,Recommended,211400,15758500,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TheOrbbro,"Stunning graphics.  Dark and emotional story.  While the gameplay is basically trying to find out the order of things to get out, the game keeps it interesting by being impatient.  Make your decision otherwise the zombies are comin' in!  I got really frustrated with this game at times trying to figure things out, but I kept comin' back.  Well done Devs."
,Recommended,211400,1197208,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Shatilov,I never expected it to be such a Game !!!
,Not Recommended,211400,8431668,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"I don't like the voice acting. And the control feels rather weird. It looks great, but I will not recommend this game for the 15 dollars price to be honest, so get it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,211400,9259805,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Clone303,"will i only use 3 hours to get the game done but still really dam good Story and it looks awesome and in this game it's not Zombies it's Shadows and if you dont have to fight Shadows you need dont want to for you die really fast, and when you load your weapon you need to load every bullet in it one by one but it can be done fast if you are fast and axe will yea works but just not a good weapon you can kill 2 or 3 Shadows wtih, and you are done if there are more Shadows so hard game but really fun"
76561197971052470,Recommended,211400,12572486,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Basch,"Absolutely amazing game. Sure, the controls are clumsy at times, but that's the only down side. The story, graphics and music are absolutely fantastic. I bought it in a sale, but if I knew it were this good, I would have bought it for the full price."
76561198065900772,Recommended,211400,12573094,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,PAYNE,"Deadlight is a really fun game and challenging in some areas. Pretty cool artwork also. Only wish it had a some more hours in it. Definitely worth the buy though! Really was hesitant since it was 2D, but this game certainly opened my eyes to the possiblities. Wonder what the game would play like with a controller as the keyboard commands can be frustrating. Especially if you need to sprint and roll. I might have beaten the game a little quicker had I know that I could of used more ammo...I guess I thought I would of continuously needed more for something that was up ahead. Therefore, dont be afraid of wasting lead! This game or games like this seem like they could have more development or maybe I have just not discovered those other games yet."
76561197970485811,Recommended,211400,12573857,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,obi,"One of the nicest looking and atmospheric titles I've played recently. A great style of gameplay (albeit sometimes a bit too unforgiving) with visceral, desperate melee action and a sense of the bigger picture through large scale 3D backgrounds. Beautiful colour and depth cueing throughout rounds off a solid title."
,Recommended,211400,25812059,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,aalpontes,Really cool game.
76561198212341699,Recommended,211400,25619922,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,POOLSHARK,This gloomy contrast stricken game pushes you along a narative that is somewhat addictive if you enjoy the zombie survival genre. It picks parts from various adaptations from film series  and movies to create a dark bleak world that becomes  believable as you progress. Say what you want but the visuals are iconic to any piece to the zombie stories. You wont see massive explosions and brightly coloured rainforests but thats not the games direction. The side scrolling action which combines an element of hack and slash with survival makes you think quick as there are some areas that require you to figure out a puzzle which holds you back before entering a new section of the game.Narative is another huge part to the zombie genre and this game jst about hits it at times. There are moments where you are left a bit speechless not because there was so much to take in the cut scene but rather the opposite where nothing gets said at all.A great bargain buy if your looking for something that isnt too serious in its approach but still delivers a tiny taste of a zombie experience
76561198138108479,Recommended,211400,25598469,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Duke☠ fahk☠ N wAynE,ok not big on writing reveiws or playing these type games but played 20 minutes and WOW the graphics alone r amazing so glad my brother remembered my birthday normally i dont like this type of game but i can see myself playin this one start to finish anytime i dont have to work and have 10 minutes to myself if your lookin for a game just to get away from it all even just for a couple minutes or something just to break up your favorite game that got a lil stale this is what your lookin for the devs here did a amazing job i hope to see more for this game or more like itthanks devs i didnt have to think of real life for awhile and games are supposed to do that i apreciate it
76561198000237795,Recommended,211400,25870600,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,kyvitti84,very good style and story
76561198083818227,Not Recommended,211400,34739006,Posted: 4 September,all,blue--ink,This game has sat on my desktop waiting to be played for ages. Just a shame that when I came to play it the sound in the cutscenes is bugged and won't play.Been though all the bug fixes that I can find (some of which didn't fix the problem but caused other elsewhere) but nothing has worked. Also when I put the game on for the first time it said on the level selection screen that I had 1:39:58 played and at the time of writing this review I only have 1.1 hours accdording to Steam so make of that what you will.So disapointed as from what I've seen if the game works corretly it's fantastic but the cutscene thing has cost me a good hour in trying to fix it and from what I've been told there isn't much more than a few hours to the game anyway. As a result I can't recomend this but I'll be keeping an eye on it to see if there is a update that fixes some of the bugs. On a game this old I doubt I'll be seeing anything though.
,Recommended,211400,19455778,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,YouTube/Murfbard,Cool story and simple but interesting gameplay kept me hooked to completion.  Worthy of your money.
76561198084080720,Recommended,211400,33239396,Posted: 4 July,all,Tallahass,"Bom o jogo é sem duvida otimo, as quests são bem legais e pensadas, jogo tem uma historia que vai se desenrolando ao passar do tempo, vale a pena esperimentar, graficos muito bons para um jogo 2d!Contras? Sim existe alguns bem irritantes, meu deus!!! vamo ve- se prepare para morrer milhares de vezes, se tratando de um jogo onde não existe tempo, literalmente não existe tempo pra pensar, voce acaba cometendo erros que levam a morte, mas so jogando pra saber.- outro problema é a escalada, não é um bug mas é algo que deveria ser corrigido, no momento que voce escala e quer ir para um lado ou outro e personagem fica trocando automaticamente a posição isso atrapalha demais (65%das mortes) porque como eu disse não a tempo para esperar o personagem tenque se movimentar em alguns casos senão morre.- o resto tudo otimo dou nota 8/10 so nao foi 10 por causa da quantidade de mortes isso irrita de mais as vezes precisa de umas 10 a 14 tentativas"
,Not Recommended,211400,28358297,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ЯeÐ ĄnimaŁ ШaЯ,"I actually want to give this a neutral rating but steam does not have that so I pick not recommended to balance out the lots of overly positice reviews a bit for the following reasons.Game mechanics when in comes to running and jumping are like classic prince of persia. Not at all snappy but it takes time to get speed and the movements take some time untill they accour on the screen (it actually needs to be like that or it would be to easy but having played ori and the blind forrest b4 it not felt so good). I played this with gamepad and still found it pretty hard.The good:1. Nice graphics and art style, really liked that.2. Nice atmosphere at times.3. Nice mini riddles, that sometime are rewarding, but later become more routine.The bad:1. Concept if the game is nice but if you look at it very simple.2. Many scenes where you actually do not get what kills you just by looking at it, trap triggers light ...3. It happens very often that you run away from the zombies into a new screen and instandly die because it happens so fast that you toughts are still with the zombies you ran that you just run into the next death.4. SUPER ANNOYING way to less checkpionts that result in you having to do entire sequences over and over again when you die. I think if you actually quit the game and resume later it puts you even further back then the checkpionts in the game.5. In genral to much tail and error, to much dieing untill you get what you actually need to do.6. Holy ♥♥♥♥ this scene when you get into the ""save point"". Story wise it makes no sense because he knows its a trap but he goes right in anyway, and I don't know how many ♥♥♥♥ing ties i needed for this♥♥♥♥♥♥but hell like 25? For that reason alone I cant recomment this unneeded frustration. I mean I played dark souls and its not that I don't like hard games but when you just hard to complete stupid sequences in perfectly in game like this its something else. It just feels annoying.7. At the start it says ""Randal can't swim"" at this point I thought I will be playing other characters with different handycaps/skills. I was wrong.8. When the boy and the rat run from you they always leave the screen and then you need to go alone after then. I thing it would be nice to see them. (not nessasary showing you the clues but the end shows that they can do it differently.9. And how seeing that others finished this in 3 hours and I took 5 tells me the game is actually pretty short. Given the furustration is over now I could see this as positive ;). But its a Game and not a Movie so ... And its probably not my kind of thing if others don't die that often.And now that I finally have completed it, it gives me nightmare mode, yeah right like I am gonna play that thing again.Now this sounds very bad, like I said in the beginning I would give it a neutral. Its actually quite a nice game but to frustrating at times."
,Recommended,211400,634768,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Zangler,Unreal zombie/horror game set in the 80's...the levels are serious works of art!One of the best atmospheric games I have ever played.
,Recommended,211400,3503008,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,fwave93,初見殺しのオンパレード。でも面白いよ！
,Recommended,211400,13192481,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
,Not Recommended,211400,9535088,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"Good looking game, but very buggy: choppy platforming animations, clunky controls, audio mutes at places or cues the wrong audio at the wrong time. Story is corny and cliche with subpar voiceacting and gives you the B-movie vibe complete with weird pacing, gameplay feels a bit like trine and flashback but done in an unintresting way. there is potential though, you can glimpse a good game here and there. but in the end it fails and leaves you with a sour taste in the mouth."
76561198038741190,Recommended,211400,7670727,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Battle Tits,"Deadlight - великолепный платформер который я могу посоветовать чуть ли не всем без исключения. Если вы любитель зомби тематики - берите и не пожалеете. Если вам просто нравятся платформеры - тоже берите, хотя здешние загадки не сложны а прохождение займет не так уж и много времени. Однако если вы как и я не особо люби не зомби не платформеры, то все равно берите её, из за её прекраснейшего визуального стиля. Большую часть игры вы будете любоваться детальным окружением, чудными задниками и вслушиваться в очень атмосферную музыку. При игре в Deadlight лично у меня возникло ощущение, будто бы я смотрю самый настоящий фильм про выживание в мире наводнившем зомби."
,Recommended,211400,33170337,Posted: 2 July,all,Steush,"I personally enjoyed Deadlight to an extent. The gameplay was familiar, yet fresh with it's zombie apocalyptic style morphing the gameplay and story to its own. Although unfortunately I found the story to be a little bit stale with the over abundant amount of current zombie stories out there currently, this story didn't affect me to the lengths I was hoping. The gameplay was fun, having good puzzle elements and zombie fights. Overall it's a really quick game, so give it a try!"
,Recommended,211400,33272046,Posted: 5 July,all,Herr Hauptmann Köpenick,"It's a very good game for everything who love the ""Walking dead""Every basics of a good Zombocalypse are here.Memory trouble, Running all the time, Searching ammo for guns.Like i said, it's ♥♥♥♥ing good mates.That can keep you're mind on this a lil moment."
,Recommended,211400,33281238,Posted: 5 July,all,Gondolierul Fantoma,"Pros :- Good cutscenes- Good gameplay- You can get cards from this gameCons :- The Cutscenes have no soundMy opinions : If you like zombies game , u have to try this ! 9/10"
,Recommended,211400,33303639,Posted: 6 July,all,BBQMilk,"short but really entertaining it had me guessing what was going to happen next, 9/10"
76561198021322953,Recommended,211400,30155652,Posted: 24 February,all,Lord Bart,"January 28th 1986I dream of two cats playing and hiding in a suitcase. They get trapped inside never seeing the light of day again.They cuffocate.I carry a heavy load with blood on my shouler....bags full of vermin of the forest......and dead cats in my luggage― Randall Wayne's diary.Sidescrolling cinematic platforming-survival horror? Like Limbo + The Final Station/Shadow Complex + zombie? Yeah! Let's try.After 11h (6h Normal gameplay + 2h farming achievements + 4h trying Nightmare Mode):PROS+ apocalypse atmosphere+ 2.5D graphics, with silhouette player character and play of light and shadows+ Randall's memories: awesome diary, hidden secrets, an 80's-style handheld video games <3+ ""serial"" ID cards ;)+ interesting construction levels+ comic cut-scenes+ very good auto-save system+ Nightmare mode (probably :P) with alternate endingCONS- later in the game annoying moments of sudden death and repetitions- zombies (Shadows here) can be killed with a single axe-headshot or can't fifteen - 0 logic- no gun after meeting with Rat, he leavs us a slingshot o0- probably too short for some players- strange ending, because... the main character can't swim?- Nightmare mode, with those annoying moments, is imho unbeatable- alternate ending sux hardSubjective rate: B+ (because of the annoying deaths and strange ending. Without this I would rate Deadlight at A-. But if you like the zombie style - you should play it.)"
,Recommended,211400,28803582,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GenkiB,"Excellent zombie side scroller, tricky at parts. Really enjoyed the story and cutscenes. Would recommend 100%"
,Recommended,211400,9023909,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,georgeBoy2,"What a game!I'm not a side scrollers fan but this one just takes zombie atmosphere to a completely new level.just completed it and I must say - the immersion, artwork, audio and cutscenes are a true delight!gameplay is so-so and could be done better.in 6 words - Prince of Persia meets zombie land!"
,Recommended,211400,18682011,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Gatekeeper Of The Vision,"Beautiful and amazingly atmospheric game, definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,211400,1824789,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Yamato,Nice and gloomy zombie platformer but I wish it was a bit longer. You can beat it in under 4 hours.
,Recommended,211400,12393674,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,FatherOftheMoon,"not bad, could be longer i beated this game in 3hours or less. get it if it has a % off not on original price."
,Not Recommended,211400,31198727,Posted: 17 April,all,ɹɯɐƃǝƃɐɹ,"The controls are so buggered. Half the time ill press space without pressing right or left and he'll leap in the direction I'm facing rather than jumping straight up. The ""Rat"" puzzles just show you how clunky the controls really are. Having to jump over one trap then press shift then control to do a roll, but instead he just stops sprinting and crouches.The voice acting is terrible, theres no emotion conveyed in their tone. Its just ""Bugger me, look at that. I got shot and I'm gonna die. Oh well, guess that sh*t happens""The game looks alright, and theres a good amount of levels with high amounts of suspense and a horror vibe to it. The story isn't too flash, just another ""gotta find my family amidst the zombie apocalypse"" game which is why I won't be returning to this game anytime soon.Its the controls, voice acting and storyline which overpowers the good points."
,Not Recommended,211400,20342105,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lraushtsen,"This could have been such a great game, but there's one part here that ruined the entire experience for me.There is a scene where you're being chased by a helicopter that is firing a minigun at you.  If you're hit with a bullet, you instaltly die.  During this chase scene you are forced to navigate through obstacles, and boy does the protagonist move slow through them (ESPECIALLY over fences).  So slow in fact that you will need to retry the chase scene at least 10 times before progressing.There's so much that could have to done to utilize the potential teaming out of this game, but lazy designers (or bureaucrats) decided this cheap scene should be in the game.I'm writing a poor review because of a single scene (and I don't really suck at games).  That's pretty indicative of how that experience is going to be to the player, and that's lame."
,Not Recommended,211400,13696411,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bot Widell,Bad game for to many reasons
,Recommended,211400,21116666,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Johnny,"Because of this sale that went on, I got this game for 2.99, not knowing anything about it, but just it's about zombies. It's freakin' awesome. Freerunning and shooting zombies, while trying to find your family and surviving. Really awesome game, I love the whole camera view, and the controls are easy to learn!"
76561198233531328,Recommended,211400,24034230,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Superchopv,fun
,Not Recommended,211400,11954123,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,♪►[_[_Muffins_Queen]_]◄♬,The game is Fail of control key :(
76561197977667322,Not Recommended,211400,24509927,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Lostfol,"I enjoyed the atmosphere and styling of this game.  With that said, it is extremely short and the story is easily forgetable.  Even with replay, I've gotten about 2/3's of the achievements in under 4 hours and beaten the game.I was expecting a big more game play in the story mode based on the reviews and recommendations I had seen from others.  I am going to rate it down, primarily because the amount of game play i felt was well below what I expected at that price point."
,Not Recommended,211400,7975044,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Demented,"It looks nice on the outside but it's very weak as far as gameplay is concerned. It is like LIMBO in every aspect except you have to fight in most situations which is more of an annoyance than fun.It's buggy in some areas and I felt no enjoyment for accomplishing anything. Grinding for the story is what it felt like, except the story was also weak and I got more enjoyment from reading the pre-story journal./shrug"
76561198094321628,Recommended,211400,19961342,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,STEVEN AGEVER,The Graphics is goodthe story is goodgameplay kinda bad.but overall a good game.
76561197994338086,Not Recommended,211400,27793844,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,caussat,"This game sucks (pacing predetermined by a convoluted and overdrammatic story, slimy controls and hit detections, bad checkpoints...) but the three pseudo game&watch hidden inside are really retro-ingenious gems (for what they last...)"
76561198074322635,Recommended,211400,28216287,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,jwanaps,"9.4/10!I loved Resident Evil 2, and the Telltale's T.W.D. Games... This is the best indie-zombie game, Ive ever played.It has cutscenes Like MGS Peace Walker, mixed with survival, great story/narration, thrill/adrenaline/tension and a killer graphic style, that makes this platformer, come to life with vibrance!That game was amazing! Really enjoyed playing through this!!Very UNDERATED, and personally UNEXPECTEDLY GREAT!Buy the game, especially if it is on sale!"
,Recommended,211400,27439684,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sherlock,You can kill zombies while doing sick♥♥♥♥♥2d parkour.10/10 would fail 1 million times again.
,Recommended,211400,28216883,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,peter,"Excellent climate, good soundtrack, cool graphic, great story - +REP"
76561198195995165,Recommended,211400,26593216,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,vgmn,"the best platform/zombie game that i played, no bugs, easy gameplay, nice graphics, good history and the scenarios are really cool... you can see the survivors on the background and even hordes of zombies coming at your direction, it have 2 endgames , but to achieve te alternate end you have to finish in Nightmare mode... the problem is : it only saves at the start of each chapter and if you exit the game you lose everything.besides that, the game is amazing.BUUUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,211400,26047977,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Oreven,Put the marketing budget into development to get a good game.
,Not Recommended,211400,24525528,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,xvermcr,"A Deadlight the comic book would have been better. Atmosphere and the art is well done, but the gameplay isnt stunning."
,Recommended,211400,12789525,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,orasoras,прикольно играл когда вставал рано пахнет нормально
,Recommended,211400,8222736,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,WKUK FREAKY0_0,I never thought a $5 game could be so good .. At 1st your thinking this game looks like A$$  cuz its 2D but it grows on you and you dont wanna stop playing this game lol from the daydreams in this game to the shadows nothing is really to out of reach  i give this game a 85/100
76561198014951245,Not Recommended,211400,23121390,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ENTIRE TEAM IS BABIES,"Yet another console-focused game crappily ported to PC. Full of little (and big) grievances which all add up for an annoying playing experience for PC gamers, some of which I'll list here. The main menu can't be navigated with WASD. It expects you to double-tap keys, which is completely inexcusable: it's awkward as hell on a keyboard, and why not just bind that action to one of the hundred other keys we have to play with? And the final straw that broke the camel's back - you need to press LSHIFT, LCTRL and A simultaneously to sprint-roll left. Try it right now: start with your standard WASD hand position, and then move your fingers over to those keys. See how clumsy it is? And in case you were wondering, nope, the game doesnotrecognise RCTRL. Other moments in the Garbage Controls Hall of Shame include pommel-horsing fences seven times before the game decides to stop you on the side you want to be on, and attempting to jump straight up but instead vaulting ten metres right into one of the yet another bed of electricity(???) because you weren't at a complete standstill when you pressed Space.Other bad points: ""Secrets"" and other world-enrichment miscellenea are lacklustre AF. Also, all the voice acting is bad, except, weirdly, for those two generic goons with five-second cameos at the petrol station. The bad voice acting has the secondary effect of making the already sub-par story feel even worse.Good points: the art is nice, and although the controls make this hard to know for sure, I think the level design is actually pretty good. If I were playing this on a console, I probably would have enjoyed it. But I wasn't, so it was annoying, and that annoyance brought all the other amateurish elements into a harsh light."
,Recommended,211400,8929919,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,[XGS]DonkyBoY,Yeah this game has full controler pig♥♥♥♥♥♥full controller support means you dont need to use the keyboard but unfortunatly you have to use the KB for some parts as you can not roll while running on a gamepad (using Xbox 360 controler)Aside from that this game is OK i supose.also it doesnot like running in big picture mode it take 5mins for it to pauseseems rather poor attemt at a game futonately it is cheap if your gonna get it wait for a sale then you wont feel but sore.
,Recommended,211400,7523185,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,chet kowalski,"nice art, bad story"
,Not Recommended,211400,9735603,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,DedByDragon,"This game is so awkward and clumsy Its sad, which sucks because It could have been a really good game."
,Recommended,211400,61822,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Karmik,Great!
76561198033882786,Recommended,211400,28273087,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,qgtanton,I like this game. It is a little bit similar to the Silent Hill storyline (Silent Hill 2) but it is good and interesting.
,Recommended,211400,10928499,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,really thick glass of water,Hmm. This Game Was Not Compatible With My Fleshlight Like I Had Assumed From The Title. However If You Are Looking For Non-Fleshlight Oriented Zombie Gameplay I Wuoil;d Reccomend.
76561198049329792,Not Recommended,211400,25258496,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,cabtv,"This is a jump and run.If you're looking for some kind of this war of mine-style game, keep away from this one - unless you enjoy jump and runs. Also do use a gamepad because controls for keyboard+mouse are terrible (you basically only play with your left hand and ocasionally have to  click a mouse button)The atmosphere and graphics are good. Overall i like this game. But i hate jump and runs. So can't recommend, sorry."
76561198067182014,Not Recommended,211400,19667548,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Fivesyounger,"It's just not good. Bad controls, combat, puzzles.Pretty much the whole lot of it is bad. It does looks decent, I'll give it that.3.5/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,9373850,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,dunbar,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,211400,426609,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,[dirrty]gsharp,"Crap, crap, crap.  Bring an Xbox360 controller because this game came from console world and prompts you with console controls every chance it gets. ""Press X or"" some keyboard command.   It looks nice, for a 2D zombie movie, but the controls make this game annoying at best."
,Not Recommended,211400,22287946,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Technip,The twist is that your family died and you forgot 10/10 would oldman parkour again
76561197986416959,Not Recommended,211400,33377885,Posted: 8 July,all,MrH,"The game has a fantastic art style and overall look but it has some of the worst voice acting ever, truly laughable and the script is equally bad, this really hurt the game for me and made it feel very amateurish, I can only hope the devs used friends and family and those weren't actually professionals. Another issue is the controls, they're just not quite tight enough for this type of game and I died countless times because of it, sometimes they just don't respond quick enough. Overall it's OK, and I only paid £2 for it but there are better ways to spend 4 hours."
,Recommended,211400,2562393,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Snaut,"Deadlight is a very atmospheric experience: its plot serves to tell a simple, yet powerful tale; its visuals are an effective mix of 3D graphics and a 2D sidescroller perspective; the game plays with its colour palette and lighting; the gameplay is a mix of platforming and survival horror elements – combat really is the last resort here. The puzzles aren't very complex or challenging, but they are thought-provoking enough to keep the experience engaging.Many of Deadlight's greatest features are due to the appropriately gauged ambition of its designers. The development team knew that they could not make everything work with a low budget and so few hands on the project. For that reason they stuck only with things that worked for the game. What you're left with is a short, sweet, highly atmospheric and engrossing indie platformer.The setting is very unoriginal and the controls sometimes seem a bit awkward when using a mouse and keyboard, but every aspect of the game reinforces its creepy atmosphere – and this is why Deadlight succeeds. Grab it in a sale though, because the 4 hours it takes to complete the game are not much for £10 – even with the unlockable extras that the game has to offer."
76561198041278444,Not Recommended,211400,13016733,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Rico,"A brainless and cliché retelling of the zombie apocalypse genre. The side-scrolling gameplay, albeit original for its kind, is linear and uninteresting. Nothing to see here."
76561198072803092,Recommended,211400,33105894,Posted: 1 July,all,Maui,Except the 2 game breaking bugs that i encountered it's an excellent game and a must have.
,Recommended,211400,9134299,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Darth Vapid,I do really like tequila.....
,Recommended,211400,3886068,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,FreAKazoiD,Прикольный платформер! Советую поиграть кому скучно
76561198129844628,Recommended,211400,10936642,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ahmed.habib,very good game
76561197960699417,Recommended,211400,10937078,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Paddy-o-,Great atmo!
,Recommended,211400,10940537,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Pazzer,Awesome game.
,Recommended,211400,10935803,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fenix,Amazing game
76561197988796777,Recommended,211400,1187775,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Trivial1,"An amazing atmospheric zombie adventure!  The story isn't overly dramatic, but does suffer from the survivor syndrome storyline that we typically see in modern zombie productions.  Don't let that sway you away.  This zombie plat-former doesn't disappoint.  The artistic direction was spot on in this game.  When I close my eyes at night Deadlight is exactly how I imagine the zombie apocalypse to look like.  General degradation of the city and buildings, decaying bodies (both dead and alive), the environment saturated in filth and gore and chaotic collateral damage from the post-apocalyptic zombie aftermath all set the mood for this intriguing story.  Game play was easy.  There were only two to three challenging parts, however, this didn't take away from the overall experience.  It's a relief game.  Something to play between your most played games for a break.  Seeing how this was a console port I was pretty concerned, however, controls, for the most part were not a major issue.  You are limited to predefined set of keys and that is it.  Minor bug issues arose, but nothing that affected the game play or takes away from the overall experience.  Pick this up on sale and enjoy!"
,Recommended,211400,8207642,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,R`',This is not an action game at all and more like a puzzle game.Some of the puzzles are frustrating at time and some of them made me retry for 10+ times.Lasted Me: 4 hoursWorth Meter: $5
,Recommended,211400,8258953,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,pootedesu,Playtime: 2 hours. Completed: Yes. Score: better than I thought it would be.
,Recommended,211400,8262529,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,swoonshroom,"looking for an HD Super Mario Bros. mod? you've come to the right place, my friend.act fast, this is a deal you will not forgive yourself for"
,Recommended,211400,8155123,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,XY1983,"I didn't think I'd enjoy a 2D game as much as I did this, this game was great.""...the days of wasting ammo are over!"""
,Recommended,211400,8271885,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Akibawolf,"The art style is really awesome and the story is interesting. The only problem I have is that you cannot change the key bindings and you really need a controler to play this, otherwise its kinda awkward."
,Recommended,211400,10962858,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Frost #BlackBear <3,Awesome game.....................
,Not Recommended,211400,27676,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Zeke,"Another ""recommendation"" from me. SCRATCH THAT! I can make it negative now!Do not get this. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ For a side-scroller, I've NEVER had to much issue with the controls. There are situations where you need to jump directly up, but if you move to the left, say, just to turn around, it counts as MOVING left so a jump will send you flying. This is tedious when you are trying to get to a ledge.The combat in this game told me to stop playing. There were numerous situations where you had to die at least 5 times before figuring out what to do. The melee button w/ an axe is completely unpredictable: Sometimes it'll cut a head off, other times knock them down, or just push them away. But get this, if they get too close, he'll just shove them... with the axe in his arms. This wouldn't be a problem if the game didn't throw zombies in the way during a chase and unless the axe took the head off the first zombie, you'd get caught and murdered.Plus the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ My guess, since I didn't finish this garbage, he's going mad and his wife and child are dead."
,Recommended,211400,7374501,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,🍕 p i z za_ma n 🍕,"Not only is this a beautiful game, but a beautifully written game. The gameplay is fluid and simple, but far from boring or repetetive. The voice acting is very well done for an indie title as well.  If you are looking for a good zombie game with a great story, i'd recommend this game any day.8/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,9769493,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,TecNeeq,♥♥♥♥♥♥ xbox portjaggies everywheredumb endingcorny voice acting0/10
76561198008324731,Recommended,211400,10936924,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Duczek,"I highly recommend this masterpiece. This game started my adventure in the ""Indie Games"" world and thanks to that I have played many extraordinary games.Give this game and other Indie games a shot!"
,Not Recommended,211400,8048844,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[WITA] Zaltar,"Nice comic approach, but is it enough? It isn't, my friends. It's a good attempt gone really bad. Maybe some might like this corny storyline, but controls are simply horrible. Your character's movements are almost as dumb as zombie's ones. When you have to escape from a helicopter, you'd wish to burn this game. In the end a good art concept is the only bright side."
,Recommended,211400,29285445,Posted: 15 January,all,ShatnersRash,(Y)
,Not Recommended,211400,1925936,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,DrBrogbo,"I spent the vast majority of this game annoyed.The artistic style is cool, and I love slow-paced platforming games like this (I adored Blackthorne back in the day), but this game is executed SO poorly, and it is evident at every single turn.The main character is utterly unbelievable. He is a survivalistic park ranger who writes like an 11-year-old, can't swim, and can barely run or swing an axe at all. Plus, he's portrayed as an emotional, family oriented man, voice acted by someone who is so emotionless, he may as well be an android.The character movement is super clunky, melee combat is a chore and a half, a vast majority of the action-puzzles are flat out impossible on the first attempt, and the voice acting is atrocious (for EVERYONE).Some of the puzzles are cool (even some of the action sequences), and if they tweaked it a bit and dropped melee entirely, the gunplay could be the centerpoint of an inherently satisfying game. Taken as a whole, however, I was not a fan at all.It's mediocre, but not great. I'd give it a 60/100, and would recommend it only to serious fans of the genre, and only when on sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,7799318,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Keychain,"Although it does manage to do some great things on it's own, the final result of these great things are not so great. Deadlight manages to mix 2D platforming and puzzle-solving with a grim and dark apocalyptic setting, and does a good job at it.However, the controls are extremely slippery and unresponsive. This ties into the parkour as well, as the controls themselves have the tendency to completely screw you over for no good reason, which makes the game quite frustrating to play, especially when you have to repeat long sequences after every death in order to get back to where you left off.You could pick this up on a sale where it's dirt cheap, just for the sake of experiencing the well-executed mixture of 2D platforming and apocalyptic setting. Otherwise; stay away from this game, it's not really worth it."
76561197971121571,Recommended,211400,29408896,Posted: 21 January,all,ashwake,"9/10Love the look of this game. I would be keen for another. Basicaly This war of mine but in 1980's zombie apocalypse.Did find a few moments insanely frustrating thou (The rat,helicopter roof chase and rushing throu collaping building)"
,Not Recommended,211400,15101275,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,mattdeeze,"Clunky, glitchy, short/10"
,Recommended,211400,23839401,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dreamweaver7,This is an absolutely sick game. An interesting narrative with solid puzzle solving and combat. Plus it's only like $3 right now. Definitely pick this up
,Recommended,211400,23860354,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,☭КомпотПапа☭,Loved it! Would play again! Great story and nice gameplay. Zombie games fans will love it. The only bad thing is the game length.
76561197976761722,Not Recommended,211400,18545486,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,HairyMary,YAWN............ I have no time to waste playing a game that asks me to enjoy trivialities such as guessing how to climb through that hole in the ceiling or walk across those rickety boards on the ground without falling down. Why do people inflict these f**king stupid puzzles on humanity? As a day to day analogy it's like the bus driver telling you to guess his age before he'll let you purchase a ticket. F**K OFFF. I DON'T CARE.
76561197967464313,Not Recommended,211400,28404686,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Powers,"Completely liner, would have been a good game about 15 years ago, but just a fairly average, at best,  game nowadays"
76561198047798261,Recommended,211400,10613722,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Il_JaCkPoT_Il,fun zombie platformer
76561198016152741,Recommended,211400,10571056,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ergomantra,Awesome game
,Recommended,211400,7361976,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Crunchy Soap,A beautiful game with an interesting story and a very different style of gameplay that you don't normally see in zombie-themed titles. It all fits well and works great together though and is definately worth a playthrough. It's not worth two playthroughs though.My Rating: 6.5/10
76561198013346238,Not Recommended,211400,31233160,Posted: 19 April,all,V3NOM,"A 2D Side-Scrolling Zombie Adventure!!!DeadlightWhat Is This Game About?As a lone survivor during an zombie outbreak, the player searches for his wife and daughter. While finding clues and meeting other survivors, the player will face challenges and the horrors that lurk in the shadows in order to achieve his goals. There are weapons and items to be found, but the player will have to rely on reflex and agility skills too.What Are The Game Pros?Graphics (Background, Lighting, Color Contrasts; etc.)Gameplay (Controls, Keymapping, Response Time; etc.)Level Designs (Obstacles, Props, Sprites; etc.)Music/Soundtrack (Very Fitting For The Game)What Are The Game Cons?Main Story/Plot (Poor Ending)No Replay ValueVery Linear GameNo Alternative CharactersGame Length (Too Short)Would You Recommend This Game?No, I do not recommend this game. This game has a lot of potential to be a great game, but the developers missed their chance.Let me explain why:The GoodI really enjoyed the game's atmosphere, music and visuals that can easily immerse the player into the chaotic world of zombies. The gameplay was also enjoyable and reminds me of older side-scrolling games (Prince Of Persia, Nosferatu, Ninja Gaiden, Castlevania; etc.). However, that is where the game's appeal ends for me.The BadThe main story of the game was great at the beginning, but fell flat from the middle to the end of the game (the ending did not make any sense.. *SPOILER ALERT*throughout the game the player can shoot or smash ""chained-locked"" doors and fences, but can't do so at the pier?*SPOILER ALERT* ). The game also felt too short length of a game or incomplete without stopping or destroying ""New Law"" and/or finding a cure.I do know there are more content to the main story when completing this game on ""Nightmare"" mode.There is no replay value of this game, especially when there are no alternative characters to unlock or choose from, no alternative game paths or locations to explore.I am certain there are fans of this game that will not agree with my review, but maybe they haven't played older side-scrolling games that offer more replay value and better main stories/plots."
,Recommended,211400,7877717,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Divine,It's DAAAAAAAANNNNNKKK :P
,Recommended,211400,14377309,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,BearFucker,I had no fun playing this whatsoever.11/10
76561198339074982,Recommended,211400,28306409,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Василий,游戏很不错，花了9块钱入的。先说操作，我是用手柄玩的，xbox手柄，跳跃，冲刺，翻滚，攻击等动作都有，操作有一定的硬直，不过没有大影响，画面干净利落，主打黑白灰色，但看起来让人感觉很舒服（个人觉得），阴影也很到位（一款横版过关动作游戏也有很细致的人物阴影），各种场景也都很有代入感。不过最让人有代入感的是里面的音乐，下水道里的水声，爬楼梯时发出的声音，还有在空旷厂房里推到铁柜子的声音都非常真实，极具代入感。剧情简单，虽说没有汉化但只要有一定英语水平就能看个大概，流程很短，在一开始的模式下手快一点2个小时完全可以通关。噩梦模式目前还没有打通，不过玩了五分之一感觉不出来和一般模式有什么区别，但在噩梦模式下有一点很不好，就是不能存档，一旦开始游戏，就必须打完，不能中途退出，否则就要重头再来，也不能存档，更重要的是不能够死，一死就要从第一关开始，这样的设定非常的不科学，要是一不小心死了就要重头开始实在是太麻烦，在这种情况下要通过噩梦模式对一般玩家来说实在是不容易。这可能就是噩梦模式的唯一难度因素，但也是最要命的因素。
76561198018446175,Recommended,211400,17053338,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,COM/RED,"Really awesome puzzleplatformer, i recommend this :)"
,Recommended,211400,5580517,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Mr.Gizmous,"Хардкорный, атмосферный платформер.Интересный сюжет, отличный геймлпей.Много всяких загадулечек."
,Not Recommended,211400,23393724,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,this-maciek-moment,"Nice visuals and sound (though the sewers get a little dull), but awful writing and mostly bad voice acting. The gameplay is hit and miss, with the biggest problem being that it's not at all clear what you're supposed to do sometimes."
76561198032164748,Not Recommended,211400,11004442,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,My_Rating_For_Steem_Is_Zero_thou,Story sucks. Horrible controls. Horrible Horrible controls but I finally reached the mediocre ending. Congrats to me. Now i see nightmare mode has been unlocked. Wasn't I just in a nightmare of a game?I will never speak of this game again.
76561198115890636,Not Recommended,211400,23110643,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ecclesiastic,You could buy it when there is something like 70% off. Then you can spare a boring afternoon for it. Otherwise save your money. The whole game is so rigid.
76561198262532012,Not Recommended,211400,24748416,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Jota,"Don't buy! Looks good in the begining, but is awfully programmed. Annoying crackling sounds, graphic failures like lagging and tearing (I have a high end gaming pc which is running stable).And playing it with the Xbox controller (which normally does fine in other games. I never had an issue in other games before) is really a PITA! Not worth the money. Kindly said, that game was programmed by an amateur!"
,Recommended,211400,33146427,Posted: 2 July,all,WλR HOG 419,blah blahblah blah steam review summer stickers 2017
,Recommended,211400,24768096,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BrotherLewis,Not as potato compatible as you'd think
,Not Recommended,211400,33070142,Posted: 30 June,all,7amad77,"Boring game, just press D and space and you winOnly the ending is good so1/10"
76561198033566626,Not Recommended,211400,24618081,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,mceye,"Fracking console sh*t again. Yes, I could by a controller. No, I won't.I will use keyboard and mouse so stop forcing me to press E and D or L-SHIFT and L-CONTROL at the same time. I don't bend that way. If I'd bend that way I'd be in porn movies. Yes, I could remap the layout. No, I won't.If it gets ported to PC it better fracking be ported for the PC and not some lame fracking excuse to make more money.And have the voice actors see the scenes before recording."
,Not Recommended,211400,23717920,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,fUn*z13l5ch31b3,game is okay but no free upgrade to directorscut patch (search on steam-shop instead of this one!)
76561197970538611,Recommended,211400,12321793,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Westenra,"Cool game. Reminds me of LIMBO. Light puzzling, platforming and gunplay elements. Be prepared to die. Constantly. I spent 50% of my first playthrough redoing the same sections over and over, up to a dozen times. Fortunately the game checkpoints every five feet, so you don't feel like a total jackhole for getting eviscerated, shot, impaled, drowned, electrocuted, and falling to your death every time you enter a new room. Warm, fuzzy storyline tackles themes of genocide,♥♥♥♥♥♥ child murder, suicide, right-wing paranoia, and a world lacking any semblance of personal hygene. Did I mention it's family friendly? In conclusion: Killer art design, but little else.Get it on sale."
76561198021757575,Recommended,211400,7998290,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,A Very Well Played An Straegy Wise Game!!!!!!
,Recommended,211400,28259908,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,xptonile-YT,"Awnsome game, I love it, play by yourself, finding your friends, an cool story with a good action and moviments."
76561198040466770,Not Recommended,211400,30791412,Posted: 28 March,all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,"This game is mechanically similar to sweeping the floor so the only strong point it could have is a good story.  Sadly it looks like they just picked that part right out of every zombie cliche you could think of.Dood is missing his family, dood spends every ounce of his infinite energy looking for his family, dood kills many zombies in the process, dood questions his humanity, then dood meets other doods, but they bad doods, so he recaptures his humanity by killing those doods.  Then the icing on the cake are the transition points in the story.  Its like they think we just graduated from kindergarten.Rat dood can't find son, makes main dood waste so much of his precious infinite energy tooking for son, then rat dood magically appears out of the exact manhole the main dood and son needed to be saved.  Main dood needs to save tied up Ben dood from zombie, but a glass partition blocks him.  He could just walk a bit up the Z axis to a section that is broken, but nope, main dood has to traverse a beautifully rendered 2D landscape to get to the other side where there is no partition.  And right when Untied Ben Dood needs bandages, Lo and ♥♥♥♥in Behold there is a goddamn hospital right behind them.  And then the dialog is as if the cake was filled with♥♥♥♥♥♥Main dood - ""Come on you crazy old man, who managed to build an incredibally elaborate series of traps in a sewer system by himself, of which I will not express the least bit of surprise and continue to refer to this dood as a crazy old man"", or ""come on kid, who has managed to survive out in this world for what seems like a long time without me help, of which I will not express any curiousity as to how, stop running so I can help you survive (which I end up doing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job at)""This character and his raspy voice is the only thing this game has that could be of value, and they both get painfully annoying as soon as the dood meets the kid.  God I hope RIME is better."
,Not Recommended,211400,10972118,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Berzeger,"If you thought Bad Rats was a bad and barely controllable game, then you haven't played Deadlight."
76561198084784666,Recommended,211400,18879500,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Bat-Flash,wowa great storygreat graphicsgreat musicgreat gameplayfor this great game
,Not Recommended,211400,1253545,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Law,"It's like Bad Rats, but a zombie platformer."
,Not Recommended,211400,21294680,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,PapaDelta138,"Deadlightis another one ofMicrosoft Studio's side-scolling platformer games that tells us the story of Randall Wayne, and his determination to save his friends from the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse. It pretty similar to a few games likeLIMBO, in terms of the platforming, andThis War is Minein terms of the visuals. The story was extremely short, let's say about 3-4 hours, but I won't speak against that because even though this game has its positives, there are also as many negatives in it, and that makes me want to just drop the game at any moment.The visuals- Out of everything else in the game, this is what stood out the most. Grim, dark, and creepy - an appropriate setting for a game like this. The artwork is, as always, brilliant. To keep to the tone of the game, it won't be colourful (obviously). It probably draws inspiration fromLIMBO. The cinematics are pretty similar to the artwork you'd see inThe Walking Deadcomic books.The story- Itisextremely short, but I felt it was good enough for me to be able to enjoy it. But it wasn't exactly immersive. There was not much character development, mostly only focusing on your main character,  and the start of the game feels like you're playing a game that's halfway done. Personally, as the game progressed, I questioned myself as to why I should give a damn about a bunch of characters I couldn't know about a bit more. It just felt inadequate.The gameplay-Deadlighthas its fair share of puzzles, and I'd say they're actually pretty ... not nice. Certain objects just go unnoticed, you just can't see them. It's frustrating. And the same thing could be said about the platforming. It's utterly maddening that you have to jump from Point A to Point B without having to know you'll probably die while doing it ... and you actually will (I literally stopped playing it once, because it was really rustling my feathers). Oh, and it's a mediocre port.The verdict- I'd say that the game honestly did not live up to its expectations for me. I got it with full intentions that it would be one of the best games I've played, but nah. It's got a nice story, but terrible gameplay. I've also had issues with its bugs, too, as the cinematics would lose sound, so I'd feel like I'm watching a silent movie. Thank God for subtitles. All in all, I'd say get the game strictly when it is on sale. Would I recommend it to platform-lovers? No. What about story-oriented players? Maybe, maybe not (Mostly a no). But I will tell you this -Deadlightis very much forgettable."
,Recommended,211400,4439248,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Mr.Head_Penetration #Kinguin,Good 2D game i think it is
76561198037738325,Recommended,211400,32059055,Posted: 30 May,all,cjbutler1974,It's a good game.
,Not Recommended,211400,24919672,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jobenblue,"Not fun, characters and story are boring, health is really unfair, and the axe swing uses too much stamina. Unless you plan on playing the game with a trainer where you have infinite health, ammo, and stamina, don't get this game. Even then, the game may not be worth getting, it's not worth it to me to put in the effort for the trainer. Spend you money and time elsewhere."
76561198007165721,Not Recommended,211400,12781814,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bourlingueur,"This is the most frustrating, nonsensical piece of garbage I have ever played. Do not buy at any cost."
,Not Recommended,211400,22959127,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Neriy Roe,"Can't finish the Rat Lab, the ""jump and roll"" part. Tried many times, many different timings and approaches. Doesn't work. Unbeatable."
,Recommended,211400,10197023,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Maximo649,Very liner story not very worth it... i would not reccomend it
,Not Recommended,211400,9824794,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ok JFI Dickeys,ew
,Not Recommended,211400,9160664,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Krmpy,"Another bad platformer, Sigh..."
,Not Recommended,211400,23136545,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ishvii,"Pretty 2.5D visuals, average story, good voice acting. Unresponsive controls really let it down. It's still quite buggy, and getting your guy to do what you want is tricky, which is not what you need when you're being chased by zombies."
,Recommended,211400,23824113,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mouse_romania,Best story and had a lot of time playing.Short but great game
76561198007409592,Not Recommended,211400,15078817,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,Meh...
,Not Recommended,211400,28331961,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ComputerFace,I would skip this game and watch some videos online. DO NOT BUY. Expect to be constantly frustrated. THE GOOD : The game is beautiful. I really enjoy the platformer 3D look of this game. The background are amazing. The cut scene art is really good too. The voice over is a bit much. The game play is like prince of persia in a zombie outbreak. The ledge jumping is fun.  THE BAD : I use a controller to play this and the controls are TERRIBLE. There was no explaination on how to actually draw your gun. Nothing. You must HOLD LB or RB. Aiming is critical to get head shots on the shadow zombies but the controls are so jumpy that is impossible to do quickly. The game excels at the slow delicate parts - but any time where you need to fight or shoot with precision - it's so clunky you end up quitting out of frustration. Same goes for the ledge jumping. When you have time it's great. But when you need to rush - the helicopter attack scene - it's the worst. Your character moves so slowly and with terrible control reaction - I had to restart this scene out of frustration 10+ times. Fix the controls guys!
76561198055216902,Recommended,211400,21823068,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Fatbeen,"Great game, stupid ending."
,Not Recommended,211400,14105765,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,76561193780676215,Game sucks. Lots of bugs. Generic zombie game with nothing special in it. Levels very repetitive.
76561198010240959,Recommended,211400,16409638,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hitlersaurus Rekt,"""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors""""The safe point is no more than a trap used to hunt the survivors"""
76561198010641857,Recommended,211400,8558641,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ivan Moreira,"Really like he game. Main history is short, yes, but pretty insteresting, although the ending is kinda predictable.Recommend using a controller, using a kb + mouse is kinda clunky, but possible.Visuals are stunning, sound is good.overall, i would give it a 75."
76561198049506104,Recommended,211400,26143378,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,♪ Wilda Hüneto ♪,I love this game because it's perhaps the best 2D scroll-over game and it's storyline is just as touching as any other sentimental games out there!Definitely worth every penny!
,Not Recommended,211400,13909405,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,yami,parts of the game are inexcusably buggy and some border on being unplayable.kinda fun for the first hour but doesn't get anywhere gameplay-wise. story is generic to go along with it.
,Recommended,211400,7819712,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,RevCat,"Easily the best 2d platformer on Steam. Gorgeous graphics, amazing 3d graphics, interesting cutscenes, not-to-difficult puzzles with zombie slashin' action. combines parkour with chopping zombies heads off. It is just a beautiful game with lots of variety, and you will never feel restricted even though you can only move 2 dimensionly. Includes hidden super secrets that boost max health and stamina permanantly, if if u start a new campaign. campaign roughly 3-4 hours. you will be wanting to replay it again to find more sercrets.  a must buy 9/10"
76561198119970014,Recommended,211400,25111014,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mike Lytoris,This game is F***ING AWESOME
76561197987585729,Recommended,211400,7670395,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Spanky Ham,"Big Bad zombieslayer? not this time boys and girlsВеликий и Ужасный истребитель зомбей?Щаз, разбежались."
,Not Recommended,211400,31157486,Posted: 15 April,all,mcRamz,"To summarize: Not worth your ♥♥♥♥ing money.Generic StoryGeneric WritingGay Voice actingStory is around 5 hours longUnresponsive ControlsTakes too long for the game to respond to controlsKilling zombies is a hastle, zombies themselves are just annoying as ♥♥♥♥ and just get in the wayAnd above all, too ♥♥♥♥ing boring.Don't buy this game. It's underwhelming, boring and just a hastle to play. Save your money, buy something else."
76561198069539035,Not Recommended,211400,8408576,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HARRY BORRIMAS,"Bad, bad bad, bad game! Limited, not immersive, not interesting, bland visuals, predictable ending, not fun, not stylish, not deep, not dramatic.... a The Walking Dead wannabe.Add me on Steam and I'll buy you whatever game you'd like, if you don't get this worthless game.Go play The Swapper, Thomas Was Alone, Braid, Antichamber or Gone Home. Those are the indies you should be playing."
,Recommended,211400,2961144,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,✅BambusNascher™✅,.
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,211400,12067718,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Puddle,"What a crap game. First off, It can be beaten in 3 hours easy. 3 hours. As in a movie and a large dump.The story is so boring and filled to the brim with horrible writting and cliche tropes. ""Oh, an apocalypse story showing us the living are worse than the zombies? Never seen that gem before!"" ""Oh, A main character mid 40s white male with a lost wife and daughter hes looking for? Never seen that before!"" ""Oh, A group of survivors that have formed an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ community that steals and rapes anyone not a part of their group for no apparent reason?.....""The voice acting is just horrible. The main character is the only decent one out of the bunch and even then its got a cardboard feel to it. On top of that the volume for the cutscenes is sometimes much louder than the regular volume.The gameplay is very dull with little heart. You get a total of 2 guns in the whole game. A pistol and a shotgun. Other than that you have a fire axe. But that doesnt really matter because you just run past all of the zombies without an issue. You will die more in this game from the dumb♥♥♥♥♥environmental ""puzzles"" than you will from the zombies.Their genius puzzles include the following:1- Areas with water that you have to navigate across by jumping on varius platforms. (Oh yeah did I mention he cant swim and water 1 foot higher than he is will kill him?)2-Areas where the ceiling is falling and you have to run before it collapses on you resulting in instant death.3-Areas where a helicopter is chasing you while shooting slowly behind you while you are navigating a few gaps or buildings.4-Areas with a big red X where you have to shoot to open up the next area.Fun right?I cant think of one thing I liked about this game and I only finished it because i googled it and saw it was only a few hours. I wouldnt recommend buying this. Even $1 is to much."
,Recommended,211400,14028644,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Aya Brea,nice game ^_^
,Recommended,211400,12284733,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rachel#SendMeYourUnwantedCoupons,This game style reminds me a little bit of Batman Arkham Origins Blackgate. Both are very linear. You basically move forward and interect with objects and fight. Simple and easy gameplay in my opinion. The game does get harder as you move forward. Deadlight is very beautiful and I'm really enjoying the game. I'm enjoying the story as well. Didn't have any bug problem so far. I bought it on sale and I don't regret it at all. It's not worth the full price though. Isuggest you watch the video on the store page. You will either love it or hate it. I bought after watching it and the game is pretty much what I imagined it was going to be. I'm happy I bought it.
,Recommended,211400,1097361,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,UnrealDelusion,Deadlight is an amazing platform/puzzle game. It has a good story and amazing art style which makes some scenes jaw dropping. If you like platform-puzzle games I highly recommend Deadlight. 8/10
,Recommended,211400,6840193,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,benly,...
76561197971117075,Not Recommended,211400,21613898,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,"That thing people used to say to you as a Kid if you pull that face and the wind changes it will stay that way, It's more like if you ever meet the dev of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game like this and he smiles and you punch his stupid face This game will still be♥♥♥♥♥♥but you might feel a little better."
76561198020056460,Not Recommended,211400,12629596,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Asmyfriend,这个游戏太糟糕了， 提示不清晰，请你告诉我如何踢开一扇应该踢开的门， 好吗？
,Not Recommended,211400,23614198,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,tz,♥♥♥♥
76561198092356857,Recommended,211400,32648231,Posted: 22 June,all,Daenerys,gud
,Not Recommended,211400,31512061,Posted: 2 May,all,Smiley102,"Yawn. The character is lame, the controls are sometimes infuriating, the story is lame, the levels are lame. This whole game is a lameparade."
,Recommended,211400,16558423,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pèpè Silvia,"A very good platformer with great visuals and a good story. The controls are sometimes clunky, as it was made for consoles with controllers. But I didn't have any problems completing the game, and I would love to see a sequel!!"
76561198016129633,Recommended,211400,22809242,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,I'm not much of a zombie apocalypse type of game fan but this game is really challenging and awesome. A must buy for survival/zombie/indie fans out there. 9/10
,Not Recommended,211400,13697450,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,"At £1.19 (for the soundtrack edition) at 90% off, it's a steal.It's a beautifully made side scroller about a post apocalyptic world where a virus has turned people into Shadows. Shadows are essentially zombies.The graphics really, really do shine in a light of their own. It's dark, gloomy and really gives off a good ""End of the world"" type vibe.Cinimatics play like short images which are superbly drawn, with audio and subtitles played over them. That method of story telling is perfect for this game.You can find secrets which tell you of people who have been lost to the chaos, and keep you searching the levels.The background has some really nice things happening in it. Such as people trying to escape Shadows and Shadows themselves, aimlessly roaming around.It's really a great little game. Only problem I have with it is that the controls are a bit fiddly and a certian part in the tunnels I'm unable to ever get past using my keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,211400,28265575,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Chappy The Spooky (Brokering),-Sees Guy Getting Sparta Kicked-Instantly Buys It-Forgets Computer Runs♥♥♥♥♥♥-Doesn't Want To Delete Game Because Of Sparta Kick-Too Lazy To Refund10/10 Best Sparta Kick
,Recommended,211400,7659068,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Chaz,"Deadlight reintroduces us to a vintage and tragic world. Vintage as based on old-school Side-scrolling and Tragic as based on the end of the human race. This near 3D side scrolling ZOMBIE infested nightmare will bring you to the edge of your wits as you play as an unlikely common Survivalist named Randall Wayne. You set out to find your missing family and along the way will meet various and random Survivors both friend and foe. In the ruined city you’ll need to run along from platform to platform avoiding or killing the walking dead better known as Shadows. These shadows and not your garden variety group of ZOMBIES. They will not infect you, they will not taunt you; they will merely KILL you. This adventure offers a side order of hunting for hidden clues and objects and the opportunity to increase health and stamina. Each scene is re-playable so you can go back and search for missing items. Your weapons are limited and unique for the situation. This has been a lot of fun to play and left me wanting more."
,Not Recommended,211400,8633902,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Kosmozuikis,Avoid this game. Unresponsive controls and too frustrating. Prepare to die often in this game because of unresponsive controls.
,Recommended,211400,4585811,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,bobrodobro,"ШЕ  -  ДЕ  -  ВРЭто самый красивый и захватывающий сюжетный платформер, в который я играл. Саспенс, нагнетаемый класным саундтреком и поразительно качественной игрой акторов озвучки,  будоражит воображение, а множество приятных мелочей вроде дневника, заметок и коллектаблсов, создают незабываемую атмосферу ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥еца и отчаяния. За все это можно даже простить отсутствие полноценных катсцен, хотя многим могут понравится и слайды. После титров у меня осталось впечатление сродни тому, что остается после просмотра ААА+ голливудского фильма от именитого режисера. После того же Ласт оф Аз такого не было, например.У меня одна претензия к игре - МАЛО! ЕЩЕ ХОЧУ!"
76561197971887513,Recommended,211400,33956688,Posted: 1 August,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/qjePlP6PUlw
,Recommended,211400,25101051,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,Great Game! 8/10
,Not Recommended,211400,10641349,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fidgetytrack,"Dark souls 2 is a great game, sadly it drops in quality at the end of the game.Some of the mechanics like soul memory and the non-guaranteed drops from single-time enemies work against each other.Dark souls 2 has a lot of great things going for it, but overall feels lazy and unintuitive.7.5/10 great game even with its faults.Deadlight is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥though"
76561197974653316,Not Recommended,211400,11706586,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,MilkProduct,.
,Recommended,211400,2629610,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,Tim Timsen,"6/10Prince of Persia (the 2D game) meets generic Zombie Shooter.The story is very nicely made and it has a great atmosphere which gets even better with the soundtrack.But the game itself is way too short and quite disappointing.Only buy this when you need something for killing a little time or when you're a hardcore ""Jump around 'n shoot Zombies in the freakin' face"" fan."
,Recommended,211400,77410,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Grenadeh,Zombies + platformer = good times
76561197970524443,Recommended,211400,14522915,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,HooksGURU,"An interesting side scroll style game with puzzle elements and hidden goodies here and there that feel rewarding to discover. I would place the game in the platforming genre before I would place it within the action genre; so don't expect anything more than an infrequent run-in with foes, instead of the head-on combat style most zombie games are filled with.The objective is to avoid confrontation in place of harming the enemy through a series of traps and passages...so it may take getting used to that idea before purchasing the game. Nevertheless, if you are looking for a quick game with a new take on zombie horror you will find it to be a good concept for zombie themed game. Also, use a gamepad...like all platformers, it is gamepad friendly."
76561197990570513,Not Recommended,211400,24602716,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Museroom[MO],kids
76561198034647103,Not Recommended,211400,29386002,Posted: 20 January,all,Lost Boys,"Do you ever get games which♥♥♥♥♥♥you off because theres a puzzle and nothing in the room and you're like well I'm not going to look it up, then the game has won, so I try and try and you do all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥and you think I bet it's really easy, you think ""Meh I should just forget about this game"" but then 2 years later you remember the game for its good bits and think ""I'd love to play that again! Why did I stop playing?"" I hate Deadlight rather have a FLESHlight"
,Not Recommended,211400,32660312,Posted: 22 June,all,wrgarrison123456789,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥
76561198056391868,Not Recommended,211400,28263998,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,largenorthamericanmammal,help id like to refund this since the keyboard controls are dead they dont work and dont know how to refund.
,Recommended,211400,3211464,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Freebirds™,"Despite it being a short game, it is very VERY fun if you're a fan of side scrollers. It even scared me a bit."
76561198016809890,Recommended,211400,10133429,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,rainingblood901,Sidescrolling zombie action adventure game. Has some pretty awesome moments even though the story is a little weak at times.
76561198070040096,Recommended,211400,10116287,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Johanson,"Reflective, intense, and dreary - this is the world of Deadlight, and I enjoyed it quite a bit. Gameplay at times was a real stickler, but the story is beautiful and the world around me had a wonderful mixture of zombies and the 1980s."
,Not Recommended,211400,10119056,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Welcome To The Geese Fields,"Deadlight is a game that starts out extremely solid and seems like it's going to be a great experience, spoiler alert: It isn't. The first section of the game is fast paced, handles well, and introduces decent gameplay mechanics, but only the first section of the game is decent. Later on in the game the player is introduced to an underground dungeon that doesn't belong anywhere in the game. It makes the game go from gritty and interesting to bland and tedious in a heartbeat. Other terrible parts of the game involve a Michael Bay esque run-from-a-helicopter sequence or a typical undead story scenerio where our hero has to escape from the corrupt military. Apart from the overdone environments are the flat characters, predictable plot-twist, and tedious trial-and-error sections of the game. Sadly enough, Deadlight shows promise in its design, but its execution leaves it wallowing in the mud."
,Recommended,211400,10119810,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DoktorVivi,"Pretty good platformer. Like the high-contrast art style. Keyboard controls are very iffy (and the game didn't like my old Logitech gamepad at all): layout is weird and certain moves (rolling, walljumping) are hit and miss. Voice acting is pretty hammy and the writing is generally meh. Otherwise, worth a couple bucks."
76561198022999912,Recommended,211400,10155757,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,GOJIRA5150,Very good game. Reminds me of Shadow Complex. Having fun playing this game
,Recommended,211400,854801,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,The Mighty Jesus,Great Fun a must play for anyone
,Recommended,211400,7513327,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Arlerks,"Really great game, very immersive. Not very long but really fun gameplay with a gripping story.12-76/~7"
,Recommended,211400,4318904,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,itsDVarin,"It feels like zombie survival in Abe's Oddyssey and that is awesome! The ambiance and atmosphere of the game is great. When background zombies merge into the 2D game field, it just works so well. THe limited melee ability and the sudden swarms of overwhelming numbers give a real feeling of being out of your depth in a world of undead. Exceptional!My only problem is the cutscenes. They're a lazy paper-mario-esque cutout slideshow (Not unlike those of Waking Mars, but without its punchy charm). I can't say the plot has gripped me, but it doesn't matter hugely... Its Zombies for goodness sake. They're dead. You're not. Keep it that way. Plot irrelevant. The gmaeplay is crisp, smooth and addictive. Game on!"
,Not Recommended,211400,10422760,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,bdiap,"[SPOILERS] Okay so... you're this gruff dude from Canada who loves to swing axes at zombies. You're chasing hallucinations of your daughter and wife throughout the whole game. Some parts are fun. I liked trying to figure out how to get past levels, but I didn't like having to die 18 times a level just to figure it out. It's like World 8 of Mario meets Assassin's Creed parkour all while the terrain is literally falling apart, and if you fall, you die. I liked the story. I got a bit into it. The world wasn't realistic at all, though. Zombies can move at you from the background of the game, but you can only move left and right (guess how that ends... you die). Oh, and the worst part, gruff dude from Canada doesn't know how to swim so he chooses to get eaten by zombies rather than swim two feet to a rescue boat that has your smokin' hot redhead friend in it. Only get this if it's mad cheap."
,Recommended,211400,1277599,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Aberrate,"Absolutely gorgeous game from a relatively new developer, Tequila Works. Filled to the brim with some of the best looking environment art and details I've seen in a long time, this 2.5D platform horror will test your nerves repeatedly. I played with my 360 controller and for the most part the game felt very intuitive and smooth to control, except for a few dodgy moments where I couldn't hop off some fences to escape danger, or missing a jump. The game is paired up with a grim narrative set to a graphic novel style story presentation. The main character, Randall Wayne, has the grittiest voice that sends shivers down your spine at moments, you can feel his pain right up the climax of the game. The game has gorgeous visuals, incredible set peice environments and some of the best fluid character animation (no motion capture apparently either!) some moments and puzzles can be tricky to progress through, but still worth pushing on through it to the end.I give it a solid ***8.5/10***"
76561198038869267,Not Recommended,211400,7996109,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,richardstheone,A total waste of money.
76561197989263489,Recommended,211400,1209004,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,=uRmOm=,"Love it, similar in some ways to The walking dead but thru the eyes of someone totally new, Great storyline get this! srs!"
,Not Recommended,211400,10500101,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,rcteske,Horrible controls and an overall lack of polish ruin what would be a beautiful game.
,Recommended,211400,10484804,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,P1nkie_P13,"Deadlight is a platformer set in a zombie infested United States. First I have to say what I find refreshing about this game. The main character isn't trying to solve the zombie infestation or save humanity. Hell, he isn't even trying to find out how to cure it or what caused it. And I have to say thank god for that! I'm sick of seeing games where ""only you can save us all"". It's nice to play a story set inside a world where the characters must react to the environment rather than try to change it.Ok, now that that's said let's get to the nitty gritty.As a platformer this game is passable, it's not great but it's not terrible either. There are some moments where it seems the controls a unresponsive or laggy but that may have been my system. Combat is basic and is something of a last resort, you won't exactly be killing the undead hordes.For the most part this game is a puzzle platformer, working out what what bit to shoot with your pistol or slingshot to collapse thing x or extended platform y.The art style is nice, although I can't help but feel that it could've been made clearer what is part of the background and what is a climbable surface. Yes, there are hint ""lights"" to show you what is climbable but when your in one of the 'running' scenes I found little time to actually go looking for them.It's a short game with not much replay value. If you complete the game on easy or normal it unlocks a harder setting but beyond making the enemies harder to kill there's no noticeable change. The levels have some collectibles that reveal your characters past in more depth as well as give background on world around you.So overall, yes, it's a good game and you should play it but don't expect a long experience or anything too revolutionary with the control system. I would recommend for the price to drop from its current £9.99 pricepoint though."
,Recommended,211400,10331113,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,CouthInk4,"Not really a fan of 2.5D Games, but this is actually really good.It's a new twist on zombie survival, it's really good, great problems to solve and it's a great storyline:) I'm only 3 hours in and i love it :oI definetly suggest you buy this game!"
,Recommended,211400,10319686,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Zealot,"It was a bit short, but overall a fun and enjoyable experience. Fun mix of platforming and puzzle solving, along with an intriguing narrative made for a solid couple hours of fun. I really liked the environment design."
76561198015955130,Recommended,211400,10326244,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,javis,great soundtrack!great gameplay...great game.... the design and art in this game is great!!!- the game is a bit short- buy when in sale (3-4 dollar/euros)score: 8!
,Not Recommended,211400,2034140,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,Fuck the Lich King,LIMBO랑 비슷한 횡스크롤 액션게임이라 LIMBO랑 비교하려고 했고 중반까지는 그럴려고 했는데..중간중간 굉장히 짜증나는 조작을 요구하는 부분이 있음.  단 한번의 실수도 용납하지 않는 부분이 몇 군데 있었는데 그 부분에서 굉장히 짜증나서 이 것을 남김.체크 포인트 오토세이브 형식이라 그 부분을 못 넘기면 계속 트라이 & 에러로 반복해야되는데다가 주인공이 주저리주저리 하는 부분도 스킵도 안되서  굉장히 짜증남.어떤 이벤트씬에서 사운드가 나왔다가 어떤 이벤트씬에서는 안나오는 버그도 아쉬움.스토리도 뻔한 좀비 아포칼립스 + 이해안되는 다른 인물/집단들의 행동 때문에 전혀 몰입이 안됨.비록 플레이할 때 약간 짜증났지만 이런 저런 설명이 없어서 차라리 엔딩 후에 여운을 줬던 LIMBO랑 달리 구구절절 얘기는 하는데 결국 개♥♥♥철학같은 느낌임.횡스크롤에 배경은 3d에다가 언리얼엔진 써서 꽤 괜찮은 그래픽같지만 사실 나는 언리얼  왜 썼는지 모르겠음.이거하느니 저렴하고 평점도 높은 LIMBO하세요.
,Not Recommended,211400,10362873,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,RudyMonster,Decent story although that doesn't make up for the sluggish and aggravating controls.  I died more in this game than I have in any other game I have ever played in my 30 years of gaming and that includes crappy E.T. for the Atari!
,Recommended,211400,518055,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Scai,"Deadlight... what a dumb name for a true masterpiece like this.This game is a mix of the original Prince of Persia [for the gameplay], the atmosphere of Limbo and the fast pace of Left 4 Dead, in a really stunning 2.5D environment.Believe me one more time, buy it without any doubt. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,211400,7935402,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Roy D. Jones,"In my opinion, this game is a grungier version of Limbo.  I love the comic book art style, the story-telling, the voice acting, and the gameplay; mainly the parkour.  I love it when there's parkour in a zombie apocalypse themed game; it makes it more fast pace, and, at times, hectic when some of the puzzles require some quick thinking and reaction.  Don't think i can ever complete 'nightmare' mode though; too hard for me to handle.  Awesome game! BUY IT!"
76561198059529979,Not Recommended,211400,10462092,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Big Heart,"Deadlight, boy oh boy have I ever been embarrassed by this little purchase. To keep things brief, after spending fifteen dollars on the title, I played through the entire game in a single sitting; twice. My full six hours come from two full playthroughs, and the brief idle-time following each while I left my computer to walk off my disappointment.My experience aside, Deadlight does manage to grip its player in the beginning, with a slightly more interesting than usual take on a zombie game, though the interest dwindles as the story begins to grasp for straws, quickly ending with the game as it abruptly ends seemingly in the middle of the story's climax.If you go on to later finish the game on Nightmare difficulty, there is an alternate ending which desperately attempts to redeem the original game, but it is too little, too late.4/10"
,Recommended,211400,10390629,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Sammaster (Linux),"Probably the best graphics on a side scroller platform, powered by Unreal Engine (Unreal engine recently got ported to Linux, horay!). 4,5 hours to finish the normal mode, which unlocks the ""Nightmare"" mode. Gameplay consists of running, jumping over obstacles, climbing and avoiding the zombies as bullets are scarce. It looks like the game wants to become Prince of Persia when it grows up, but doesn't achieve this, not by far. A better narrator (see Nihilumbra or Bastion) would really add to the atmosphere. I got it on discount and it was worth its price.Graphics 10/10 (for a side scroller)Sound & narration 7/10Gameplay: 7/10"
,Recommended,211400,1260623,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Mach82,Digging the art style and story/voice acting wasn't bad either. Controls were bit frustating few times. Liked a lot.
,Recommended,211400,6261329,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,DIN,Отличная игра! Минусом могу назвать только короткую продолжительность.
,Not Recommended,211400,8437352,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Enbo,"Sounded like it would fill my craving for a good zombie game, But was quickly dissappointed to find out it was a side scroller =/.. Trying not to judge the game without trying it, I proceeded to at least give it a shot and found it unbearably boring. You can hit a zombie with your axe a ridiculous amount of times without it dying, Even if you're hitting its head. Only by luck did I manage to take ones head off with 1 swing of my axe during a run. It's insanely easy to shoot them in the head, they just line up and die.Why is Randall expected to survive a zombie apocolypse, but he can't even swim? He can wall jump and grab ledges, climb a full scale building with some epic parcore, But he can't swim?Wish I could refund T.T"
,Recommended,211400,8456063,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Doez,Awesome side scroller game with great graphics... and it's only $2.99.  I think this is one of the best purchases I've made over the holiday sales.
76561198068189014,Recommended,211400,8456873,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Freeman,"This game has something especial to it, the dark backgrounds which you interact with, the great soundtrack, the camera changes, and a great story with a twist, it´s kind of emo-zombie and i loved it from beggining to end.It´s true what Spalls says about the controls being not all that good, they are a little limited, but 40 attemps...cmon! mostly the game has some hard parts, and i guess this guy just got frustrated...well anyone would after 40 attemps, but if you take your time to do the things you need to do right and not rush in to it every time you respawn, that wont happen."
76561197972576534,Recommended,211400,8457234,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shotsatrandom,"This is a fantastic game. Well paced intro to the skills you need, clever puzzles, graphics are wonderful and I find myself stopping just to look around. Highly recommend this to anyone who likes platformers and zombis!"
,Recommended,211400,8457542,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,schauni,Perfect.....just perfect. If you're Zombiefan and you like games like limbo than is this a must have ;)
76561198031756208,Recommended,211400,8459110,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,D4V3,"Brilliant game, so gritty, tough, exciting, stressful. Great platformer style zombie puzzle game"
,Recommended,211400,8459262,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mr. Mxyzptlk,"I am floored so far by the gameplay. Cutscenes are classic and cool, voice acting is off IMO... but not bad either. Scary too!"
,Not Recommended,211400,8459663,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Devon,You have to wear pants in this game. 0/10Oh and the games complete garbage...
76561197961243544,Recommended,211400,8460152,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Daijoki,"Very nicely put together - enjoyable play mechanic with a novel point of view.  Can be a lot of fun running around dodging or nailing zombies - although can be frustrating at times, especially in some areas where split second timing is required to get through a tricky area or you can't progress...  Essentially a decent platformer with a zombie twist and some weapons thrown in.  Extremely atmospheric and draws you in nicely to the both the main storyline and backdrop of the world falling apart.Definately worth a shot."
,Recommended,211400,8557408,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ZƐZZƐX,"In every review, Deadlight is compaired to Limbo. Sure it's a side-scrolling puzzle platformer, but thats where the similarities end.  Deadlight has better graphics, better gameplay, great voice acting and better story. IMO this game is just a lot more fun then Limbo."
,Recommended,211400,4097123,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,BRAND DELIVERY,своеобразно
76561198031611408,Recommended,211400,7907063,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,helix,"Love high-end graphics platformers as a general rule, and I totally dig the pre-90s canada alternate history deal. Special attention was definitely given to abience. Probably the only platformer ever that has succeeded in jump-scaring me.  Zombies in the background will often make their way to the forground before chasing and attacking you; this lends a really intriguing tension building mechanic to the game, while giving the player time to plan and react. It's important to note that this game is tough as nails lending mainly to the fact that it is infact not 'full controller supported' as advertised. I begin playing with the controller only to later find that my revolver can be neither sighted nor fired with the contoller and that I still have need of a mouse. Annoying. A console gamer attempting to play expressly with the keyboard: ragefaces were designed for this very occurence. Either completely map the controller, or don't at all."
,Recommended,211400,8558913,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Anonchy,"One of my favorite games of all time. Gameplay is solid, and the game looks fantastic. The story is that of a typical zombie apocolypse game, but with a few well thought out creative twists. Definitely recommend buying, but I'd wait for a sale as $15 is rather expensive for such a short game."
,Recommended,211400,8566819,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Hannibal EASY,"Good game overall. Campaign is just the right length at about 3-4 hours (depending on how much you die :D) Most of the people bashing the game probably either A) Didn't beat it, or B) Don't like the genre.I reccommend this game 100%"
76561198018019706,Recommended,211400,8567186,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ЯADIO,Best 2D game since Duke Nukem
76561197971294566,Recommended,211400,8567714,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Oracle Dragon,"Nice indie zombie game with an interesting premise. A bit on the short side, it should run between 3-4 hours to complete it, though additional unlockables and a nightmare mode do provide some reason to replay it. The graphics are quite nice with excellent animation; being a port of an XBLA title, this also controls perfectly with a 360 controller if you happen to have one.Death occurs freqently in this game, often times to a drop or trap that you never saw coming, however the frequent checkpoints and quick reloading means this does not present a large obstacle. The gameplay and presentation somewhat resembles Limbo.Given the short length and ease of play, full price ($15 CAD as of this writing) seems a bit steep, but when picked up for a few dollars on sale it is quite worth the investment."
,Recommended,211400,8568397,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Empress Emma ♕,Neat as hell sidescroller zombie game. Thoroughly enjoy the unique style - veering away from fps zombfest.
,Recommended,211400,8568617,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,KAKASHI®,So much art graphic and absolutely fun gameplay.
,Recommended,211400,8549147,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fennithos,"Great game with an ambient feel for the genre it belongs. This was my first experience with a side-scroller zombie survival game and it was fantastic. I love the elaborate backgrounds, overall gameplay feel and controls feel well refined. The game is a bit short and took about 4 hours to beat (at 85% completion) and about 30-45 minutes to get 100% after game ended. However the chapter selection is easy to navigate and to see where you missed what item per section of the act you played. My only complaint against this game was the voice acting. I loved the primary character and ""The Rat"" voice acting overall but needed to be more refined and most other characters were terribad. Highly recommend this game overall!"
76561198013470048,Recommended,211400,2844120,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Hitch,this is a very good game.
76561198025227137,Recommended,211400,8553784,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,msg5000,Loving this game.  puzzle solving in a zombie apocalypse.
,Not Recommended,211400,8553796,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,squashed,"Full of bugs, with terrible controls. I tried multiple times to finish this game, but in the end I just couldn't do it. Towards the end, the game decides to space out the checkpoints so you end up repeating parts over and over. That wouldn't be too bad if the control were tight, but they're not. I got this on sale for $4, but I definitely would never pick this up for the full price."
76561198009399261,Recommended,211400,8554120,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[NP] dAn84imola,"I've bought this title under sales some times ago. I almost like platform/jump'n run games (i've grown up with the Sonic generation in the 80') and this horror survivor idea is amazing! The game play is well done, but not too long and difficult. Story plot, sound track and narrating comics are really drammatics: a simple masterpice in his rare genre. Also for all the achievements hunter, the ""Nightmare"" mode is practically impossibile to complete without using some cheats."
,Recommended,211400,8382731,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Wuds_Wuds,Cooler Zombie jump and run mit einer recht guten story.
,Recommended,211400,801579,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Addysin,"Jump&Run, nice art, zombies. It is a short game but I enjoyed it a lot! Definitely take your time to explore the world and find everything :)"
,Recommended,211400,8386087,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Splut,"8/10. A typical platformer, but with zombies. Excellent graphics and effects. Sounds are good. Difficulty, storyline, character development, and originality are average. Not a very long game, so you might want to consider getting this only when its on sale."
76561198060603062,Not Recommended,211400,8386277,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mango,Really average.
,Recommended,211400,8388354,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,NegroISO,"2 hours in and I got stuck on a puzzle, too lazy to YouTube a playthrough and now with all the copywrite fiasco I don't even want to bother. Excellent graphics and what seemed to be a good storyline. We need more sidescrollers faux shaux."
76561198034985771,Recommended,211400,8425421,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rush Limbsaw,The pc controls are horrible. I cursed a lot at this game but played it through to the confusing wtf do Canadians think end. If you were ever wondering what would a holmeless Canadian with mad Parkour skills and a mental illness do in a zombie apocalypse... Wonder no longer this is your game.
76561198057921918,Recommended,211400,6047129,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,⎠⎞AquanoxGeneral⎠⎞,很好玩，音乐也不错
,Recommended,211400,8429931,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Trap Moses,"A truly beautiful, fun, and breath-taking platformer. There are parts that can be fustrating, but still overall a great experience"
,Recommended,211400,8430005,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,nadia,"Liking the game so far and it is a steal at the price. Definitely a good amount of entertainment. I didn't think I'd like the platforming aspect of the game but so far it's my favorite part! The voice acting is a little corny in places but to be honest, it's a worth a play through."
,Recommended,211400,8430393,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
,Recommended,211400,8430704,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Arkonios,good but a bit short
,Recommended,211400,374339,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,tsn,Great indie game !
,Not Recommended,211400,8430938,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DigitalGibs,"On the surface, the visuals are gorgeous.  The environments are a clear example of the power of Unreal Engine crossed with the skills of the artists who worked on this game.  The lighting was superb and the texture quality was just right for the game's distant camera.  Even the character animations were clearly top notch motion capture.  The player had smooth transitions for nearly every action he could take from climbing a ladder to an attempted dead-stop after a sprint that causes him to slip as he reaches for something to hold onto.  It's all very striking, but in there lies part of the problem.Games like Super Meat Boy are built on one simple principle, the player is always right.  The visual fluidity of the character's actions come second only to the player's input.  This allows a platforming character to land seemingly impossible jumps in a predictable manor.  The main character in Deadlight suffers from the fact that animations trump input.  The player will often walk right off a ledge or miss a jump because the physics could not line up with the player input.  Even at a rock solid 60 frames per second, the character always seemed to take 1 step too many before a long jump or just after.  This, mixed with Super Meat Boy-like brutal jumps, lead to more frustration than enjoyment.  Some jump ""puzzles"" came down to a simple battle of attrition where I would have to jump over spikes or traps repeatedly until the physics finally did what I wanted them to do.  I can recall several times where I restarted at least 30 times over to pass an unreasonable jump puzzle, only to be trolled on the next screen by a pit or more spikes or yet another trap - forced to do it all again.  This game could have been better if it just got out of it's own way.Speaking of getting in it's own way; let's talk about the writing for a moment.  This crappy review is like Shakespeare compared to the complete mess that is the writing of this game.  The one-note main protagonist makes me want to jump into a pit of ""Shadows"" every time he opens his mouth.  (note: ""Shadow"" is a zombie in this game... yeah I know, don't get me started).  The character is constantly tossing out cheesy ""damn dirty apes"" type of comments and stating the obvious like, ""that's gun fire"" after a weapon fire can be heard and, ""that's a car crash!"" after screeching tires come to a stop with a sudden crash.  Thanks Captain Obvious, I'll call you if I need someone to tell me what it sounds like when I take a♥♥♥♥♥♥next time.  The story is as flat as the characters and it plays out like something that a 5 year-old wrote in French, then Google translated it Swahili and then to English.  Sadly, this would have been a much better game if it was completely void of conversation.Deadlight is a game filled with promise, but it does little to reach that promise.  With loose jump mechanics and terrible writing, this game falls apart in more ways than I'd like to admit.  The zombie theme and gloomy but gorgeous visuals seem too good for what ultimately turned out to be a heaping mess of misplaced good intentions."
76561198077963403,Recommended,211400,8431910,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sliced Bread,"AMAZING! I would highly recommend this game. The story is very intresting and the ending is impressive, the art in this game is very good and the content definently reaches whats expected of it!"
76561198106567758,Recommended,211400,8431939,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pavlonian,"cheap only 1.99 at moment and looks great, 2d adventure in walking dead style - best played with joypad which i got today from tesco, xbox 360 wired controller just plugged into win7 and got drivers off site and game works well.(http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-controller-for-windows)Atmospheric, nostalgic reto-ish gaming for a quick 10 min play when time is tight. A steal at a cheap price :)"
76561198083379623,Recommended,211400,8418221,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ChickenKu,GOOD GRAPHIC AND GOOD STORY GAME. But i need the controller instead of keyboared really.
76561197969622138,Recommended,211400,8419687,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Thradar,Very cool zombie platformer for $3 if you manage to get it on sale.
,Recommended,211400,8420212,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,shakamaiden,Amazing Game!!!! It really has suprised me!
76561197965110899,Not Recommended,211400,8420249,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,coolbox,"Last 2/3 of the game is a pile of garbage, worst level designs ever. Sluggish controls NOT A FAN"
76561198007508371,Recommended,211400,8420284,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Chaplain 5-15,Its great for the 360 controller but kind of gets old trying to solve puzzles and some parts are harder than they should be.
,Recommended,211400,8420809,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dalton,"I've been wanting this game for awhile and finally got my hands on it for the really low price of 2.99, I personally love this game, the lighting, the whole atmosphere is just amazing.This game is basicly a platformer with zombies coming at ya.7/10"
76561197988645211,Recommended,211400,8422355,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Saulomon Grumbles,for 3 dollars most def worth it. 1 time play through though because game play and story are not amazing.
,Recommended,211400,8422885,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Migel,gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
,Recommended,211400,8423794,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Freddie.pp,"9/10.....It's not like any others zombies games.....Just ""Save yourselves""."
76561198068346627,Recommended,211400,8424212,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ChrisPBacon,Awesome!
,Recommended,211400,8424227,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Morticide Baen'ath,"If you played & enjoyed prince of persia (1989), then you'll love this.Near identical, just slightly better graphics, and zombies.  GG."
,Recommended,211400,9071081,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Type-93 Long Lance Torps,"* frantically presses 'R' button *"" There's too many of 'em! Run !! """
76561198049094801,Recommended,211400,9084781,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,InvisibleOreo,"This game storyline is pretty amazing. The details of a plateform game with 3D effects is really nice!If you like adventure, puzzle, survival and zombies, you have to try this game! Short and cheap! But really enjoyable!"
,Recommended,211400,2498328,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Kiki Jones,"Another Zombie Game? Yes it is, but just as The Walking Dead, it presents another aspect of a zombie game. The search of a better place to live, with the ones you love... But everything is not what it seems anymore. A melting-pot of Prince of Persia gameplay, The Walking Dead atmosphere, and a close visual feeling of Limbo... Just to give a hint..."
,Recommended,211400,9994033,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Mein Teil,"Its not too bad of a game. It's like parkour with zombies, but in 2.5D. Story is kind of forgettable.Pro:Mildly entertaining""physics"" based gameplay as far as the parkour aspectCon:Story""physics"" based gameplay. It's essentially trial and errorexpect to do a lot of running"
76561198045231284,Recommended,211400,5117787,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Colt,"Its something like first Prince of Persia in post apocalypse world with firearms and  zombie. Beautiful environment and solid gameplay, but ending a bit dissapoints."
,Not Recommended,211400,10018593,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Questerdaniel,"This game is not so good, first thing I gotta say about the pc version( I am not sure if it will happens in other pc ), pause a game by controller always freeze the game... or maybe you need to wait for a long time to see the pause menu shows up. And the control is awful sometimes. ( gosh, LB is reload, RB is run, and unable to change control settings ).And let's talk about gameplay. this game is very linear, and I don't against linear, but they just put some very easy puzzles in this game just feels boring after a while, but the chasing in this game feels good, but puzzles can kill me. and they focus most on this game's story and the atomsphere. And they did it, good atmosphere and the story can draw you to the end. BUT, the story for me just feels like unfinished.When I beat this game I just feel wtf? I beat this? I just thought the best part of this game is coming out but nope, it ends? That's truly what I feel about the game's story.in verdict, Deadlight is not a bad game, but their design on gameplay is so poor and bad control-friendly, the game has good atmosphere and a story can draw you to the end. But only worth 1 playthrough to me. Btw this game is short, but it's a 15 bucks game, worth or not is dealt to what do you think about this game.wish it could help you to choose the game."
,Recommended,211400,10019310,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,/Inzzy?_,"Deadlight does most of the things it does right. It has a good story, good action, good platforming, the whole package is good. There are some movement quirks and animation prioritisation that makes an impact on the game, this however was a design choice that the maker of this game made, and this not been made then this game would not be as immersive as it currently is.Fan of the both side-scrolling game and survival games will be please with Deadlight."
,Not Recommended,211400,10020631,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,JesterOfBass,"This game would've been entertatining.....if it weren't so cripplingly broken.The story is nothing special, but it gets the point across. The CONTROLS, on the other hand, are ABYSMAL. Expect to die numerous times, not because it's a difficult game, but because the controls are delayed, non-responsive, and generally terrible. Oftentimes the game will place you in situations where timing is important, and the only way you'll get through these sections is by sheer dumb luck.There's a lot of trial and error deaths as well. It's kind of like ""Limbo"", but at least Limbo was a good game.Deadlight tries to mix things up with a few different weapons, but they all have one thing in common in that they're mostly useless. The axe may as well be a Nerf foam baseball bat with how much damage it does. The revolver is decent, and you'd expect the Shotgun to be better, but there's virtually no difference between the two, and it doesn't even affect multiple targets the way a shotgun is SUPPOSED to.Graphically it's a pretty game, and it's a cool 2D side-scrolling concept, but it's hard to enjoy a game when you're flinging controllers across the room in frustration.Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,211400,309836,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,RngTillas,"Developed by the indie group, Tequila Works, Deadlight is one of the best zombie games out there.The main character, Randall Wayne, has a deep enough background that made me connect with his character and enjoy the game even more.  If you pick up this gem, make sure to read the diary at the main screen before diving into the game to get the full effect."
,Recommended,211400,1610413,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Cinnus,Now I know why this game is 4 dollars.
,Recommended,211400,2363856,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,panther,I never thought that I will love platformers after Mario. But this one deserves your attention.
,Recommended,211400,10051666,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Mentat,A zombie game for those of us that dislike zombie games.
,Recommended,211400,8027668,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Carlos,"Deadlight is one of the bes platform game I've ever played. Fantastic graphic, and briliant scenario make this game one of my favourite. Maybe is a little to short, but everything what is good feels it's to short.If you like The Walking Dead and other zombies games/movies you'll like it."
,Not Recommended,211400,9957408,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,zero,"I can't recommendDeadlight, even at a steep discount. The game is gorgeous, as you can probably tell by the screenshots in the store page. Unfortunately, visuals areDeadlight's best and only redeeming quality. The main protagonist's monologues are cheesy and poorly delivered by the voice actor. (I personally would have preferred a silent protagonist.) The story is neither compelling nor memorable. The controls are often frustrating, particularly during combat/melee scenarios. Most puzzles are pretty easy, but a few are ridiculously cheap/tricky. I appreciate the unique take on the zombie genre, but there's just not enough here to makeDeadlightworth recommending. Skip it!PROS:-Excellent visuals and aesthetic designCONS:-Cheesy writing and forgettable story-Irritating voice actors (especially the protagonist)-Frustrating controls"
76561198028560409,Recommended,211400,9974194,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,belhizef,"What can I say... This game is simply a masterpiece. A work of art, one of the best games I have ever played. The soundtrack, the story, the gameplay... You can't stop until you finish it - and more than one time. It's demanding at times, but the satisfaction from overcoming new obstacles is undescibable. I recommend it with my whole heart.Best game ever :D"
76561198036190117,Recommended,211400,9975492,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Trash Lord,"Played this as a time killer but that ending, i was not prepared for. ALL THE FEELS. Definetly recommend"
,Recommended,211400,6256216,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,abbab,A nice sesion of parkor.
76561197997624013,Recommended,211400,1762588,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,alta_tabl,Very impressive. In this game no points. No unlimited ammo. No many weapons. I see one good story and this story looks like a truth. Enjoy.
,Not Recommended,211400,8566661,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Frühstück,I like the atmosphere but the game got boring after a couple of ours.Sadly in my steam-graveyard
,Recommended,211400,1294299,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Nice Nahyon,"There are no Zombie Lamps, don't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,211400,409741,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Tasian,"This game was created from a mating of Limbo and Left 4 Dead, basically the zombie apocalypse in a 2-and-a-half D platformer (you're on a rail in a 3D world, but the enemies can wander in from the background and foreground). It is very short, probably 4-5 hours of gameplay tops, maybe an hour more for players going for 100%. The story is alright I guess, though the voice acting and script feels... not natural. However, the gameplay is pretty good, so you should get it cheap if you enjoy platformers. Xbox controller recommended."
,Recommended,211400,8405958,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Synkied,Nice level design and awesome graphics !
,Recommended,211400,5254404,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Jedi,"Bought this game during the winter sale. It is a whole new take on zombie games, story is so so, the side scrolling somehow gives more depth to the game. This game deserves a better spotlight. If I had known this game was this good, I would've even bought it at full price."
76561197970791428,Not Recommended,211400,8406443,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,choldenjr,"Starts great, then completely falls apart. Frustrating controls forced me to stop playing."
,Recommended,211400,8406471,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FPSXGames,"Possibly the best game I've played in 2013, and I only paid £1.99.  2D platform slash 3D graphic backdrop with the whole zombie apoptotic scenes just completes this game.  I highly recommend this if you’re into bloody zombie survival with a story!"
,Recommended,211400,8406560,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,zbiggie,"Good game, with a decent story line. You will figure out the ending more or less half way through the game from events that happen. But still worth it for a side scroller."
76561198014886085,Not Recommended,211400,8406617,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Camion,"The game looks good, very good. The art-direction and the overall ambiance are nice.The story is also interesting enough and the gameplay, when it works, is fine.Problem is, there are major problems with the control. I'd, first thing off, recommend you play with a controller, it makes it more bearable. But still, the control ain't half as responsive than one would hope they would. There is one segment that I did over and over before thinking to myself I was doing something wrong. Went to check a Walkthought to realize I was doing it right, so I got back to it and did the same jump over and over until the game randomly decided that it would work.Buy at your own risk, not a terrible game, but could've been much much better.5/10"
76561198025782091,Not Recommended,211400,8407049,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,<3Less Nobody,This game has a few small problems: Mostly in its controles. Other then that I would give it 7 out of ten
76561198011452455,Recommended,211400,8407089,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Clyde Frog,"This is one of the BEST indie titles I've ever played. If you love zombies, survival, puzzle solving. This is absolutely for YOU! Mario meets, The Walking Dead with comic strip style cutscenes."
,Recommended,211400,8407246,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CraigNobbs,"Pros:- Story and audio commentary are exceptionally well done.- Concept and execution of gameplay are great.Cons:- There are a couple of textures that were glitched/missing.  Verifying local files did not fix the issue.- At times, the controls seemed slow to respond.  (High end gaming PC w/ MS XBox 360 wired controller)Thoughts:- Overall, this game was a lot of fun.  It's worth the cost, especially if it's on sale.(My) Scores:Gameplay: 8.5/10Story: 9/10Graphics: 8/10Audio: 9/10"
,Recommended,211400,8407344,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Scops,"Short but fun.  Similar to Braid or Limbo, this is clearly a game where you are expected to fail frequently, but the game does not make you wait long to try again.Gameplay is fairly tight, and limited resources drive a number of fight-or-flight decisions.  While Randall can hold his own against a handful of enemies, he will quickly find himself overwhelmed if he fails to keep moving.The real draw for this game, however, is the short and effective storyline.  I encourage you to read the diary pages that Randall keeps with him.  He has some with him at the start of the game, while others are found along his journey.  They will add a lot of context to the interactions he has with other characters, and make the ending more meaningful."
,Recommended,211400,8407345,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Slackiller,pretty fun
,Not Recommended,211400,8407347,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dr. Banana Wafflez,Have to say I don't really care for Deadlight at all. I honestly got stuck at an early point where they wanted you to do some run and jump trick. Then they give you a place where you have no chance to practice it. Doing it wrong leading to your instant death. After about 20 tries I went online to try and find help on the matter. See if it was a known bug or what have you. Noting some people saying they finally got it to work for them after about an hour of trying. Sorry I'm not that patience. But I I did give it maybe 40 total attempts before I said F this. Thats not a player error at that point thats a problem with the game. Steam shows me having 177 games. Ive played different ones all types for years now. I put less then two hours into Deadlight before uninstall. Enough said !
,Recommended,211400,866309,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,eXceLon,"This is a side-scroling platofrmer set in a world filled with zombies. The environment is very artful and beautiful, in a post-apocalyptic sort of way..  The story is very film-noire like, especially with the main-characters narration, reminded me very much of Max Payne in that regard.It does suffer a bit from clunky controls, and a few bugs.  It is a console port.  It's still worth trying, especially for the price."
,Recommended,211400,8408298,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,j0shi,"""Deadlight"" is a good game with bad controls. This 2.5D sidescrolling jump and run has a good zombie atmosphere but lacks in the way you expect Randall Wayne to react in certain situations, as an example trying to climb a fence when running from a dangerous situation. Sometimes he will climb real fast but jump back to the wrong side and kill himself throwing himself in harms way.The puzzles are fun yet somewhat repetitive.If you have good self control, or a lot of money and amazon prime to ship mice, then this is the game for you. Otherwise look for other games.In the end I find it fun so I would recommend this game."
76561198080640043,Recommended,211400,8408476,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mooseamour,sick meaning awsome not lock vomit or anything lol
76561198004525451,Recommended,211400,8408817,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,dakosta,"One of the best two-dimensional games of 2012. (rating:4/5)One of the really worth mentioning characteristicks of this game is that,despite of it being released in a period of time when zombie-apocalypse games were the maistream fashion,it made itself seperate,unique in its own way.With just the right mixture of dark elements and background interaction (semi-3D),this game offers an adventure in a post-apocalyptic world through a different approach than what most of the other games follow.Pros: The atmosphere that this game puts you into is something out of this world.A compliment should be made for the exeptional work on the sound system during the whole playthrough.I highly recommend this to be played with headphones or with a couple of good speakers for maximum efficiency.Cons: The truth is that this game is gonna offer 4 hours of playtime give or take so it's better in my opinion to play it in a single evening-night rather than ""break it"" to 2-3 parts.Because of the small duration I understand the concern of some people in regards to value for money with this game,even though the nightmare mode is practically unbeatable and can make you invest 200-300 hours if you try to beat it without checkpoints(I ,for one,didn't even try it) .It is true that the price is kinda high,so I wouldn't recommend picking this up if not in a >40% sale. Finally,don't expect the story to be amazing,astonishing,touching etc.    in a 4h game where you run for your life most of the time.Overall,a pretty nice game if you want to spend a nice Sunday night alone at homethat will probably have more of a positive than a negative impact on you."
,Recommended,211400,8409311,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dominus de Geth,"The game has a fantastic art style and atmosphere, gameplay is enjoyable (I played it with K&M) but can be frustrating at times (at least until you watch a walkthrough for the part you got stuck at), it was a bit too short but that was to be expected from an indie game like this, the story wasn't satisfying at all tbh, it just felt rushed and didn't really stick with me so I doubt I will be replaying this game again any time soon but maybe I would someday, just to collect the few missing steam cards and only after I completely forget the game.I give this game a 6 out of 10. Buy this game for cheap and give it a try, at least for the art style and gameplay, just don't expect to be blown away by the story."
,Recommended,211400,8410027,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wolf,very goog game
76561197971060170,Recommended,211400,8410479,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mathew,A fairly decent game which can easily be picked up and played. I personally prefer using the xbox controller than the keyboard.
,Recommended,211400,8434202,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cpt.Feel,"I can't believe it's been so long since i've actually played this game and i haven't recommended it. The exact number of hours on my record represent the time i needed to finish the game, top to bottom (also with a little time spent on figuring out how to do some of the puzzles), and it might seem pretty short, which it is, but at the right price, this game makes one of the best platformers you'll ever play. Despite its short length, and maybe its lack of replayability (this is my case, i don't really know about others), but the atmosphere and the endless presence of challenges will probably keep you in front of the computer until you finish it within the first time you've run it."
76561198043356212,Recommended,211400,4922776,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Dux,It only took a couple of hours to finish but its well worth it. They focused more on trying to get away then mowing everything down which is a nice change.
76561197992990650,Recommended,211400,8434850,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,tahoalake,After the first steps.... And.... I just trying to do my best.... to stay alive... Stunning!!!!:-)))
76561197970555883,Recommended,211400,428512,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Saeros1080Ti,"Quite interesting game, This one presents you with  a diary in which i can read pretty much what happened before the story. It is an interesting way to present a game intro but some wont like to have  to read pages of text... As for gameplay it is a platform game with some puzzle elements and they arent too hard either.  Music wise this is a masterpiece in my book, its moody, atmostpheric music that set a very nice tone and fits perfectly the game.I personally got the soundtrack version of the game and im glad i did... maybe a bit pricy for an idie game but in the end im happy.I can compare this game to Limbo, but i think its even better, u get more attached,the Zombie theme feels familiar... basically a must."
76561198062793940,Recommended,211400,8437147,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tr1gger.H8ppy,Nothing complicated to say here. A really fun and simple game.  This is one of my favorite time killers.
76561197983644643,Recommended,211400,8437223,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,oBradFrumos,"Excellent game, excellent graphics and great gameplay experience. I would recommend this to anyone who likes indie, platform, zombie games. Plus the story seems really nice."
,Recommended,211400,8438613,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Grand Master Lenin,"A truly gripping story. One of the best side scrollers I've ever played. Good zombie survival element, not just about shooting them all but instead weapons are a last resort. Cunning will be your most valuable asset. figuring out the puzzels. Of course, if you just want to beat up zombies, you can but i would say if thats all you want to do then this game isnt for you. But for a more story driven zombie apacolypse with one of the finest stories ever woven for such a dark dark world, Then this game is definatly for you. Easy controls, great story and around 6 hours of single player brilliance. All for £2. Dont think about it. Just buy it. You wont regret it"
,Not Recommended,211400,8439257,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jim Jams,"The controls are annoying, and it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ The story is cliche and the game is constantly killing you for no reason. If you do buy this, which I do not recommend, use an Xbox or PS controler otherwise your gonna flip your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing quickly because of the horrible controls. Did I make that clear yet? It controls like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is ♥♥♥♥ing Annoying and will make you want to destroy your computer just so you never have to see it again!"
,Recommended,211400,5241550,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,Joscco,"Decent survival horror/platforming. The game has solid visuals on the Unreal Engine 3, as well as a good atmosphere and a decent storyline that branches out further into the main characters diary. There isn't a whole lot of exploration, but there are secrets you can pick up along the way off dead bodies, or in rooms you might've passed up.Playing with the mouse and keyboard can be a little frustrating in spots when you're being chased, or dodging things from above. There are some small puzzles in the game, but nothing overly difficult and some of the areas are more trial and error than anything else. The fighting in the game is solid, but sometimes basically running past zombies and getting to the next area is your best bet since your character doesn't take too many hits before dying.Overall, it's a decent game that could've been better especially in length, but a solid platformer worth trying out."
,Recommended,211400,6991253,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Ady^✌ )),"7/10 A great 2D game. The music that accompanies you is very well chosen and the graphics ... amazing. Control is not bad, just classic."
76561197962183161,Recommended,211400,113743,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Cugamim,"Bom game, pra quem gosta de desafio este nao oferece muito, a jogabilidade não é das melhores, os controles te deixam na mão nas horas mais cruciais do  game, mas enfim e um bom game, com certeza terá algumas horas de diversão.Minha nota para este game na escala de 1 a 10: 06"
,Not Recommended,211400,8399115,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Landfizzle,"It's visually interesting and sometimes the gameplay is fun, but the writing is terrible. Also long sequences without checkpoints make for a lot of frustration. I have no interest in replaying or seeing a sequel. I'd love this format applied to a decent zombie apocalypse story, though."
,Recommended,211400,6701927,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Minisori,Amazing!
,Not Recommended,211400,8402381,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Treygreen13,"Visually impressive, but couldn't keep my attention."
,Recommended,211400,8402683,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NLS,"Great game and story. Controls remind me a bit of the original Prince of Persia, and can be a bit tricky at times. Graphics look nice and the visual style is great. My only problem was game length, which was about 4 hours for me. For that price though, I guess it's ok."
,Not Recommended,211400,1158073,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,PhyTime,"This game is NOT Optimized for computer use, frustrating, scenimatic sucks, and zombies are hard to kill even with a AXE wtf."
,Recommended,211400,8402769,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Darmin,"It's a fun puzzle/action game that brings updated graphics to the typically ""vinatge"" genre of 2D scroller games."
,Recommended,211400,8402814,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Trepidine,"If you like zombie survival and puzzles, pick this up."
,Not Recommended,211400,8402987,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,premeditated,Meh
,Not Recommended,211400,8403162,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wanderer,3/10 do not buy. It was a rather lame 2.5D Zombie game.
,Recommended,211400,7003461,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,punish,Very Nice GameNew GamePlay StyleHighly Recommended :)
,Recommended,211400,8364911,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bloodbite,"Cool platformer. Pretty with a fairly solid method of story telling that was a little Max Payne-ish (both in-game and cutscenes) set in a L4D style zombie world. Of all zombie settings, film or game, it really makes you feel L4D, without the humour mind you.Gameplay itself is great. Well thought out interactions, movement and puzzles didn't feel like puzzles for the sake of puzzles (most of them anyway), though there are some response issues near the end where precision in traversing sections are somewhat harder. Issues that come from the translation from console to keyboard which are not as crisp, code wise, as they should be to handle true precision input. In those moments it felt laggy. and death/failure due to the inability for the game to acknowledge (as in ""at all"", not just late) at times just because of a split second difference that was disagreeable to the ported code. That and the fact that this is yet another game that will only support official XBox controllers and not respond at all with other 3rd party pads... a real shame because those are the two things that pushed me over the line to choose not to replay this in nightmare mode, or again in the future."
,Recommended,211400,8352899,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,HMTKSteve,This is a fun side scrolling game. There are a few annoying levels where it is not always obvious what the game wants you to do to advance and there were also times when your timing had to be 100% perfect else you will die.For the most part a fun game.
76561198073562039,Recommended,211400,8353618,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,shovel,"I just wanna warn you, playing this game on keyboard will make you miserable. The controls kinda suck every ledge i climb Randal climbs over it goes on the other side and climbs again, its very flawed but aside from the controls its not too bad a game."
76561197970516402,Recommended,211400,8355653,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BossJediMonkey,"A GORGEOUS side scroller. I give the art direction a 10 but the gameplay is more frustrating than fun. 6 out of 10. Buy it on the cheap. Like a painfull tattoo, it's art but it ♥♥♥♥in' HURTS."
76561198037437118,Recommended,211400,4455161,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,PhysXR,"Очень атмосферное, интересное и красивое приключение в зомби - апокалипсисе.ИМХО:8.5"
,Recommended,211400,488689,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Catskinz,Badass Game!
,Recommended,211400,8301566,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,dnascimento,"I was really surprised with the visuals because the game has gorgeous levels with cities full of life (or undeads, if you will) and great story told with a top level animation that got me hooked up with the game and the plot. I was really curious to know what happened with the main protagonist family and I gotta tell you: I wasn't disappointed in the end.In this game you have limited ammo and stamina, what means that you are not invencible and sometimes fight is not the best option. When you start fighting your character gets tired and start to move accordingly, moving the axe with difficulty for example.Had an amazing fun playing this game and I recommend to anyone who likes a good plataform game."
,Recommended,211400,3094680,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,SAM PAPANOMALY WOLFSJUNGE,"Si quieren jugar a este juego deberán, posiblemente, pasar por varios disgustos antes en lo referido a configuraciones y problemas de video y de controles, tanto joystick como teclado. Una vez pasado esos obstaculos se puede disfrutar de un muy buen juego. Me tuve que armar de paciencia, pero ahora lo estoy disfrutando bastante."
,Recommended,211400,8664566,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mopopolis,"Quite a fun little side scroller, good story and setting, can be a little challenging at times with combat and running sections, but overall a good game8.5/10"
76561197968853667,Not Recommended,211400,8665341,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Crono,"It's got a nice aesthetic, but the gameplay leaves much to be desired. The controls can be kind of janky (I played with a 360 controller), and it just wasn't terribly fun. Not a bad game, but your time and money is probably best spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,211400,8668301,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BJennyC,"First of all, it's not a hard game. Second, it's a zombie game (who would have thought). And third, it is a 3D sidescroller. Confused? No need for it. You play in a typical sidescroller manner, embedded in a 3D environment. And that's visually appealing, even if the game lacks of detailed graphic settings. No wonder, it's a console port. And you notice it, unfortunately. Audio errors during cutscenes (in the forums you'll find possible solutions) and clunky controls. The latter is, in some sections where you have to react fast, extremely annoying and really inexcusable for a sidescroller. You can rebind the keys, but the problem here are the character animations. They look good, but they also get you in trouble if timing is necessary. But there are also good sides. As I said, the visual style is appealing, the PC requirements are not very high and you can have quite a few hours of fun. All in all, it could be worse. But it could also be much better if they would have invested a little more work into the PC version. If it's on sale you can give it a try. That's what I did."
76561197976696091,Recommended,211400,8658615,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BECK,This was a very good game. Great story and gameplay.
,Recommended,211400,7121408,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,A_Myth,"Finally finished the game - although towards the end it gets a bit tough to pick up all the items. But I will definitely come back to this and complete my achievement chart. Definitely a replayable game. I had to get some help in final chapter to get through to the next level. Well written, and planned at every step. Though the controls will take a bit getting used to. I hope they will release an update to fix the responsiveness. Overall, this game is long enough for the price tag and will give you the sweaty palms that every horror/action game should.* This isn't a game just about zombies survival. The story will keep you gripped all the way till the end.8/10"
,Recommended,211400,8659533,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Geronimo,Great platforming game for those who have played and loved Limbo.
,Not Recommended,211400,5433228,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,RaviN,"Not happy with the port of this game. It still has loads of♥♥♥♥♥♥in it from the xbox version. Also hate the way it always holds your hand while you play, ie telling you what to do and where to go - so personally i recomend you buy LIMBO rather than this game ^"
,Recommended,211400,8538742,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BileWing,"If you enjoy old school Platform jumpers like Metroid and newer games like Shadow Complex and Limbo, you'll love this game. The style is great and the action is well paced.There is an issue with some of the jump mechanics in the beginning, but you get to know the controls rather quickly. I recommend a Controller if you have one. Good job game designers!"
,Recommended,211400,8539620,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,GoSHA,Fantastic !!! This game made me love Platformers again !
,Recommended,211400,4493626,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Švedski Šved iz Švedske,"Great game. The story is quite decent, the style of the graphics is great aswell, and I loved the gameplay mechanics. One thing I hated about the game though, is that it's locked at 30FPS, so it's quite hard to aim with a mouse, all-in-all though, I'd recommend it for the price point."
76561198091896493,Recommended,211400,8526843,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,sparrowstars,Zombies! Platforming awesomeness!
,Recommended,211400,9739086,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,HellRazoR0520,"Although the game is pretty short (about 3 hours) it is a fantastic game with a lot of great puzzles to solve.  The suspense of trying to get a puzzle solved while zombies are coming after you makes it that much better.  Although there are some frustrating parts, once you figure them out it's really quite good.  I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,211400,9435996,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,bolo591,I bought the game long time ago for a discount Xmas price... About $7 at the time and it took me about 7hours to finish. So it was $1/h of gameplay... Not too bad for a good game which can be hard to play on keyboard (doing some key combo at some point can be extremely frustrating).Overall game was good with a good zombie-like atmosphere.  Go for it if the price is right.
,Recommended,211400,2382414,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Silver,"Worth playing once for all who loved Limbo, Left 4 Dead, The Last Stand series (Flash game) and the zombie franchise in general :) Buy the soundtrack edition if you can"
76561198041682610,Recommended,211400,9441104,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,cyranocoyote,"I liked the puzzle solving, trying to find your way around without using a weapon (which was made easier in the early game by not giving me a weapon). However, when precision control use is required, the clunky and slow to respond controls are problematic. The 'bad guys' with guns' were, I thought, ham handed and poorly motivated, and the ending was dissatisfying. The first half of the game moves along nicely, but things bog down a bit down the home stretch."
76561198111538561,Recommended,211400,9584749,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,j4y8on3,"good puzzle scoller... if I can call it that?(my best description) some replay value after you complete it on normal (5 or 6 hours).  higher difficulties would cause me to lose my hair, maybe I'll try one day."
,Recommended,211400,851080,"Posted: 18 November, 2012",all,tehOMGfather,Great puzzler with solid controls and an equal amount of action. Think of it like Limbo except with zombies.
,Recommended,211400,9580125,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Neoprofin,"Starts off little slowly but it will draw you in. Gameplay mechanics are as expected. Move, jump, sprint, wall jump, melee attack, ranged attack, use key. I was a getting a bit negative when I wasn't blown away in the first 15 minutes but like most games that time was simply introducing basic mechanics. Once you've got all your skills the game is entertaining and moves at a comofortable pace. It has a few challenging moments but nothing that seems unfair,Solid mechanics, destinct and enjoyable presentation."
76561198031233204,Not Recommended,211400,9416127,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,DieVideo,Stupid worthless trial-and-error mind-numbing no-brainer. Perhaps the whole point is to make the player become one of them zombies. Lol. Reviews are biased. Don't buy this piece of c..p!
,Recommended,211400,9618229,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,SinisterMage,Great game!
,Not Recommended,211400,5011789,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,The Real Bob Ross,"Voice acting sucks, characters are annoying, controls like a cow driving a barge on ketamine.  Stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t instadeath situations for unintuitive♥♥♥♥♥♥  Don't buy it."
76561198035293488,Recommended,211400,9221386,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mango Unchained™,"This game is kind of like LIMBO , Mario other platformers ... The story on this is all about his family its a very interesting story line and throughout most of it most of the obsticles and enemys is a trial and error process. I would recommend it8/10Mango Unchained"
,Recommended,211400,9223529,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Turkletons,Good game with a nice story but it's let down by it's frustrating mechanics.
,Recommended,211400,9158065,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Lacobudera,"fun to play!  I look forward to seeing some DLC content though.  Maybe something like, different characters and their stories, outfits, weapons or possibly work in some type of multiplayer mode, ""horde survival mode"", increasingly difficult puzzle levels.  But, as it stands right now, I LOVE IT!!! 5/5 FUN TO PLAY AND ADDICTIVE."
76561198065040789,Not Recommended,211400,6380598,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,TERROR,DO NOT RECOMMEND! DO NOT RECOMMEND! GAME IS A VERY BAD PC PORT THAT IS VERY BUGGY AND CUTSCENCE SOUNDS DO NOT WORK!....seems like it could have been somewhat enjoyable if that had just spent a little time to get the terrible bugs out of it.
76561198099419448,Recommended,211400,9319023,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,(CAKE) Maverick,"This is one of the better side scrolling action games that I have played. The controls feel a little clunky at times as my keyboard ghosts and doesn't always recognize keystrokes.All in alll, it's a very good game, grab it on sale!"
,Recommended,211400,9326513,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,romeo01,2D can be fun. Good game.
76561198087901509,Not Recommended,211400,9218864,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ADEER,wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211400,9186360,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Warman,"I bought this game after seeing some of the reviews for it and although it is a fascinating side scroller, I would not recommend it.  The story just seems out of place and fragmented.  As for the gameplay, it is definetly not made for a keyboard and mouse.  I found the controls very hard to use without a controller.  Most of the frustration that came with playing was because of these poor controls.The gameplay is also not very varied.  Although it is common for there to not be many elements to gameplay in side scrollers, with this game it just felt like it needed something more.  It was short and hard to get through and not satisfying at all. Hope this helps."
,Recommended,211400,9186479,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,RexConnors,"Very great game, reccomend to anyone. Great story and the puzzles are easy but still keep you thinking. 9/10. The cutscenes didnt have sound for me, it kept bugging out."
,Recommended,211400,457645,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,King Link,"A fantastic 2D side Scroller/shooter.  Similar to Shadow Complex, though more zombies, and no exploration.   Fun levels, and nice short pace."
76561198088755665,Recommended,211400,9304219,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,priospr3,a veeeery nice game...a little short story but totally worth it.!
,Recommended,211400,9305406,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,vegard,"Have you played any games with zombies lately? If you have been playing <em>any</em> games at all in the last two years, there's a very good chance you have set your foot in a post-apocalyptic, zombie-infested world at least once. Because zombies are pretty much everywhere these days. Not literally speaking, of course, but they are in a lot of computer games and it has proven to be a successful recipe for developers: The (very unfinished) stand alone version ofDay Zhas been on the number one spot on Steam's top seller list for weeks now. People must really love their zombies.Personally, I'm not much of a zombie person. The main reason is that I don't enjoy horror, or any horror sub genre. I can take my zombies mixed in with humor,Shaun of the Deadis a great movie, but there's no way I'll never manage to sit throughDawn of the Dead. I think we can safely conclude that I'm a coward.But, in spite of my healthy skepticism towards zombies, the game Deadlight, by Spanish developerTequila Works(there's a pun in here somewhere, I know it), somehow pique my interest. The screen shots looked amazing, the sound track was incredible, and the zombies were so tiny and slow, they could easily be outrunned. Right?So when Deadlight appeared on a Steam sale last year, I finally decided to pick it up. With a real risk of sleepless nights ahead of me - not because I would be playing all night, rather because I would sit in the far corner of our bedroom with a baseball bat, waiting for zombies to bust down the door - I installed the game.And what an install it was. Deadlight weights in at over 4 gigabytes, pretty massive for something that is basically a sidescroller. But there's a reason for this, and a pretty good one, too. Deadlight uses the Unreal engine, and a lot of really great textures to create an amazing looking post-apocalyptic world. It simply looks stunning, and I've found myself stopping from time to time just to have a look at the creator's vision of 1986 Seattle after the apocalypse.What probably adds to the size of the game, and without doubt the complexity of the design and game play mechanics, is that even though Deadlight is a sidescroller, it's not actually 2D: You, playing as Canadian Randall Wayne, can only move in two dimensions: Up and down or left and right, just like in most other sidescrollers. The zombies, or Shadows, as they are called in the game, can sometimes move in and out (or along the Z-axis, if you like) as well, which means that even when everything seems calm a Shadow or five might suddenly come running towards you down a hall you cannot run down yourself.This 2.5D concept is an interesting one, but it sometimes puts you in some particular situations. Your passage might be blocked by a car wreck that you can get over by jumping it, but the Shadows are mostly unable to climb anything, meaning that they can't follow you beyond the car wreck. They could, however, have managed that, had they only moved <em>around</em> the car, something they probably should have been able to, since they just came running up that hallway. But I'm nitpicking.The learning curve in Deadlight is perfectly balanced. As you move through the devastated remains of Seattle, you have to solve the occasional puzzle. They are mostly based around using the environment, moving boxes and hitting specific targets, with a little bit of timing mixed in just to spice everything up. The puzzles are generally pretty easy, and made even easier with the hint messages and environmental highlighting, but both can be turned off if you want to up the ante a little.Wayne's stamina will decrease if you put him through any physical endeavors, like running, hanging from a ledge, swinging the fire axe to decapitate Shadows or any other physical activity. This means that you can't just run around wildly waving your axe: When your stamina runs out, you will get bitten. And when you get bitten, you die. There is no option to save in Deadlight, and saving is done automatically at given checkpoints. Thankfully, the checkpoints are very forgiving and you'll never respawn far from where you died.So, yes, Deadlight is a great game, but it also has a few drawbacks. For some reason, there's no difficulty settings, meaning that if you have beaten the game once, there's no way to beef up the difficulty and make a second play through more challenging. Also, there's no resolution or quality settings and the game will simply max out everything for you. On my laptop, this results in rather sluggish gameplay, but on my desktop it's all right.The most annoying thing about Deadlight, though, is the bugs. I've experienced the odd hangs, especially when going from the game into the game menu, but also during checkpoint loading. The only solution has been to kill the game and restart it. The audio also sometimes disappears during the cut scenes, which was very annoying the first time it happened since I'd turned off the subtitles. It's hard to follow the story told by the cut scenes without the audio and no subtitles. These bugs are the main reason the review score I gave the game is as low as it is, without the bugs, Deadlight would have been absolutely amazing.But if you can live with these shortcoming and bugs and you like puzzle games with zombies, set in a post-apocalyptic world, or any of the genres, you should buy Deadlight. After about 5 hours of gameplay, I'm at 60% completion, and even though I'm not a fast player, the game is good value for money at the current price (€11,99, USD 14.99). If that's a bit pricey for you, though, Deadlight tends to pop up on sale occasionally, so if you're the patient type you can get the next time it's on sale.This review is also available onhttps://www.vegard.net/."
,Not Recommended,211400,9305868,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Thehagengnome,"i don`t like this game at all. the only thing you do is to run trough a 2D world while jumping and running from the scary monsters. and did i mention the terrible story line? you see, when someone really hates you they make a story like this. and by that i mean that they come up with some random concept and then puts it into the game even if it doen`t fit with the aesthetic. and this is a prime example of this. my recommendation is: do not buy this game, instead by a good game, for example half life 2."
,Recommended,211400,1278485,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Jota,"Awesome game, it's a shame it''s so short but the story is really great and really sad. The graphics are beautiful even tho it's a ""zombie-apocalypse"" esque, yet it's awesome to see how they managed to make the zombies come out from the background and attack you, like they were there the entire time and while it's a 2D it feels like the background is alive! Anyone that like the theme should really give it a try!"
,Recommended,211400,8941256,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,< ] The Great KDB cp,Remember that game Limbo?Well Deadlight is the same game but this time there are Zombies!Tough word to the wise use an Xbox Controller to play this properly!!!Its got some good tense moments and thats all I want from a zombie game!Give it a try!
76561198027998498,Recommended,211400,3840249,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Darkestrose2005,One of the most unique zombie games I've played and the art style is just lovely.
76561198012777525,Recommended,211400,7543849,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,apac.radek,Very good game with great atmosphere.
,Recommended,211400,9043882,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Anxifer,"Funny game!Sometimes quite annoying, though"
,Recommended,211400,9047447,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,cK^instigator // Rotten,Fantastic game! I highly recommend it!
76561198078152913,Recommended,211400,9035818,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Yannis,"Absolutely incredible, I've played through a few times and had a lot of fun"
,Recommended,211400,9038951,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,fadden,"Dark, atmospheric, and gorgeous.I don't play a lot of side-scrolling platform games, but I'm glad I picked up this one.  You do your fair share of running and jumping, but you don't need perfect timing or lightning reflxes to pull any of it off.  Death restarts you at a checkpoint, but the checkpoints are close together.The backgrounds are beautiful, and the animation of the humans is amazingly fluid.The story will feel familiar to anyone who plays zombie games or watches The Walking Dead, and the game captures the atmosphere perfectly.  The protagonist's back story, revealed gradually as the game progresses, is unusually dark.The ""run!"" sequences are exhilarating.It's not a particularly lengthy adventure, but it's worth the price."
76561197970474192,Not Recommended,211400,9039108,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,jmpreston,"Sadly, I'm going to have to agree with most reviews on here that Deadlight has too many problems to overcome. The biggest problem, as most note, is the horrendously stiff controls. Combat shouldn't be easy, but in this game the controls are so slow and unresponsive, and the constant death from zombie grapple is so unrelenting, that I quit a few times to play something else as a ""break"" from this game. The constant use of instant, unavoidable death from the environment only added to the irritation.What kept me going, though, was the superb animation, lighting, and level building. The sense of decay in a crushed out Seattle was beautiful in a eerie sort of way. The sound and score are also first-rate, but the story suffers from zombie cliches. It's also odd that the main character, an inveterate survivalist, can't even swim. So after about 4 hours I've had to move on from Deadlight."
76561198020178265,Not Recommended,211400,9023888,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Sarawr,"The controls are pretty finnicky. I keep dying because of problems with the controls, i.e. I climb over a fence, push d to  go right, and the character flips back over to the left side of the fence. The latest one happened in a time-sensitive sequence, so I die every time this happens, and it's consistent. It would be pretty fun otherwise, but we all know how frustrating it is to re-do a section over and over again because of controls."
,Recommended,211400,9027843,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Qothe,Wow. What a great game. 4.5 Stars. One of the best.
76561197995540388,Not Recommended,211400,9028616,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,mxpxp86,"A very pretty game, but ultimately the obtuse direction and the only serviceable story hamper an otherwise straightforward prince of persia w zombies style game."
,Recommended,211400,7555520,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,CorvoArgentum,"Its about survival, not killing- the story is rather complex for a zombie game: which is good."
76561198021133960,Recommended,211400,3342543,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,jazzthehippy,"Gritty but pretty graphics. The platforming and action is engaging and challenging. However, without a lightning-fast reaction, some levels will result in many deaths and re-trys. It has an artistic comic book style way of telling the main story line, which tragically remains muddled, unexplained, and cliché . Overall, the few faults aren't too noticeable over the short play-through of just under 5 hours, and I found this game unique and really enjoyable."
76561197997155469,Recommended,211400,1734823,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,+UZO+,"Great for any fan of zombies and/or old school Prince of Persia style gameplay.My only issue is that it was a bit too short (finished on standard mode in 2-3 hrs or so) but that's not really a bad thing - the story could be wrapped up cleanly and ended before becoming old.  Although my personal preference with zombie games is a heavier focus on the survivalism aspects, rather than the run n' gun aspects, still fun.Also; I think it is possibly the first game I've played made by a Spanish team."
76561197998410113,Recommended,211400,1819704,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,The Power of Pine-Sol,"Deadlight, a fun action/shooter/survival horror/puzzle/platformer.  Music and atmosphere were beautifully done.  After I played just a little bit of it I realized right away why they also offered a package deal with the game AND the official soundtrack.  It's a bold attempt to meld all 5 of the genre's I mentioned above into one game but lets take an honest look at each element they tried to include.  Action (as in combat) was awkward and sticky but after you get your first gun it kinda goes away.  Shooting was fun and fulfilling although they never let you have a gun when you could really use one and vice versa.  It definitely is survival horror because I have never seen a smaller quantity of zombies equaling death ratio before, if only 2 zombies close the distance and grapple you then you may as well reload a save right then because they can combo you from full health to dead without you getting any chance of running or fighting; it intensifies the experience but it's annoying as hell.  Puzzles are barely more complicated than move box to high ledge so you can grab high ledge.  The platforming may be the most fluid part of the game and it's very fun watching this grizzley middle-aged bearded man parkour his way across rooftop after rooftop.Cheap and fun, just the way I like my indie games.  A couple things could have been tweaked here and there but nobody's perfect.  What Deadlight does do it does well and I'll be playing it again soon looking for all the hidden items."
,Not Recommended,211400,9379958,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,mingia99,"Short, boring, and a waste of time.  If you have enough damn zombie games don't buy this.  Typical and predictable.  2/10"
76561197963035431,Recommended,211400,8489108,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Holm,Really bad voice acting.  Storry is kinda dumb.  But cool idea.  Worth it if on sale.
76561197982833337,Not Recommended,211400,8587300,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,RatBastage,"Poor Xbox port. Boring story, controls are so bad that even 1 on 1 killing a zombie on the ground is damn near impossible.The game looks nice but that is about it."
,Not Recommended,211400,8587939,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Will Smith,"Deadlight is pretty, but that's about all it has going for it. It is frustrating due to unresponsive controls, inaccurate platforming and combat, and slow movement during specific actions (e.g. helping another character up a ledge, climbing a ladder or fence, picking something up, etc). The game utilizes a checkpoint save system (it is a console port, after all), which is almost inevitably a bad thing. The pacing of the game is bad, and is made worse by these checkpoints. At certain points the player will be treated to a thirty second ""introductory"" portion where the main character gets up or crawls down a vent, die, and then have to watch him get up again for thirty seconds. For a game that aspires to fast paced, brutal parkour action, having to wait more than a few seconds to get back to playing absolutely bludgeons the pacing. Any tense moments are also nullified by the ease of the game. The story is typical; you are gruff male protagonist Randall Wayne moving through a variety of locales in post-zombie apocalypse Seattle looking for your family. You have a dark past, and you needn't think too hard about the nature of this past when you have hallucinations concering your wife and daughter and the names on ID cards you find are Gacy, Berkowitz, Gein, and the like. It isn't well written, somewhat reminiscent of a forgettable 90's adventure game. It tries to be thought provoking, but fails either because it has nothing new to offer or because it is downright cheesy. The voice acting for Randall is decent, also slightly reminiscent of 90's adventure games. As for everyone else, the quality of the performance ranges from mediocre to ridiculously bad. The children you encounter along the way, as well as the soldiers, are especially bad.Deadlight is a short game, and yet it feels like a chore. Clearly a lot of work went into making the game look excellent, I only wish a little more had been done to make it enjoyable.If you like Limbo then you might enjoy Deadlight. Buy it on sale, otherwise I cannot recommend it.13/86"
,Recommended,211400,8590367,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Sir Joe,"First time I ever played Deadlight was on my friend's XBOX 360 and I was really delighted! The fact the focus was on overcoming obstacles and not on cutting/blasting/shooting zombies got my attention, I needed to see what that game had to offer. Since I had never heard about this game, I accepted the fact that I'd only play it on someone's console, that was when I learned it's been released for PC too! On that momento I knew I had to get this game! If you're still wondering if it's worth buying it, give it a try on someone's game. If you like parkour/zombie games, you'll love it.Graphics:Not the prime astoundingness you're used to see, but it's very well detailed. The scenery are nicely worked, only the zombies that kinda have the same texture. You also have graphic-novel-like cutscenes which add a comic book atmosphere. 10/10Story:Randall is not a super-badass-zombie-apocalypse hero, he's an average guy who's in a survivor group. The story doesn't seem to be the beginning nor the end, just ""a day like any other"". There's tragedy, there's hope, and there's a nice plot twist. Not exaggerated, not too simple, just good. Also you have a lot of secrets to discover, many many of them lay scattered around Seattle, try to find'em all! 9/10Gameplay:Being a scroller, there's not much to say. The idea is simple, you have to run your way beating obstacled using your parkour skills, that's a nice attractive to the game. There are occasional zombies you can't just avoid. Yeah: avoid the zombies whenever you can, they're not that easy to kill, they're pretty tough. Don't get mad when you die a dozen times figuring out how to beat that obstacle, you just will. Pretty soon you'll be betting marathons with your friends to see who beats the game faster (Ahh the PS1 Resident Evil times...)You have guns, but they're not difficult to aim and shoot (remember what I said about the zombies being tough? Good ol' headshots are your best friends as always), you'll get used to them pretty quick.Some people have been saying that there's an issue on command response sometimes. I faced those issues here and there when playing on the keyboard; sometimes a crucial jump didn't work, or some command repeated itself when it really shouldn't and couldn't, oh god T.TI've been playing on the controller so far and didn't get problems anymore. I'd give a 10/10, but to be fair with keyboard users, I give a 9/10.Average: 9/10"
76561198017746793,Recommended,211400,8591035,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Spencer,This game makes me feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Alivedark
76561198089422194,Not Recommended,211400,8575506,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,XxAciDxX,ผมคงคาดหวังมากเกินไปเอง
,Recommended,211400,8635560,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,SevereGastricDistress,More than meet required specs and it causes my laptop to overheat. Poor show indeed.
76561198062895292,Not Recommended,211400,8636059,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Sir Jamy the Strangler,"no.this had a lot of potential, but it made one unforgivable mistake.  it's a trial-and-error deathtrap game which takes a good 5-8 seconds to reload after a death.  that is entirely too long.  it sounds like a small number, but keep in mind you're doing this a dozen times for every puzzle.super frustrating."
76561198021560248,Recommended,211400,3368663,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Gravensteiner,"Great platformer with wonderful artwork, a great setting, fantastic sound and besides some rare instances a very motivating and well made design. The story is fine, too and I liked the details of the things you find in the world. For me it was worth every buck even though it was a little short. ;-)"
,Recommended,211400,8641120,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Hardcorehobbes,"At first i wasn't sure about this game. How could a 2d sidscroller compete with the big greats like Skyrim and the like? I was pleasantly surprised (and often jumped out of my computer chair haha) at how good this game was. And it scared me, making me jump on more than one occasion. Well done guys, I don't scare easy :)"
,Recommended,211400,8641497,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Professor Loki,Thanks to this game I have learned that the only way to parkour is dressed like a hobo and carrying a gun. 10/10
76561198106831782,Recommended,211400,8642981,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Lemon,"I didn't know how good a platformer zombie game could be, but I am pleased that this one was fantastic."
76561198039488869,Recommended,211400,4591697,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Bend3r,8/10good story with a great atmosphere
76561198044840907,Recommended,211400,8650149,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Kurk,"This game was an amazing experience from beginning to end.  The artists and level designers have created a game that has its own soul.  I felt somehow changed when I finished it.A thinking person's addition to the zombie genre, your satisfaction as you progress will come from avoiding direct confrontation.  Still, there is enough getting your hands dirty to satisfy those who prefer it."
76561198103182041,Recommended,211400,8651621,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,misadventures,"I wouldn't suggest paying retail, but for the $3 I spent, I'm happy with this pretty platformer."
,Recommended,211400,1750630,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Conradson,"Jeu de plate-forme/action vu de côté, ambiance sombre et zombie dans un scénario de série B très classique.Côté esthétique, le jeu s'en sort bien, même si l'aspect trop sombre de certains lieux nuit à la lisibilité de l'action : du coup on meurt en tombant dans des pièges assez bêtement, mais c'est peut-être un effet (énervant) recherché. Le jeu est globalement facile, mais contient quelques passages frustrant - mais dû à la maniabilité lors de l'enchaînement de plusieurs actions.On sent l'inspiration de Prince of Persia, Another World et Flashback dans les anciens jeux, mais aussi de Limbo plus récemment. Le produit n'est pas pourtant à la hauteur de ses ainés et n'est finalement que peu original, car il reprend les codes des jeux indés actuels avec des cinématiques en dessins effet comics mal animés, auquel a été ajouté un scénario surfant sur la mode des zombies.Malgré ces défauts, le jeu étant assez court et rythmé (entre 3 et 4 heures en prenant le temps de chercher des secrets), le plaisir est suffisant pour aller jusqu'au bout. Bien pour pas cher, 2/5"
76561198073909852,Recommended,211400,8655221,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Obsidian1964,"I highly recommend this game. Deadlight is one of the most challenging and entertaing 2D scrollers I've ever played. The graphic are powered by the Unreal Engine so you can't go wrong. I'm really surprised by the twists and turns of the storyline and how you're challenges mesh together with the story, My only complaint is that sometimes, on certain levels the scenery is quite small but the gameplay more than makes up for this shortcoming. I give it an 8 out of 10. Get this game on the cheap and play!"
76561198044081471,Recommended,211400,8625932,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,pipboy20k,"Many say, the controls are really bad.Well, they could probably be better, but i have actually seen much worse.But still, one playthrough, my first, took me roughly 4.5 hours.Really great Atmosphere. Bought it for close to nothing (~2€) on one winter sale IIRC. Definetly worth it.Worth some more as well.I liked it."
,Not Recommended,211400,2866893,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,-L-,"This game is a failed Shadow Complex mod! How an 5-7 hour game gets these high reviews is that critics/game editors don't actually pay for their games.  I mean come on!  I thought the shortest they got was 'Dihonored' at 17 hours.  The maximum I'd spend on this game is $5 and I'd still be upset over the waste of time.  This game brings nothing new or innovative to the table, even the writing and plot are cliche and dry."
76561198015897660,Recommended,211400,8628603,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Deus.of.War,"Really good atmosphere game, very well done and enjoyable."
76561198005679785,Recommended,211400,8733641,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Auma,"This game is one of those games where it's occasionally (or, in some sections, very often) difficult to tell what is in the foreground and is an object that can be interacted with, and what is in the background.  When it works the game is fun, but when it doesn't work you end up frustrated and angry because the game has suddenly become NintendoHard.  The gameplay is mostly fluid, but until you get the hang of jumping you'll die more than the original Prince of Persia.The dialogue, however, is often extremely stilted.  The game was created by a Spanish game company and it occasionally shows.  For instance, they thought that Ronald Reagan was the Prime Minister of America.  In other places the words present in the character's journal or the way sentences are structured in the dialogue make everything sound extremely artificial to the point of making potentially dramatic scenes laughable.If you can grab it for a low price, and enjoy platformers, zombies, and things that are trying to be The Walking Dead In Seattle, do so, but you may not want to pay through the nose for it however much you might like the above."
76561198004407950,Not Recommended,211400,8733656,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Akosce,"The game was almost enjoyable. It plays like a less intuitive Limbo, but with additional features. It is the less intuitive part that frustrated me like no game has in many years, and by 75% of the way through the game all I wanted to do was uninstall it. I kept on, and I did finish it after giving it a rest for a week, but unfortunately the end was not worth the pay off. Maybe I'm just sick of the zombie tropes, or maybe I'm just heartless, but in the end I simply did not enjoy this game.Play it if you want, it gets cheap during the sales, and the artwork is great, but I still say your time is better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,211400,384451,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,szedy,Awesomely atmospheric spin on the zombie survival genre. short but worth it.
,Recommended,211400,7857701,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Noah,"The Visuals are stunning, and the quality is perfect.  The voice acting was a treat, as I'm not too picky on how good it was as the story was amazing.  The gameplay was pretty good as it was a mixture of close-calls and flesh eating Zombies.  The characters are pretty decently fleshed out as you learn into the back story of the main character.I'd say this game is worth it! Espcially if it's on Sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,8750640,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Valstorm,"Deadlight is a great looking Zombie sidescrolling action game, it's mostly about running away from things and timing jumps with the occasional need to use a pistol or the shotgun if you cant handle the foe with your fire axe. I feel like this game never really stood up to the potential it had - the ending comes all too quickly and there's no real challenge to the game, even in the final level.Only took about 2-3 hours to complete."
,Recommended,211400,447704,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Niotex,"A man looking for his lost wife and daughter in an zombie infested Seattle during the mid 80's. While initial impressions invoke a sense of ""metroidvania"", the game ends up falling short by funneling you through too linear a path. Initial chapters are strong but the game loses it's way at the midpoint when encountering a character known only as ""The Rat"". Once you've pushed on beyond his seemingly out of place chapters the game picks up once more. And while it's ending may seem abrupt and even a little cheesy, it is still worth seeing through till the end. I'd recommend getting it on a sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,8787661,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mikey,"It starts off ok and is actually fun; but there's only about 90 minutes of content in the game. it took maybe 3 hours for me to finish, 90 minutes of content and 90 minutes of retrying the same lame sections of gameplay because there's a cheap shot at the end of a sequence that you couldn't possibly know about so you need to re-do the lot. Or, the character falls through the floor and into eternity.The story is also pretty terrible and almost non-existant. And yes, I got all of the diary pages, it's still a poor story!"
76561198057561364,Recommended,211400,8800053,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Dropbear,Awesome side scroller zombie game.
,Not Recommended,211400,8800818,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,matrinox,mediocre at best
76561197965805461,Recommended,211400,8788905,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Slingshot Y,"Fast paced zombie platformer. Never heard of one until this.  It's great! 3 hours to complete main story. I unloaded nightmare mode, but have not played it.  Good story and all action.  Pick it up!"
76561197996337255,Not Recommended,211400,8793526,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,digimetic,"Meh, the game is OK.  Visually, it's great.  The artwork in this game, and what really attracted me to it, is great.  The audio FX and score are decent enough too, and certainly add to the atmosphere.  However, the game mechanics are really poor. I mean, really poor.  Laggy, wierd phsyics isues, just dumb stuff that's already been figured out in almost every other platform.  It just comes off as lazy development.C-"
,Not Recommended,211400,8778937,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Sorts,"While this game has introduce a clever twist on a classic genre, this game is far from perfect. With an overdone and boring narrative and clunky controls, some parts of this game are unbearable to play through."
,Recommended,211400,8783067,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,300 kills in gorilla warfare,Great story and puzzles. The only bad thing about this game are some trial and error moments.
,Recommended,211400,8251189,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Del Mingus,"Wasn't expecting to like this game as much as i did but i did end up really enjoying it. It's taken a well used scenario ""the zombie apocalypse"" but made a 2D platformer which i haven't seen done before and it works quite well. The game looks great as well with great detailed 3D backgrounds.The only thing that lets this game down a lot is the poor cliched story which felt ripped off from the Walking Dead.I'd recommend giving this game a go if your a fan of 2D platformers. 7/10 for me."
,Recommended,211400,1102030,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,SB32,"Schönes Jump and Run, stimmige Atmosphäre, tolle Stimmen, für ein 2D Läufertitel sehr sehr gut! Grafik top, schön mit dem Gamepad auf der Couch."
,Recommended,211400,3629862,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Fattness,"While not a very long game, (took me approx 3 hours on the first go); the game itself is actually pretty enjoyable. It has a pretty dark tone and color pallette throughout but is a solid side-scroll platformer. If you can pick it up for under 5 dollars consider giving it a try."
,Recommended,211400,8677609,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sue,"This is a 2D game that focuses upon survival in a nightmare world of the living dead. There has been an apocalyptic viral outbreak which has reduced humankind to a handful of survivors.  Those that have the virus are in a zombie state, but this is not your standard zombie shoot 'em up, quite the reverse.You begin in a warehouse having just executed a woman that has been bitten.  The shot stirs up those zombies in the surrounding area and in order to allow your friends to survive, you draw attention away and set out on a single person adventure to reach the nearest safehouse.  Rather than the focus being on shooting the zombies, you use your surroundings to evade, block, taunt and entrap your enemy.  You sneak, climb, leap and run out of trouble.  In the opening stages of the game, if attacked you push the zombie to the floor and move - fast.  There are hotkeys for slingshots (to distract allowing for evasion) and 2 types of gun, but it would seem the emphasis is on finding alternative ways around how to survive.As you play Deadlight, you're looking at a flat 2 dimensional world and your pathway is left or right, up or down.  This is not a remotely open world, but the graphics are quite incredible (I've got them on the highest res and detail setting), they appear hand drawn and are beautifully detailed.  Tones of black, grey and sepia are used to good effect as they serve to emphasise the level of destruction and decay that has occurred.  Background music isn't intrusive, it adds to the atmosphere rather than detracts, and the grunts of the character after a heavy fall, long jump etc., also add to the ambience and immersive nature of this game.I've only played Deadlight a short time, but the controls are already becoming very instinctive.  The engineering and structure of the gameplay is well thought out and realised, as are the points where the game automatically saves - creating checkpoints to return to if you die.   At certain points your diary updates and/or your character comments on the current situation.Like most games Deadlight has various levels of difficulty.  I'm playing on Normal and there are some situations that require thought, but nothing has been impossible.  However I suspect the Nightmare mode lives up to its title.  I'd suggest anyone interested watch the trailer on full screen as you get a good idea of what the games involves, but not of how immersive it is."
,Recommended,211400,1972987,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,uncheckout,"Classic side scrolling gameplay with a great atmosphere and magnificent art direction. One of the best platformers, even if it's a short one."
,Recommended,211400,8071773,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,D3shOn3r,"A beautiful game with a very dark atmosphere. In my opinion, unfortunately too short."
76561197972380613,Recommended,211400,8074805,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Deprivator,"Pretty nifty action/platformer if you like Zombies.  Definitely wait for a 50% off sale or better, and scoop it up then for a steal.  Not so awesome that you need to pick it up for full price, but I'd give it a 7.5 out of 10 for its Genre, its solid."
76561197990679683,Recommended,211400,8075811,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,NicktheAssCrackBandit,.
76561197993273188,Recommended,211400,8063795,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Panzereck,"If you're the kind of person that wants more side-scrolling metroid-style games, this is probably a good pick for you.  Unfortunately, the PC port of this game is plagued with glitches.  Beware the long delay after you press pause and the random crash."
,Not Recommended,211400,4551480,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,"Bondrewd The Novel, Lord of Dawn",Enjoy your♥♥♥♥♥♥poor bugged console port.
76561198039227764,Recommended,211400,8214577,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,salvationz,Good game and story
,Recommended,211400,5034004,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Nishville,Probably the best zombie game I've ever played!
,Recommended,211400,8217109,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rage,"Tequila Works' Deadlight may not be the greatest zombie game out but their hard work has made it an interesting 2D side scroller. Im a big fan of zombie games so I had to try this game out. The gameplay is good but nothing amazing, what impressed me the most were the graphics and soundtrack. The background settings, sound effects and animations were done pretty well. The puzzles implemented in the game were ok but nothing very challenging though. The story itself is average, the ending itself was very predictable and somewhat generic.The game sometimes can be somewhat annoying with the deaths, some of the setups/death traps can be very annoying if you dont time a jump here and there. But thankfully the game isnt too long for you to start crying, the games about 3-5 hrs long on your 1st play through for 3 ACTS. The game can be beat in an hour on a speedrun apparently though.POOR PORT!!! I forgot to mention, this game's scene's audio doesnt work. There's a way to fix it though if you google it or look in the forums, its some .dll file you need to change. I didnt do it since I couldnt bother with it, i would recommend you buy this game if youre a huge zombie fan and buy it cheap if not... DONT BUY IT ALL!"
76561198002045110,Recommended,211400,7558865,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,The Mad Bronson,Deadlight was great from start to finish. A little buggy towards the end but I still enjoyed it. The ending is a perfect fit to the game. This game is definitely worth your time.
76561198031173654,Recommended,211400,4041093,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,proud_wolf,nice 'zombie' surviver thrillera-must-have for zombie fan !!!
76561197962775424,Recommended,211400,130028,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,[BDS] Aflac,Action puzzle platformer that has the atmospheric gameplay similar to LimboPlay this if you have about 4 hours.
76561198002681709,Recommended,211400,8006297,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,zap451,"An elaborate side scroller with pretty great details.  Its a ""Limbo meets Prince of Persia"" with zombies.PROS: Looks great and has nice control.CONS: Short (4hrs). Nothing new to the zombie methos. Lead protagonist is very talkative."
76561197997506896,Not Recommended,211400,8012166,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,SaneCharlie,"I really wanted to like this game. A side-scrolling zombie game that's more about running than fighting? Heck, about time! But there is so much wrong with it. I chugs for basically no reason, the sound in the cutscenes doesn't necessarily work, the story is ridiculously poorly written, and worst of all the actual platforming is much less smooth than it could be. No stars."
,Recommended,211400,8003102,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Over The Stars,Deadlight is a pretty great game if you like side scrollers. It's a great indie game that is definitely worth a play. The gameplay requires you to run like hell and react at times and cautiously observe and respond accordingly at others.
,Recommended,211400,44179,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,TraXim,"Geile Atmosphäre, geile Soundkulisse, nette Story was will man mehr. Super Spiel. Kann ich jeden empfehlen der auf Zombie Spiele steht."
,Recommended,211400,8018669,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Croc Detective,"This is one of the most interesting side-scrollers I've ever played.It takes less than four hours to beat, but every moment of the gameplay is challenging and smart. The puzzles are inventive, the characters well-rounded and interesting, and the plot is much, much more detailed and impressive than it first appears. Make sure you collect every secret if you want to know the story behind the story, and trust me when I tell you it's worth it.While the jumping controls are sometimes a little finicky, it's an incredibly minor detractor from an incredibly beautiful and polished cinematic narrative, with great survival-horror elements. Pick it up, and make sure you REALLY play it, not just power through the game to the finish line. You won't regret your decision to savour this game."
,Recommended,211400,1316775,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,ExorcistPlex.,"GameInformer gave it 8/10 stating ""Just when you think we've seen everything the zombie genre has to offer, another worthwhile adventure lurches forth. Deadlight mixes Shadow Complex's impressive 2.5D visuals, Limbo's rewarding platforming puzzles, and The Walking Dead's grim atmosphere. The resulting cocktail is potent""."
76561198000344462,Recommended,211400,8278966,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,therog,"This is fantastic, atmospheric side scroller.  I don't normally like these kind of games, but I just loved the look and feel of this one so much that I had to try it.  I was not at all dissapointed.  The controls are tight, it's got a great story and the puzzles are challenging yet solveable."
,Recommended,211400,19379256,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Brandon James,A lot of fun. Every single moment is beautiful to look at. I got this game for 4 dollars and is worth way more than that. You should really pick it up :)
,Recommended,211400,12975621,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Pgeon,"It's worth a look if it's on sale, but it's too short and too boring to be bought for 12 bucks."
,Not Recommended,211400,2769483,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,StanTheman,"I wanted something like Shadow Complex or LIMBO, but the controls are just terrible. Everything is slow and unresponsive unless you are in exactly the right position the game wants you to be in, and even then it sometimes just doesn't work.The story is very generic, even the twist about the main character's family is basically obvious from the beginning. No new ideas here. Everyone's voice acting is terrible except for the main character, but then the writing is terrible all around.The ONLY decent thing about this game is the environment. It's obviously where all of the work went in, and the backgrounds are really detailed and realistic looking, maybe the most realistic apocalypse setting I've seen in a game. Finding hidden areas and items is really fun, except that you have to use the game's controls to get there. Also, it'll randomly prevent you from going back so you can see something on the other side of a fence and not be able to get it.Worth $2.00."
76561197979610241,Recommended,211400,19320154,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Noyiz,"Overall 8/10 Was fun, had its hiccups with the combat/controls that drove me nutty. Visually its nice to look at. Story was pretty good. Kinda short, clocked in about ~6-7 hours with doing all chievo's minus the Nightmare mode."
,Recommended,211400,19434611,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,dbfan2007,"The game is much different than I thought it would be. Still, I enjoyed it more. I am new to PC gaming and this is an easy game to play. I like the comic book look to it, similar to the movie Sin City."
,Not Recommended,211400,19421007,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Koreth,"I really wanted to like this game.  A 2D sidescrolling zombie action-platformer sounded right up my ally.  Unfortunately, this game largely suffers from itself.  The platforming puzzles never get hard, merely harder through means of greater punishment for mistakes which exacerbates the underlying issue rampant throughout the game of poor controls and responses, topped off by an unoriginal story.You can pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,211400,19409793,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SherlockHolmes,Glitches everywhere:(
,Recommended,211400,19331139,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,dfsp_spirit,"A short but fun jump and run game in a zombie apocalypse setting. It's a 2D side scroller embedded in a 3D world that looks great, with lots of stuff going on in the 3D background and enemies coming towards the character and camera from there.You are some rather faceless guy called Randall who searches for his family and tries to reach a 'safepoint' during another zombie apocalypse. You can collect notes and diary pages which explain a bit about the past and how it all began, but don't expect too much of the story. ;)The jumping mechanics are great, and Randall can do many different moves (including a wall dash) to climb and jump over the  various obstacles in the partly destroyed city, while avoiding traps and the zombies which walk on the floor. You have some weapons like a pistol and an axe, but they are mostly tools to break into doors or shoot buttons. You can kill some zombies with them, and you have to do that in a few scenes, but you will have to avoid larger groups (and the majority of them throughout the game) by jumping, climbing and running.I've finished the game in less than 5h, but I had a blast. During this time, it didn't matter much to me that the story is mediocre and that the characters are not that interesting. If you like 2D side scrollers, get this game for a few bucks, it's worth it."
,Recommended,211400,4037827,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Mouse,Amazing game with a great story.
,Not Recommended,211400,19469999,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,the Green Baron,"I have only played for 50 minutes so far.  I cannot recommend this game on Steam, since it is not a good port.  The audio on cutscenes does not play, and pressing the pause button on an XBox 360 controller causes the game to freeze.  From doing forum searches, many other people seem to have this issue as well, with all different rigs and even different versions of Windows.  It feels as though the developer did not sufficently test the Steam/PC version of the game.  Something like this would be easy to fix with a patch, but the developer never bothered (this is an old game by now, so they probably never will).  There are a number of solutions suggested in the forums for each of these issues; however, many of them will take a lot of effort, and there is no guarantee that they will even work.  I shouldn't have to do 2 hours of troubleshooting for game I payed for.That said, the gameplay itself is actually pretty fun.  It's a sidescrolling platformer that encourages the player to avoid, rather than encounter, the enemies.  The enemies are zombies and are rather slow, but take significant effort to kill, and the player has limited health as well as a stamina gauge that must recharge to continue attacking or sprinting.  There are puzzles to solve and secrets to collect, as well.The controls aren't perfect, but they aren't terrible.  They are like a smoother version of Flashback, if you have ever played that game; however, they do have little nuances that I like, such as holding crouch to roll from a jump or hopping to the other side of a fence by pressing over and jump.The level design is a little boring so far: very linear, the puzzles are too simple, the secrets are easy to find, and there is no backtracking whatsoever.  However, since I am near the beginning of the game, I am hoping for improvement as the game continues (in-game tutorials kind of baby you for a while, and they are more annoying than helpful).Perhaps the best thing about the game is the atmosphere.  Although the gameplay is 2D, the graphics are 3D and have a lot of depth.  Zombies wander around in the background or munch on corpses in the foreground, pieces of the environment crumble and fall as you interact with them, highway bridges stretch far into the background - all of this combines to give the environment a sense of permanence and an engrossing atmosphere.But the storyline that goes along with that atmosphere is absolutely garbage.  The cutscenes, notwithstanding that the audio doesn't work on many people's machines, contain cheesy dialogue that advances a boring plot.  There is a diary that rambles on for something like 60 pages, and I got pretty bored after reading two of them.  The protagonist's in-game commentary on the various items you can pick up (most of which are only collectible for the sake of being collectible) does little to motivate picking up said items.  Basically, it's another generic zombie game plot, except in this game they call them ""shadows,"" so it's totally different, right?  Right.All that said, I like finding collectibles, even if they don't really do anything for the game other than add a little detail to a story I don't care about.  And although the controls may be slightly clunky, they're good enough if you enjoy playing platformers with light puzzling elements (which I do).  If it weren't for the bugs (no audio in cutscenes, game crashes when paused), I would recommend this game to someone looking for a decent sidescrolling platformer.  But developers who create or allow lazy ports of their games should not be rewarded by paying customers, and so I cannot recommend this game.  I will probably finish it since I already have it.  But for now I'm taking a break, because this game just froze on me for the second time for accidentally pressing pause."
,Recommended,211400,3522346,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,widrou,"Perfect art and design (have not have that good comic feel in video game since first Max Payne) + zombies, horror, story + platforming survival = great idea and implementation by Tequilla works."
76561198107080489,Not Recommended,211400,30646260,Posted: 20 March,all,gramps,"I'd like to keep this review short and simple.I CANNOT play a game with shoddy controls, and if this is the case Deadlight would be king of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shods...If I were Jim Streling I'd come up with a bettter joke."
,Recommended,211400,19577893,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Merry,"After playing and thoroughly enjoying This War of Mine I was thrilled when Deadlight popped up in my list of recommended games here on Steam.There are aspects to this game that simply cannot be beat. The music in Deadlight has been seemlessly woven into the fabric of the game in such a way that you'll feel the intensity of every setting regardless of whether a given scene is sad or full of action. I often found myself having a strong emotional response to something that was happening in the game only to suddenly realize that, while the events taking place before me were powerful enough as is, it was the music layered on top that really drove the experience home for me.The visuals in Deadlight are equally stunning. This game is just so beautiful - not in a ""hey these are the most cutting edge graphics around"" kind of way (although they are quite wonderful in their comparative simplicity) but in a way that makes it clear that the visual designers for Deadlight took great pride in their work. Every scene I can recall from memory had a visual balance bordering on perfection. The attention to visual detail was noticeable from start to finish and the dark, brooding atmosphere provided by these visuals (accented by the music mentioned above) made for a deeply memorable gaming experience.From a gameplay perspective, Deadlight reminded me of the NES and SNES games of my youth - not because of clunky animations or low and noticeable framerates - but because it was a rather difficult playthrough at times. You will die playing Deadlight - a lot! There are several points in the game where making it through the first time would require nothing short of amazing luck. I can recall at least a handful of sections where I died at least a dozen times trying to master the specific set of perfectly timed actions necessary to progress forward. That being said the challenge did not detract from the experience. I didn't mind dying as much as I did.One of my only complaints with this game would be the voice acting. 75% of the time the voice acting is ok, bordering on decent... but the other 25% of the time the voice acting was noticeably bad. There were moments where the lines felt forced, lacked emotion, or seemed to convey emotions in direct contrast to what was happening in the scene. Randal, the main character, does an ok job but often feels very distant and disengaged in his speech. The Rat's dialogue was absolutely horrible and not in a ""this is a crazy old man"" endearing kind of way but in a more ""Did this guy just read these lines off the cuff on his lunch break"" kind of way.The story is enjoyable and offers up some replay value. The ending leaves room for a sequel as well. At six hours my only other complaint would be that the game sucked me in only to end far too soon. It would be interesting to see what this studio could do with a sequel."
76561198114638922,Recommended,211400,19582275,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Shepherd,"Great story, good graphics and an interesting gameplay."
76561198063052257,Recommended,211400,17630037,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,aHurricane,"Deadlightis a nice little Indie-Zombie-Jump'n'Run with an interesting  artstyle which supports the dark atmosphere in post-apocalyptic Seatle.Sadly some parts of the game are for my taste too dificult others involve a little bit too much trial and error, because backround and forground merg together which looks cool but distracts at some points.Another downside is the length and the story of the game, which, in my opinion is the bigest weakpoint of this game.But over-all I enjoyed my time with this game because of the artstyle and the atmosphere.Perhaps if you still cant decide, just wait until the next sale and try to grab it there."
76561198112114259,Recommended,211400,19742884,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Smol Bean,"The game is really good, and, as a matter of fact, not much like dying light at all. The gameplay is really original, and if you're looking for a game that you want to have a bit of fun with, I recommend this. However, the whole game is very short and took me about a measly hour to finish, another point is the story (no spoilers) , although it is fairly decent at some points, overall very lackluster and slightly boring. Nonetheless, if you're looking for a quick and good game, you should buy this."
76561198070891381,Not Recommended,211400,13934320,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ebisan,"Randall is a hammer in water and a world record breaker of long jump till the end.  Such strenght in those arms, was it that difficult to learn how to swim?  Just the dead-man's float?"
76561198327036035,Recommended,211400,30646794,Posted: 20 March,all,Avid Dattenborough,This is in the top 3 of my favourite games! Buy this game right now! I promise it will be worth it.
76561197974190668,Recommended,211400,648285,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,ZekeRage,Rather short but incredibly fun side scrolling zombie game with an interesting story.  Playing with a controller is a must.
76561198080123161,Recommended,211400,19703194,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Speikobrarote,"This game is beautiful and well designed. Lovely story and great voice acting. The comic cutscenes are very well drawn too and I enjoyed every single one of them. The gameplay felt intuitive and even when you didnt play for a while. For a zombie game it of course feels new and different because of its 2-D more running then fighting like gameplay. Parkour your way through buildings and underground with lots of zombies wanting to nibble on your giblets.I really enjoyed the time I spent with this, even tho some parts where like... ""i hate this game""I probably will hate this game as soon as I tried to get the last achievement... How to survive was ruined by the last one and probably Deadlight will too but before I do it I write this to say, it was a great experience, fresh and different and I recommend it to those who love zombie games with a good story and not the need for gore or bloodshed but enough fighting to make you feel in danger."
,Recommended,211400,16768349,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,spooky sampai,"Pro(s):- The graphics are stellar!- The plot is a very great and interesting.- Randall is a badass!Con(s):- The game will stutter if you have a low end PC (9-20 FPS)Review:Deadlight is the type of Zombie game you would think sucks, but guess what it doesn't! Deadlight is a very great game and It's one of the games I plan on making 100% on. You first start off as Randall Wayne, the protagonist and main character of the game, as Randall your trying to find your Wife and Daughter, but the journey will become dangerous, Stressful, and puzzle based. Deadlight won't be filled with just Puzzles it'll be filled with foes that you will come to encounter during your mission, you'll be fighting Zombies (shadows), The New Law, and many more foes! I really rate Deadlight a 9 Out of 10. Also remember, Deadlight will stutter if you have a low end PC probably 9-20 FPS in-game, Overall I recommend you buy this game!"
,Recommended,211400,17443079,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Dipsta,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Awesome and fairly challenging game, with good platforming mechanics. I like how the focus of the game is not killing zombies or ""shadows"" as the protagonist, Randall, calls them. Infact, more often than not you're going to be running from or avoiding zombies, as you don't have a lot of stamina to use to fight them (which runs out quickly).It's very atmospheric, with gorgeous background scenery and a wonderful sountrack. The sound effects further pull you into the immersion. The story is nothing special but I found it to be enjoyable. The game doesn't take long to finish, it only took me 5 hours.A very good game."
,Not Recommended,211400,17443915,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BylliGoat,"Mildly amusing at best.  Acting is garbage, level design and controls can be frustrating at times.  Finally decided it wasn't worth my time when I was expected to time jumps while sliding down a slope amidst traps that I was apparently supposed to roll past, despite the trap killing me anyway.  I'm not saying it couldn't be done, I'm sure it's possible, but I realized at that point that I really just didn't care."
76561198103279031,Recommended,211400,16948657,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Spideykurt,"The walking dead of zombie games. Awesome game ,but abit on the short side ,but still worth it!!"
,Not Recommended,211400,17386942,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Taistelu-Jarska,"Game looks ok, but its very short and there is actually no sense in the story. Military is just chasing random civilians in the middle of zombie apocalypse and then there is this ""Rat"" guy and his labyrinth. Finally the Nightmare mode made me really hate this game. In Nightmare more you have to play the game through by one sitting and only checkpoints are in the beginning of Act 2 and 3. I got this game from sale so I didnt lose much. I cant recommend this game if you like to chase some achievements or 100% playthrough."
,Recommended,211400,17389847,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Feriol,"Good casual game.Kinda challenging.9/10, would die again."
,Recommended,211400,17347695,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Winter,"This is a good game to buy during Steam Sales. it is good at (7/10)The game is fun but short.The escape scene sometiems can be frustrated with slugish control design.You knew the ending before the game ends.In short, it is a good game to play in a day of weekend"
,Recommended,211400,17357283,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,EroticPotato,A fairly decent game with good graphics. Story is pretty cliche. Worth getting on sale. Little to no replay value. Just my opinion. 6.5/10
76561198045691275,Not Recommended,211400,17375280,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Porigue,"I did not like this game! The spawn points are terrible; the game is unforgiving, and the controls are not player friendly.0/10"
76561198045136606,Not Recommended,211400,18902440,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Yoshiro,"I thought it was going to be more of a survival game, but 9 times out of 10 you are just trying to figure out which wall to climb and how to run past zombies.   You get guns, but most of the time there is a never ending zombie flood coming after you, so there rarely a point in fighting.   You are simply trying to run past as fast as you can.   That was a major let down for me.SCORE BREAKDOWN:Combat: 8/10 (decent, but I hate never ending hoards and you need to run past everything anyway)Level Design: 7/10 (really good variety, but wall climbing was annoying)Level Tactics: 1/10 (There was only one way to solve most of the problems)Story: 5/10 (it was ok - nothing special)Sounds: 9/10"
76561197970687383,Recommended,211400,448295,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,A Nameless Ghoul,for all the zombie-fans: a must-have
76561198083819910,Not Recommended,211400,18879698,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Royer3,"Play as a hobo survivor who is obsessed in finding his family in the zombie infested Seattle.Obsessed in finding his family should tell you the whole plot.Anyway the game is fun for the whole three hours of gameplay, the voice acting sucks, but it's sorta fun to jump around here and there.Would not recommend unless you buy it on sale"
,Not Recommended,211400,18880041,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,derBene,Seen worse but very frustrating. Lots of try and error with decisions based on luck rather than knowing your abilities and using them.The looks are okay to me and I liked the diary which makes the story come more alive. And the dream sequence with the huge zombies in the background. That was cool.If you love zombies and do not care about frustration then give it a try.
,Recommended,211400,18869916,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,BilfO,"Fun game, love the dark and bleak atmosphere. Reminds me of The Road and 28 Days Later. Nice graphics, sharp. The whole style of the game also brings Limbo to mind, so if you've played that game, you'll feel right at home here. Smooth game overall, but controls aren't as tight as I'd like them to be. Which reminds me, why the hell does the character have a tough time killing a zombie with an axe in this game?? I mean really? And also, the voice actor of the main character makes me laugh cuz he sounds like he's narrating a tralier to an action movie. Kind of takes away from the atmosphere I mentioned earlier. Moving on; I like how the protagonist refers to the antagonists  in this game as Shadows, because both literally and figuratively that's all they are, reminders and leftovers of what was before and after the flash. If you wanna get deep, you can see it this way too: because of the fact that the character's draped in darkness throughout the game, I think the devs tell us he's a Shadow too, because in the end we'd all be shadows of our former selves. Just another being trying to survive. So, would I recommend this game? Sure! If you're looking for something to kill time with, hit it up. Granted, the story won't interest you, but it won't put you to sleep either. The platforming is there, the parkour and whatnot, the zombie-bashing, and puzzles? Eh, the puzzles are a joke. By the way, I also wish the game granted the player clever ways to environmentally dismember/destroy the Shadows in this game. I mean everything is scripted. Maybe that would add a little more depth. But who knows, perhaps if there's a sequel we'll get to see a little experimentation in that area? **hint-hint**"
,Recommended,211400,18856890,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TheNegativeOne,"If I should describe Deadlight, it might be a ""side-scrolling platformer survival shooter game"". It could've been a good platformer, could've been a good side-scroller, could've been a good shooter, it could also have been a good survival game. But which one it really is?Pros:+ The graphic art is gorgeous, it certainly aged well despite being 3 years old game. I don't think it's gonna feel dated anytime soon.+ It has some nice soundtracks.+ The atmosphere feels kinda creepy and gloomy, which really adds up to the whole experience.+ Very enjoyable gameplay during the first half of the game. A fun platformer with simple puzzles and good amount of survival feel to it.In-between:o B-class voice acting, corny dialogue at times.o The story is not bad, but nothing really distinguish itself from another zombie themed games / movies. There's a little twist at the end of the story, but some of you might find it predictable.o This game has a lot of ""instant death"" (e.g. falling platform, spikes, drowning, etc.) which is quite common in platformer games. This could mean ""annoying"" to some or ""challenging"" to others.o Shooting mechanism is nothing special, but does the job well on a controller. (haven't tried using m/k though)o Platforming is actually kinda fun, but I died many times because of the main character's slow and clunky movement.o You can't change jump direction in mid-air. I know it's not realistic, but I think it's quite essential for platformers.Cons:- The characters are not interesting enough to make you care for them.- Pacings might feel odd sometimes. There are times where you have to sprint through an area, then do a puzzle in the next area, and sprint again.- Rat Man's series of boobie-trapped puzzles are unnecessary, annoying and quickly become tedious. Even after you passed the ""test"" you'll still need to do another series of similar puzzles to get out of the place.- There are some areas / set pieces where you need to perform series of action EXACTLY how it's meant to, and there are no other way (at all) to progress which added unnecessary difficulities. Miss a split second and you're dead. Probably the easiest way to explain is: ""quick-time events"" with no prompt.- After the second half of the game, the ""survival feel"" is less present and feels more like the enemies has become a part of the puzzle. Sometimes there is no chance of killing / outrunning them all, and like what I've stated in the previous point, you can only do it the way it's meant to.- Melee combat is awful. You have to perform ""execution"" in order to kill a zombie, and to do that you need to knock them off their feet first. However, there is no certain amount of how many hit you need to knock them off. Sometimes it took one hit, sometimes it took five.- Sometimes you have a gun, sometimes you don't. The game decides whether or not you should have a gun for the sake of the game progression.- Very Short. It says I have 4.6 hours on record, but that .6 hour was spent trying to get the game working (apparently stuck in ""preparing to launch Deadlight"" loop counted as game time).The Verdict:This game has so much wasted potential. IMO, it would be better if this game actually put more focus on one aspect instead of trying to cover everything on it's sight. This game might feel unfair for some people, and those who are not really familiar with side-scrolling platformers will find this game to be extremely frustrating. It's very short, I finished it in 4 hours. If you don't die at all (which is highly unlikely), you could probably beat it in 3 hours. The story ends with unsatisfying conclusion. No rewards for finishing the game and collecting ""secrets"", except for Nightmare Mode which is basically replaying the same game with the save feature disabled (No, thank you). Having said that, I got this game when it's on sale for $2 and at that price point I think this game is definitely worth it, but probably not more than $5.I'm kinda torn whether or not to recommend this game. The first half of the game captivated me so much I find it hard to hate this game. In fact, if not for the second half of the game, I would proudly say ""I love it"". But for the whole experience, I feel like I have a guilty feeling for liking it. Would I recommend it to every gamer I know? Certainly not. However, I would recommend this game to anyone who's really into side-scrollers / platformers, or anyone who haven't played those genre for a while to simply quench their thirst."
76561198126252325,Recommended,211400,18838808,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Duan#029,"The atmosphere of Deadlight is as good as The Walking Dead, dark, full of danger and unknown situation. Making me feel the environment as same as the character feel. But the story line is a little bit short and the end is not shocking, and lack of creativity.This is a good try of the production team and I hope they can make even better in the next work."
,Recommended,211400,18646730,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,aVe,"Mixing puzzle/platform genre with zombie shooting wasn't an easy task, but Deadlight does a fair job in blending them. The atmosphere and pacing of the first hours is captivating, nicely oscillating between tension an relief.Unfortunately for me, the ""platform"" part of the game became too hard during the underground survival tutorial, where I couldn't manage to execute properly an (apparently) simple roll action to avoid blade traps on walls. It's a little sad because previously the game was really challenging  and forced me to retry many times until the rewarding ""eureka"" moment.So, if you're really into platformers, give it a try."
,Not Recommended,211400,18420682,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Omega,Controls are frustratingEDIT: Game itself is frustrating... Just finished it. Had to go through various horrible bugs.
76561197978704804,Not Recommended,211400,18702181,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,{WeB}*HansDieterKarlHeinzHolger*,"This 2D Jump 'n Run game puts you in a grim post-apocalyptic world filled with ""shadows"" (zombies)... While it succeeds partly to create a connection between the player and characters, it is far too short (around 2 hours) to intensify the experience. Besides working jumping mechanics, fighting either with fists or guns feels dull and ineffective. There is an unfair component to the game, because in most situations you can't react to something vicious that is heading your way and you simply die. Wheras the environments feel real and are designed lovely with so much passion, the game feels like a missed opportunity and there are alternatives like ""This war of mine"", which is, of course, not a Jump 'n Run, but it puts the focus on character development rather than fighting, which Deadlight doesn't. In any case. Unfulfilled, really. I urge you to only buy Deadlight at a discount price!"
,Not Recommended,211400,18846419,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,AomiN,"very average game or even boring.short, not scary, heavy on CPU, with broken cutscenes, bad voice acting and controls.The only good thing in this game are pretty backgrounds."
76561197975161360,Not Recommended,211400,8869223,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Ian,"This game is all over the place, from the glitchs that crash the game (ive had it crash on my more then once from just pausing the game) that you have to restart whole parts over from, to the trial and error like gameplay where you end up dying over and over till you figure out how the devs wanted you to play through the level. It is a interesting set piece of Seattle (esp since i live in seattle) and the story is rather interesting, but everything in between is just fustrating."
,Not Recommended,211400,8870845,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,товарищ Сталин,This game is just bad overall.The character controls like steering a cow in a shopping cart.The voice acting is uninspired and cringe-worthy.The writing is insipid and trite.The plot is tired and overdone.10/10.  It's okay.
76561198115890740,Recommended,211400,7903793,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Maximo Is Beast,Fun as hell if u are into 2D expierence rpg
,Not Recommended,211400,8894791,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Nucloid,"Everything but the atmosphere and theme is such a large pile of trash. The core mechanics ""climbing, jumping, shooting, rolling, etc"" is extremely broken. Basically the mechanics are so heavily delayed that its' impossible to do anything without dying. Controls on both keyboard & controller don't even register properly. You will find youself screaming at the monitor telling the frekin thing to move when it should. Every zombie in this game is like a whole new boss, they're impossible to kill, run away from. Just stay far away from this game as possible. This will give you a massive headache & will make you want to throw your PC across the room. I found that a few assets in this game are from Unity3D sample assets. A few of the player animations are direct copies of the standard 3rd person animations from Unity3D."
,Recommended,211400,8896055,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Dude27,"Mix of Zombie world and platform, amazing ambiance and adrenaline rushs. A healthy fresh air in the old platform genre."
76561197961749413,Not Recommended,211400,8896444,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Reptile007,"Beautiful looking game.   Steaming pile to play (no offense to steam).  This game has beautiful visuals.   Which you will get to see constantly and slowly because the game lags outs on a i7 with 8GB of ram and Nvidia Geforce GT 555m.  My computer has no problems with Boardlands 2.....but this sidescroller.   Whoa slow down tex....need a super computer for that.And the cherry on this turd sandwich!!!The Keyboard controls were designed by a blind person with no sense of touch.   Wanted to go left quickly....we'll get to you in a moment....and now your dead.So you get to see things over and over and over because lag (in a Single Player Game?!?) and keyboard controls (that are just embarrasing) = death.And the ""Coup de gras""?After you die the screen says ""Press any key to load last checkpoint"".And your Up, Back, Down, and Forward (w,a,s,d)........don't count as ""ANY KEY""!!Beautiful."
76561198026540755,Recommended,211400,8897767,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Breakman,"Deadlight is a side scrolling survival horror/zombie game that breathed some life into this dead genre (get it). I played a LOT of horror/zombie games growing up and I can't think of any that were like this. it's a mixture of Super Mario Bros. & Resident Evil to put it simply and they did a perfect job mixing the two. If I had to say something bad it would be that it's not scary...like at all (at no point will you be scared, unless you miss a jump). I saw some people wrote the controls were bad/bugged but I had no problems with them the whole game. If you missed a jump don't blame the game, start over and try again. 9/10 You wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,211400,8709145,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Quadadvance,"Wow, really cool game. i expected a typical zombie game, but this was something else. even if you dont like the gameplay hang in there till the end, That ending is great!"
76561197978998915,Recommended,211400,8710059,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Malek,"Deadlight was an interesting game, but very short. The beginning was great and it had me pretty well hooked from the get go. As I progressed further in the campaign however, some of the flaws of the game began to show through.Pros:-The game was super cheap.- Cool puzzles, and fun was to interact with the environment, and scale the walls. You can jump, climb, wall jump, fall and roll, scale horizontal poles, shoulder blockaded doors, and much more. Randall feels like he is a parkor expert, with some guns.- Nice graphics for an indie platformer, with some cool immersive environments.- I liked the way the game was played 2D, but it was designed as a 3D world. It's pretty neat to see zombies coming at you from  the background.- The animations were mostly nice.- The zombies felt great, just like a real zombie.Cons:- The game had a wierd problem where it wasn't exactly clear how close Randall had to be to objects in order for him to grab onto it. Sometimes you would be quite a distance away from a ledge and Randall would pop and stick at the last second right to the ledge. The game felt a little clumsy and needed a lot more polish in how your interact with the environment.- The in between animations, going from one action to another, was pretty well non existent, so the characters would pop a lot.- The game was extremely linear, which I don't necessarily consider a bad thing, but someone else may. The game was also really short, it took me around 4 hours to complete it.- The characters were very 1 dimensional, and the story was difficult to watch. From the beginning, Randall comes across as a big tough, no nonsense guy looking for his family. During the game he has flashbacks of his family. His character doesn't develop throughout the whole game, and he is a big tough, no nonsense guy straight to the end.Mid way through the game, you meet a character named Rat who has built a gigantic underground labyrinth of booby traps, which I feel like doesn't fit into this post apocalypse, psuedo realistic world. The Rat man just has too big of a labyrinth. The rat forces you to go through his extremely dangerous labyrinth after the rat saves your life. The only thing I wanted to do when I got through it was kill the rat, but instead the game made me go save his son...The soldiers in the game are evil, but it never really explains what exactly they are doing that is so evil, or maybe I missed that part. Either way, they are chasing and shooting you with the helicopter, so they are definitely evil.It felt strange not having a main antagonist in the game as well.- The cut scenes weren't animated, and instead it looked like each shot was simply the storyboard cut and pasted into the game. I was fine with this, but they could have spruced it up a little by maybe making the cut scenes into something like a motion comic book, with the panels showing.- The final couple chapters of the game were VERY buggy, get ready to die often for little to no reason. There are sections where you have to get through a building that is falling a part, and you have a certain amount of time to do it or you die. I found I died often in these sections of the game for little to no reason, I was sprinting as fast as I could, and doing the same thing that worked before, yet I would die because I was taking too long. A time counter would have been better in these sections, with the building shaking. Also when the game respawns you, sometimes you have to listen to a short dialogue again, which can get annoying.I give the game a 7/10, and I highly recommend it at it's discounted price. I would pay no more then 5 dollars for this game."
76561198071882170,Not Recommended,211400,9124077,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ghozzt,2d sidescrolling platformer. Very stressful and the controls sometime dont respong properly for this type of game. If im suppose to escape the controls need to be spot on.
76561197993222979,Not Recommended,211400,9124986,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,krihen,"Brief comments about this game I have been playing for some hours in total: Needs more speed optimization for keyboard use. Gun handling (including aiming) is clumsy (need right and left mouse click to focus and shoot, no reticule otherwise), except for the axe swinging. Timed events (sprinting & jumping & rolling & crouching from point A to point B) past decaying obstacles/houses or armed guards are unforgiving and requires a sequence of correctly whacked keys in order to work. The plot/backstory takes a second seat to these often enfuriating ""game mechanics"". Due to this I did not find the game worth buying or playing."
76561198043902881,Recommended,211400,9126130,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Shadow Knight,Awesome side scrolling platfromer adventure game that takes place in a zombie apocalytic seattle.
76561198053032495,Recommended,211400,8500032,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,el_gabs,"Deadlight is a fun, beautiful, Zombie-filled side scroller that will keep you busy for a couple hours. to get it out of the way, yes, this was a console game and there where a few hiccups frome time to time. I would sometimes get sound missing in a few cutscenes and the controls did seem a bit fauilty at times, but that wasn't enough to ruin the game for me. By far the best thing about this game is just how well done and amzing the levels look. They did an excellent job of making you feel like you where in an open environment when you where outside despite the fact that you could only go left or right. the lighting was very well done and the color pallette used in this game really capture a certain atmosphere. Most of the game is comprised of parkour style running, trial and error puzzles, and zombie encounters(that for the most part you're better off trying to outsmart and avoid). If you want a zombie-slaying game, this won't be it. You spend a lot of time without a weapon and during these times, the game teaches you that you don't a;ways have to fight the dead to beat them. The story is alright but a sort of cliche with a nice twist. If what you're looking for is a fun, beautiful side scroller to burn some time with, then I suggest you give it a try7/10"
76561198057972142,Recommended,211400,8501031,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,damzeh,"It's another zombie survival game this time done in a side-scrolling platform style. It does this very well. Not survival horror but more action adventure with a gloomy feel to it.The graphics are really great. It really seems like it's not a side-scrolling platform because of this and kind of made me wish it was a 3D game I could explore. This is the most memorable and enjoyable part of the game for me.I really didn't like the story so much - very generic ""find your family after zombie apocalypse"" one and the ending annoyed me. There is an alternate ending which I read about but the one in this game.There's hidden secrets and such you need to find in the game so if you miss some the idea is you go through again thus adding replay value but these secrets didn't really add any new experiences to the game besides adding backstory. So I've played it once and that's enough.I don't regret buying and playing through but I don't think I'll replay for a long while."
76561198115993446,Recommended,211400,8502725,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,dancow_82,I <3 IT :D
76561197993603345,Not Recommended,211400,8503517,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Towertwig,"The game is fairly fun and i bought it for a very cheap price (2,5€). I'm not gonna whine too much about it.But the controls in this game and how fluid the gameplay is doesn't suit me at all.It reminds me very much of assassins creed when you jump from rooftops etc. You aim straight forward but instead you jump to the right etc. Now i know this is a 2D game so you cannot jump in all the directions, but it's still the same feeling as assassins creed.The graphic in this game is extraordinary. The enviroment may at times play with you, which is great and a little misleading. Sometimes you think that you can enter the ""backround"" in the game but that is nothing bad at all, it's just great.The performance is decent. I've noticed a few freeze lags (only freeze lags). It may be my computer but since this is the only game i have that freezes i'm a little sceptic that it is my computer.The controls are kinda goofy. They aren't configured in a good way but that's another thing that doesn't matter since you can change controls. Unless you play the xbox, i've played both, but i have no trouble with the xbox controls at all. They are not 100% good but they aren't 100% bad either.The sound is great in the game, can't say that it's bad at all. The voice actors are good aswell (could've been better).Don't have much to say here.To summarize: I love the graphics! 9/10The performance could've been better. 6,5/10Goofy controls. 5,5/10Audio is good. 8/10Game overall i give 6/10.So! Would i recommend you to buy this game? No i wouldn't. I think 12€/16$ is way too much for this game. And i feel that this game is great but the story is short and i didn't get much joy out of it."
,Recommended,211400,8503914,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,hellpos,"its' fantastic!!! is like a Prince of Persia Zombie Stylethe graphics are awesome, and controlls very easyI recommend it!!!"
,Recommended,211400,8504375,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,KILLVEARN,AMAZING GAME EVER <3
76561198053413500,Recommended,211400,8512672,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Josic,"Utter brilliance...Imagine Limbo, but with beautiful backgrounds and a storyline that draws you in.The atmosphere they've created is amazing, and the sense of danger lurking around every corner, as well as how fragile you actually are against the odds feels very real most of the time!Controlls are indeed tricky at times, but I managed well enough with my keyboard - would however recommend a controller."
76561197984983594,Recommended,211400,8512775,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Elrion,"Definitely a good game.  Occasionally choosing the right path can be problematic if you do not closely look at your surroundings, but this is pretty rare.  The story is good & for a 2D game it is really well done."
76561197972244348,Not Recommended,211400,8514817,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Templarion,"As a platformer Deadlight is lacking. Controls are not fully rebindable and levels are full of trial and error. Gameplay feels clumsy too often. A couple of times the game achieves a feeling of action movie - that's pretty much all positive I can say.The game is clearly trying to deliver a story where it fails terribly. Story in Deadlight is the most cliche zombie survival story I have ever seen to this day. In addition, the story is not only cliche but just plain stupid.The biggest downfall in this project is the wasted potential of good looking visuals and cutscene style. Too bad, the graphics just are not enough when everything else fails.I wasted 2 euros to this game when I purchased it on sale. Not even worth that. Avoid at all cost."
,Not Recommended,211400,8516932,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Belkarama,Comically bad voice acting completely breaks the immersion every time the MC opens his mouth.
,Recommended,211400,8628993,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Grim,"Deadlight is a good, solid title that tries to mesh the zombie/survival horror genre with classic platforming. Now while it may not add/offer anything completely new to gamers, it's still a fun, albeit short, experience.The story itself is sort of cliche, but it's not entirely horrible. It keeps you locked into the task at hand. Graphics are very nice - the beautiful backdrops really evoke a world in decay. The controls require you to be quite precise with your movements, ala the original Prince of Persia or Out of This World, but sometimes they are quite clunky. Combat is pretty iffy too, but I think it's all in keeping with the idea that you're not a tank, but just a regular survivor trying to make his way through. Avoiding conflict keeps you moving along more than anything.I'm glad it went on sale during the holidays though, as $15 is quite steep for the length of the gameplay.TL;DR - 7/10. A fun, but short, experience."
76561198047232165,Recommended,211400,8858328,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,aspect,"This game has an interesting story and stunning visuals. Overall, it is a good game. However, the controls aren't very intuative on the controller. Every time I went back to playing, i felt like I had to relearn everything. Some of the game physics/dynamics can get very frustrating. They definietly need some polishing because a lot of the time they seem sluggish and unpredictable. Jumping doesn't always produce the same effect. How many times did I jump sideways into toxic waste when I just wanted to jump up. I still recommend this game as a casual adventure you can jump in and out of."
76561198115158134,Recommended,211400,8860909,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Merl Bacoli,"This game is great! It has a captivating story, dense atmosphere and splendid voice acting. I really like the graphics and the 'ingame cinematics' like when far jumps occasionally get 'slow-mow'ed. Also the cut scences feature an interesting 'rough drawing' style. But beware, it's not a fast reaction zombie slaughter game. The controls can feel unresponsive at times, which on the other hand nicely reflects the age of the protagonist. The main focus is really to follow the story. This can feel somewhat scripted and linear, but it's still a pleasure to progress with the story. Sometimes you have to use trial-and-error to find out what the game wants you to do. Save points are placed very generously throughout the game and the only down-side here is, that it takes quite some time to reload after your death."
76561198053552767,Recommended,211400,8860744,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Olhausen-www.WikingerEToW.com,A great survival horror game. An old fashion arcade games with very good graphics and a good history.Olhausen
,Not Recommended,211400,8865201,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,vitords,"This game is beautiful. The artwork is really well done and it looks amazing, but that's it. Except for a point or two, the story is simplistic and full of cliches, the voice acting is way exagerated and makes you feel absolutely no empathy for Randall, the main character. He's out there, running from zombies, jumping through windows, desperately looking for his wife and daughter... and you couldn't care less.I haven't played the Xbox version but this port is just horrible. The hardest part of the game is not feeling too frustrated by the complete lack of responsive controls. It can be overlooked during the first playtrhrough (although it will be the reason of most of your deaths), mainly because it is a really short game and there are checkpoints every few minutes, but once you get to play Nightmare Mode you'll wish you could forget this ever existed."
,Recommended,211400,1163880,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Revan,"I bought this game on Steam Christmas sale and I don't regret it. Deadlight looks amazing, has this 'zombie apocalypse atmosphere' and can gives you a lot of satisfaction. However it's way too short to buy it with full price, so I recommand you to buy it on next sale ;-)"
,Recommended,211400,8843179,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,rexyhm󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,Frustrating check point system.
,Recommended,211400,8847623,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,chomerly,"This game is well worth a purchase.I purchased this game a while ago and not played it up until today (25 Jan 2014).The first thing that sticks out in this game is its soundtrack.It is an excellent addition to what is a very good, and enjoyable game.The only thing that lets it down is the voice acting and the control mechanism.For the most part, the voice acting is pretty good.It has a decent script but could have been a lot better in places.Other niggly issues for me are the controls.It is largely played with one hand for movement and crouching or jumping and on the occassion that you do use a weapon, other than an axe, the aiming and firing is done using the mouse.It feels strange and uncomfortable to play at first because there is virtually no mouse required at the beginning, until you get your first weapon.That being said, overall the game is enjoyable and shows that massive budgets are not always required for a game to be good.And this is.I give it a score of 85%.It really is that good in my opinion."
,Recommended,211400,8910169,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,[V.N]boonRM '-.-',"Great side scrolling indie game, awesome atmosphere"
76561198032047547,Recommended,211400,4099891,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Uaxactun,Excellent game. Very challenging.
,Not Recommended,211400,8916184,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Utku,Game is pretty shortOverused zombie themeCliche survival scenes
76561198015886279,Recommended,211400,3011265,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,[Xarden],"Очень красивый платформер, головоломки местами напоминают Limbo."
76561197974154340,Not Recommended,211400,9066990,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Niodyne,"Deadlight looks like it should be an atmospheric zombie game with a good story, but it turned out to be a rather generic platformer.  If you want platformer puzzles with a zombie backdrop, and little emphasis on the main story for most of the 3 short hours of the game, you might enjoy it.  The gameplay itself has some issues, which was unfortunate to see with the limited ways you could interact with things. Using melee on zombies feels more glitchy than satisfying or fun, where doing one attack too many can force them up off the ground  (they can only be finished off while on the ground)."
,Recommended,211400,5661169,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,szafa,great game with nice story and gamplay
76561198028534620,Not Recommended,211400,13718522,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,WickedInsomnia (illustrator),ehh...
76561197971038905,Recommended,211400,13718725,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ngage_,"This is probably the best 2D game i ever played. So deep,so dark <3It rly worth it :s)"
76561198029934578,Recommended,211400,13720553,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gert,"A platformer with nice controls. I personally had a lot of trial and error - especially in the beginning. Fortunately the periodic checkpoint saves usually get you back to the exact point where you failed. Effectively saving you from a lot of frustration - I personally hate moments like these = ""AAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!! I've already made that jump 15 times ....""This game really didn't have any such moments for me. So that's a big plus for a platformer.The graphics are actually quite nice. The background (in game) really pops out of the screen.All in all this is a good short game.To tell you the truth the only thing I didn't like about it, was that fact that I found it to be too short. I would have like a little more meat on this one. The story builds up, and then just ... Falls short.I would rate this at a solid 7.5 --> Possibly even an 8.0 (just 'cause it's so darn atmospheric... But the short storyline just might be what holds it back.)EDIT.: I got this at 80% off during the Christmass sale - if I would have paid the full price off 12£ I would have been disappointed."
,Recommended,211400,13958839,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Guderian,Prince of Persia + Limbo + Guns & Zombie & Beautiful Backgrounds with the addition of a lame finale: 8/10
76561198044336923,Recommended,211400,13960140,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TheHogfather,"this is one of the best new non first person game ive PLAYED in a long time, and i say that because once you get past the amazing gameplay you will be enchanted by the grulingly awful and boring storyline."
,Recommended,211400,13961394,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,Pretty good platformer with pretty graphics and a good story.Recommended if your looking for a quick fix of video gamig.
,Not Recommended,211400,3358601,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Mcohn0,"TALK ABOUT. TERRIBLE I THOUGHT THIS WAS LIKE FALLIUT MIXED WITH NO GUNS, BUT IT SUCKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS ITS JUST A BACKROUND AND YO RUNNING BACK AND FORTH, ITS 2013 NOT 1990!"
,Not Recommended,211400,14151739,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,deathoydar,Pros:- Graphics and environmentCons:- Sound bug in cinematic- They train you for a gun and then... they gave you a slingshot!- The really bad player control feels like you play Prince of Persia back in 1989!- No replay value
,Recommended,211400,14134865,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BaseD2,If you can get past the sometimes unresponsive controls and  cut scenes without sound then give this game a shot. Bad port of a good game.
,Recommended,211400,3831663,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,WTFitsPauL,Bought this because its only a x360/PC exclusive and i did not expect this game to be  very good. 9/10!
76561198062483455,Recommended,211400,14139663,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"Don't like the gameplay that gets frustratingly unresponsive. It feels like those Oddworld games, which were fun, don't get me wrong, but the controls were done in a way that made you do things you didn't want to do at the crappiest times.Story is good, though, which is why I give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,211400,7651846,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Jusco,When will this zombie fad pass
76561198014097194,Recommended,211400,2886883,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Makikomi,"A stylish side-scrolling game where you have to stay safe while trying to get yourself to a safe-haven from the zombie-apocalypse.  You need to interact with your environment to progress, with some occasional split-second timing needed.  Not as good as LIMBO (also available on Steam) but a nice game to try."
76561198116183202,Recommended,211400,13533490,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MorrteX,"Its very bad optimized. I have a better components than those that are recommended and i have low fps and lags on the lowest settings. Please, i beg you, fix it. Thanks."
,Recommended,211400,13590915,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,༼ つ ◕◡◕ ༽つ 3xChester_exe,Simple gameplay but packed with great storyline. Mind-challenging and testing your judgement skills while you're at to it. If you want to stop for awhile and thinking while playing rather than seeing guy on middle aged shooting dead living. This game is just for you!
,Recommended,211400,3411346,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Zimphire,"Beautiful art & graphics, good gameplay, pretty ok story. If you're into puzzle platformers try this one!"
,Recommended,211400,13580131,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tubby,"The game offers smooth intesense visuals and at times leaves you with a fast paced heart, but fails to hold your interest as by the end you feel slightly bored. 61/100"
76561198055496591,Recommended,211400,16852264,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,CriticalGore,best survival game that isn't in mother ♥♥♥♥ing early access
76561198078652116,Not Recommended,211400,16158128,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rocka,Didn't get to play this game with de PS4 controller like I wanted to. Actually stopped playing the game because of this after 15 min.
,Recommended,211400,16280594,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ZombieBisque,"A fun, short zombie platformer.  While the story itself isn't too notable, the art design is really good and the gameplay has a lot of moments where you have to think fast.  Some of the ""puzzles"" aren't too intuitive, but it's not hard to figure things out with some experimentation.  A lot of the appeal of this game is running through the scenery that composes the background.  Zombies are mostly obstacles to be avoided, but it is possible to kill them.  If you're looking for a fun, non-traditional zombie game to occupy a few hours of your afternoon, look no further."
,Recommended,211400,16966701,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Chronocrat,"Nice platformer, I did enjoy it...HOWEVER!... this is one of the worst console ports ever. I had to replace a dll file to hear dialogue in the cut scenes, I fell through the level, had lag spikes, glitched mobs, the works! If you can stomache all of that, undernieth is a decent game that takes up an afternoon."
76561198112830249,Not Recommended,211400,16927355,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Tenzih,What to say about this game....Story is certainly good and atmosphere matches the setting well... but the gameplay itself..... meh..There are quite a bit of bugs in this game which kill the feeling a little bit (zombies invulnerable at certain points etc.)However it's still playable if you can move on from little things+ Story+ Atmosphere-+ Gameplay-+ Audio (didn't work during the videos couple times)- Length+ You get most achievements from doing the story just onceSo if you enjoy a good story and can ignore small bugs then I recommend this game DURING SALES. Not worth full prize though
,Not Recommended,211400,16935747,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,harveydentcanwetrusthim,"After completing Deadlight its hard for me to imaging asking someone to put time into this.  The art style is very good, and I like the idea of the game, but put together the game is a misstep.  Part of me is annoyed its a port, and not even a great port at that, as there are sill lingering issues with the game.  The story isn't half bad, though the characters in the game are instantly forgetful, and have no memorable quality about them.  Not once did I care about any specific character being fodder for the horde, and that's not really a good thing when it comes to a post apocalyptic game."
76561198012127637,Not Recommended,211400,17393951,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mr. Walnut,"Too short of a game to be worth $15. It is beautiful and has an alright story. This is mostly a puzzle game and due to it being so short, does not get boring quickly. If you are bad at everything ever like myself, you will die, a lot. This game's controls get you killed a lot if you spam them and you will also die a lot due to the fact that is the only way to figure out some of the puzzles. You could probably beat the game before the 2 hour refund period is even up if you push yourself hard enough to do it. The game gets infuriating at times but it is understandable usually. The collectables are very easy to find as well. The combat system is boring and most of the time you will find yourself running from fights more than actually fighting which is not a bad thing but you normally cannot fight even if you wanted to. I would recommend if it was cheaper, such as $7.99 or below, but there are much better games to spend your money on which can give you a lot more enjoyment and time to kill."
,Recommended,211400,17398607,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,joeyk86,"I like it. Not too difficult. Enjoyable game. More towards casual. Good story as well, especially if you read the diary."
,Recommended,211400,17402454,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,twofiftythree,"Pretty but dumb. Beautiful art design and graphics, but is not polished gameplay or story-wise. You will roll your eyes, especially at the ending. Bought it on sale so not too much of a waste. Can be finished in one sitting. Do not believe all the hyped up reviews in its description. It's a passable, pretty game but it certainly isn't ""the best"" or ""redefines the genre."""
76561197973953619,Not Recommended,211400,17994610,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Gildea,"Nice graphics give way to imprecise, sluggish controls, trial and error gameplay. Story starts off as interesting gives way to silly cliche with some ridicuously ott voice acting."
76561197960404111,Recommended,211400,20701,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,[CI]Ghost,"I played Deadlight on the PC and found the graphics cool, the style interesting, and the story engaging. However, the controls are terrible, often non-responsive or over-responsive, and cumbersome - you need to be a dexterous piano-playing fiend to be able to work the default controls with any sort of comfort, and the lag between inputting what you wanted to do and it actually happening was frustrating and annoying. Worth $3.74, but not much more. 3/5 stars."
,Recommended,211400,1363452,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,murr,"It's kinda fun, but buggy as ♥♥♥♥. If you don't mind repeating parts for 10-20 minutes because you didn't press the right key combination or jump in the right place, or somehow manage to transport yourself through a wall back to the previous room while a door closes in front of you it'll be alright."
76561198003042752,Not Recommended,211400,17980505,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Joshua,The control is super stupid... Yet it's a survival/running game?It makes you more depressed when you died because of the stupid control...Amazing graphicAmazing music/sound effectbut stupid gameplayThis game just ruined my mood everytime I played!!
,Not Recommended,211400,17972710,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Dovakekuh,"Controls on this game are awfull and the character doenst do stuff on is own like jump on small boxes you need to jump them, pretty boring gameplay to be honest."
,Not Recommended,211400,17826582,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,|Doom| Sieg,2d action game with an ok story 5/10ProsFun for a whileShort enough to not get oldReally easyCons2-dGeneric sidescroller with zombies
76561198103650955,Not Recommended,211400,17513437,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,trading defuse kit skins,"I enjoyed this game.Until I realized how bad the jumping mechanics and overall moving works. You turn and recover from things very slowly, causing you to die multiple times. And when you get in a shadow's grasp, even if you press B or whatever button, you'll die most of the time.The voice acting is not the best. The main character is okay at some points, but the others are usually cringy. The script is crap, adding no dramatic points to what is happening. When a supporting character died, it was absolutely boring and not dramatic at all, some due to the acting, and most of it being the script. The story is just your average ""I need to rescue my family!"" story.The combat is clunky and the controls are crap. You can't kill a shadow unless you do a finishing move on it, which pretty much takes up all of your stamina.The parkour is alright and fun, except when it comes to the challenging puzzles. In some of them, you have to get it pinpoint, or else you die. You could try different techniques, but nope, you have to do it one way, the right way. And that way usually requires you to make sure you make the jump in 0.1 seconds or whatever.The graphics are nice, but get boring after a little bit. Sometimes it's hard to se where you're supposed to jump, due to the dark lighting. It gives it good atmosphere, but not when you're running from shadows and you can't see what you're doing.Definitely not worth the $15. Maybe $10 at the most.Overall, the gameplay is fun for a few minutes, then gets tedious and repetetive. After that it's not all that enjoyable.5/10"
,Recommended,211400,17509965,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Bryan Mills,"I don't usually enjoy platformers,but when I do, the game is Deadlight."
,Not Recommended,211400,134303,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Lacool,buy something else insteadlight
,Recommended,211400,17857641,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Godsblade,"The story for this game is pretty basic ""family in trouble, friends in trouble, escape zombies"" kind of thing, but it's the gameplay that helps this game to shine. The platforming and puzzles are nice and simple but can become complex if you don't see some of the small things. However, ""crouch-sliding"" is almost an impossibility and the puzzle with it is very agrivating. Also, the main character cannot take many hits from zombies (which I can understand) but it is not that hard to swing a fireaxe and it shouldn't take 4-5 hits to kill a zombie. Maybe it is hard to kill a zombie, but the main character should be a bit more attuned to using weapons to deal with zombies. It's an okay game if you can get past the few mistakes."
76561198101073107,Recommended,211400,17902964,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,thewizardmac,"Very nice game, worth your time 8/10"
76561198087656390,Recommended,211400,17961935,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,RedDwark,Really enjoyed playing this game.
76561198021057760,Recommended,211400,17911083,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,beastking,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJWWRlyVml8Prince of Persia with zombies...well, almost."
76561197994521065,Not Recommended,211400,9110202,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Lemans,Useless controls make it unplayable when you have to do things on a time limit. What a mess...
,Recommended,211400,9112638,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Scissors61,"A short side-scroller with quick achievements. The game is a non-stop thrill ride. My only issue with the title was that towards the end of the game,  the level design relied too much on the perfect executions of jumps/moves to proceed, which may result in plenty of rage induced yelling at the monitor. In the interest of fairness however, this is common in 2D platformers, but I raged a bit more than I wanted to. Overall, I had fun and enjoyed the experience. Great art, great music, decent story and is the perfect length. If the game were any longer, it would have felt like a drag."
,Recommended,211400,9121113,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,MattGiersoni,"Deadlight is a very good 2D platformer with a decent story, a bit cliche but decent. Set in 1980s Seattle after an outbreak of some disease that turned people into zombies, you play as Randall Wayne whose main goal is to save his friends and family. The characters are OK and voice acting is also quite good.The story is told by both in-game engine cutscenes and comic cutscenes where the art is really nice. I enjoyed the story but the ending is in my opinion horrible and just stupid without spoiling much. The controls are good with some exceptions and i definitely recommend playing this with X360 controller. The only bad thing and at the same time biggest issue is the ledge grabbing system in this game. You literally have to stand exactly below the ledge in order to grab it and if you stand even a centimeter back, the character won't grab it  90% of the time.Combat is decent for a 2D game, you can use your axe to chop zombies in half or use a couple guns to deal with the brainless pals. I found combat avoidable also since in a lot of cases you can simply jump through a zombie, provided you do it at the right time but that's probably a bug. The game is quite short, about 4-5 hours but if you have a free weekend or an evening it's worth playing it if you're a fan of zombie games / post apocalyptic scenarios."
,Recommended,211400,7519742,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Kvartsfinne,"Sjukt stämningsfullt, bra mekanik"
,Recommended,211400,7567782,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,CyPRESS,Все больше и больше стало атмосферных инди проектов. Так держать.
76561198098807270,Not Recommended,211400,16837689,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,hobbesworth,"Overall I don't recommend this game, but it's not completely without merit.I enjoyed the atmosphere--I'm impressed that a side scroller was able to create the atmosphere that this game creates. The tight graphics (especially the backgrounds) and sound (music, background noises, and voice acting) contribute immensely to the atmosphere, as do the zombies popping up and surprising you just enough to keep you on your toes but not enough to feel obnoxious. The classic limited resources also help provide an air of desperation.Many other reviewers report a buggy experience, which I have to say I did not have at all. The game ran flawlessly for me from start to finish.The story works, but I didn't find it incredible. Many people praise the ending, while many others seem to despise it. I found it unexciting and overall derivitive, but I was buying a zombie game so I guess I wasn't expecting James Joyce.What I disliked, and the reason I can't recommend the game was the gameplay itself. The controls are what I would call... loose. Sometimes I would try to climb a fence and simply push against it ineffectually. Sometimes a wall jump wouldn't work. Swinging your axe takes a while to complete its arc. At the beginning of the game, all of these things were fine, because I mostly had time to think out my next move. In fact it could add to the sense of desperation and realism because there would be a zombie right behind me, and I wouldn't be able to jump the fence in one go so I'd get eaten, or just barely escape. In the first third of the game I definitely died many times, but each time I died I learned how to progress, until the light came on and I figured out the optimal sequence of moves to beat that section.However, towards the middle of the game several sections have a chase/time limit mechanic that absolutely killed the gameplay for me. Suddenly all the little things that didn't bother me much in the beginning were what was holding me back from progressing--and I didn't feel like I was learning anything to try differently and achieve success. When I would finally beat those sections, I didn't feel good because I don't think that my skills factored into my success--I got a lucky run where every fence I saw I jumped on the first try.If I could choose a ""Meh"" recommendation I would, but honestly my ambivalence would probably lead me to review every game that way. I got the game for pretty cheap on sale, so I'm not mad about it. First two hours were great, and it slid downhill from there to kind of end leaving a bad taste in my mouth. I think that people more into zombie stories than me will probably really enjoy it.Summary:Atmosphere, Graphics, and Sound: Good to greatGameplay Mechanics: Start out good but a slippery slope into downright frustrating territory"
76561198125138722,Not Recommended,211400,16846452,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Flandalf,"It's an alright game for an extortionate price, and it's practically demo length, while the free running part of the game is acceptable, the combat however is silly, and more often than you'd wish, you get overrun by a ridiculous amount of 'Shadows' and there's very little you can do about it."
,Recommended,211400,17217114,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Flanle,Great gamge play. tthe vvvvvoice acting is a liittle weird//comicle sometimes.
,Not Recommended,211400,17182719,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Red,"Janky, buggy, and unsatisfying. I fell through walls, I fell through floors, I didn't fall when I was clearly meant to. Randall Wayne is a powerful wizard, with the ability to mold reality to his will. Maybe the most frustrating part of all of this is that many sections do not allow backtracking, but it is usually unclear when you will not be able to turn back and retrieve hidden items. The game is littered with secrets, but if you skip one, even though it remains in view, you will not be able to pick it up once you pass some arbitrary boundary. This requires you to replay entire sections of the game to return to whatever area you were in...The story is trash. The writing is freshman creative writing garbage with prose purpler than anything I've played in a decade. If you've seen any zombie flick, you know where things are going. Tequila Works took a little this, a little that, and cooked up a pot of all the major cliches in zombie media of the past thirty years.Puzzles (""puzzles"") are of the ""shoot thing"" variety. Many of those things are literal (LITERAL) bulls eyes. Which also glow blue, in case you are that dense.I felt like the game was aggressively insulting my intelligence. If you enjoy wasting your time with a game that provides challenge mainly by way of replicable glitches and unpredictable controls, this is for you.Everyone else: avoid."
76561197979189039,Recommended,211400,13619723,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,titan2010,"nice atmosphere, nice gameplay, nice story. Not a masterpiece but it's defenetly worth the money"
76561197995807288,Not Recommended,211400,13612737,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Willbak,"Too short, no original story and classic gameplay mechanics that are quickly boring.Yet, this game benefits from a detailed 3d environment and quality making."
,Recommended,211400,13618875,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AverageRuben,Really nice game! Great story and stunning graphics! Did encounter two bugs in the game.. Bot overall a very intense puzzel-survival game.
76561198169775025,Recommended,211400,13649261,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,HanRicky,"Excellent game, with a story that will keep you entertained for a few good hours. Graphically, the game is very pretty, although this comes with a cost, as sometimes there are some slowdowns when the game is loading, courtesy of Unreal Engine 3. The gameplay is in the old ""Flashback"" style, I recommend that you play it with a gamepad. Sometimes the response time is not ideal, and this can make the gameplay a little frustrating, but that was not enough to make me quit playing it till the end. It's not a perfect game, but I can assure you that it amused me a lot more than the last 3 games of the Resident Evil saga! So, if you like the old ""Flashback"" style gameplay, and if your favorite hobby is watching ""The Walking Dead"" series, than this is your game!"
,Recommended,211400,13654324,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,m0nk🔥,"I recommend to buy the game on sale because its good but not that long.Took about 4hours(3,9) to get through for me.Overall i enjoyd Deadlight."
76561198143465768,Recommended,211400,13605938,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bubba,This was an awesome game i loved playing it but it sucked that it ended so quickly and i hop there will be a 2nd one soon
,Recommended,211400,13597932,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,hadden18,"Excellent game. The story is gets you into the zombie apocallyptic times. The platforming puzzles are not particuarly challenging, neither are the enemies, though I didn't try the nightmare mode. I finished in just 5 hours, but they were memorable. The controls are lousy and they compromise you in some situations when you need precision. Overall I recommend this game if you like platfor/action games."
76561198023880979,Not Recommended,211400,13602678,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Pringlestache,"Bought it at the 2014 holiday sale.THE BAD:- Horrible voice acting- Predictable story- Rough and uneven level design- Clunky controls (not horrible, but not really good either)- Far too punishing for no reason sometimes(Gives you next to no indication that something which might kill you could pop up, and then boom. You're dead.)THE GOOD:- Pretty alright (albeit generic) music- Decent atmosphere- Great visualsIf I had paid full price for this game, I probably would have been very disappointed.Recommended only for fans of post apocalyptic zombie games, or to someone who wants a short game (3-5 hours)The game isn't bad, but I wouldn't exactly call it good, either."
,Not Recommended,211400,13911629,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Nemi,"Deadlight proves that while you CAN add zombies to every genre doesn't mean that you necessarily SHOULD. This is another example of a game where gameplay and story kind of deviate. How am I to believe that zombies destroyed society when I can just bypass them by standing on a car, shouting at them and then jump over them?Still, I like parcour games, so I still enjoyed it. Wouldn't really recommend it as much as other games though."
76561198006229423,Not Recommended,211400,13913535,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Campin_Carl,"This game is awful.It tricked me at first though, lured me in with its promises of a gritty 2D zombie game. What makes this game so bad is it's god awful controls and gameplay. You will die several times because of the poor controls, escpecially if you are using a keyboard. The story of the game is decent and doesn't bring the game up or down but this game really does shine with it's looks. It is a pretty game.Pros:- It looks great.- The down to earth setting of the US in the 80's.- It has zombies.- Cheap game.Cons:- The controls are awful and will kill you plenty of times.- The gameplay is extremely basic with the exception of the interaction between zombies and the player.- It's kinda short.Meh:- The story.In conclusion:The controls really kill the joy of this game but if you can manage that it will be a fun game worth it's cost."
,Recommended,211400,13898918,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Radioactive Banana,Awesome little game. Great atmosphere and story. Also very nice 2D gameplay style.
,Not Recommended,211400,16561045,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Spandexman,Rage Quit Simulator.Garbage controls. Zobies perpendicular to you will kill you while you can't kill them. The writing and the voice acting: cringe worthy.
76561197989047519,Not Recommended,211400,16583338,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MarkyMark,
76561198067894666,Recommended,211400,16583615,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,WTisthebest,Its a nice game only cost $2.99 for sale. Its worth for about 4 to 5 hours gaming time.The story is also dramatic.The only bad thing of it is the control is a little bit laggy.
,Recommended,211400,16586308,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[SDN]Joe,"The dark grunge style graphics lend to creating a very atmospheric experience; mixed with free running and zombies this game is a fresh take on survival in a post-apocalyptic metropolis.This game, while being quite short, is very enjoyable and has just the right level of difficulty to make gameplay fun."
,Not Recommended,211400,16590204,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Naxzer,"The game is fun in its core, you stealth around, push some boxes, the game is actually a bit too easy.Then, you meet the rat, where you go through an underground tunnel where you basicly shoot your gun at some switches to continue, very bad puzzles...Then after that, you go through some run scenes, where nothing is based on skill, and you die if you stumble. And you're maybe asking yourself, ""Whats the problem with that?"" Well... Through these run mazes there are randomly places boxes and stuff everywhere, that you basicly cant possibly see the first time you run it, so you attempt to run the course, you stumble in box number 1 and try again, you stumble in box number 2 and you try again, you stumble in box number 3, you try again, and so on.Ok so you have come past the tedious living hell running courses, heres another one! WITH STUFF FALLING DOWN RANDOMLY! So you have to run quick as F***, dodge traps, and hope theres no boxes in the way, which there obviously are. Not only that, the controls are very bad and slow, when you attempt to jump over a ledge, the game makes you go from side to side several times before you can jump down on the other side, which you will die from ALOT. This game is basicly really hard only because of tedious boxes and bad controls, it tries to be a zombie, parkour and puzzle game which works out really badly because the game basicly tells you ""Be careful and watch your step to avoid traps"" aswell as ""Run as quick as F***ING possible"".After a while i had to just close the game because of how tedious and boring it is. Oh and the story is bad aswell, so no love for any kind of gamer.I really cant recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,211400,16530392,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Legosaur,fantastic game. looks great. cool puzzles. addicting gameplay.
,Recommended,211400,2335904,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Xalos,"This game is a great challenge, Some parts you'll have to retry about 6 times or more. This game always think about where your exit will be then where your facing. The story is also great, I have to give this game a 4.95/5(due to the little ""bugs"")."
,Not Recommended,211400,16541747,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Leo,"No the worst game I've ever played, but pretty pretty bad.Pros:- Nice graphic experience if you have 3D Vision, looks pretty.Cons:- Awful controls- Awful story, lots of cliches and stupid situation (i.e: guard has m4, you kill him and can't pick up weapon)- Waypoints and savepoints are awful, specially if you quit the game- You die if you touch the water, yes, just like Castlevania, but this is a game that came 30 years later. So yeah, game sucks."
,Recommended,211400,16542400,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bearwolfblood,Real good. Lots of places where the game actually starts to feel incredibly stressful. Kind of short though.
76561197977670949,Recommended,211400,16371410,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,biostudent,"Played it finished it. Good story. It's a zombie game that does not require you to mow down an endless horde of shambling dead. You need to run, jump, and sometimes fight. There are plenty of platforming puzzles along the way. There are a few places where I had to replay over and over due to not getting the timing right. You don't start over right where you left off if you die. That can be annoying, especially if you die right after a particularly frustrating puzzle and have to do it again.Overall though, good game. Recommend. Play."
76561198072635787,Recommended,211400,16373398,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jebiwibiwabo,"First off, this game is visually stunning, the atmosphere is perfect and the way it is implemented into the story is damn near perfect.However, there are a few things that I will talk about negatively before i get back to the pro's. The voice acting at times is sub-par, there was not one character who spoke in a fashion appropriate the their current situation (especially towards the end of the game with the enemy soldiers) and sometimes the ragdolls bugged out (it did not effect gameplay however), however these are my only few gripes with the game, some complain about check-points and difficulty however that never bothered me as i welcomed the challenge.Our main character Randallat first seems like a bland character however after collecting his diary pages and completing his flashbacks you will find his character more interesting than previously thought. Gameplay was impeccable, I found no error with it and I enjoyed it immensely, along with it's combination with puzzles I found myself having much more fun than usual as the speed of the game would frequently change from slow to fast, as urgency increased with every additional zombie."
,Recommended,211400,2758939,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Aelorye,Very atmospheric post-apocalyptic game with sad storyline. This game make me cry...
76561198002243576,Recommended,211400,2097685,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,Manthraxx[DK] (RumGevir),Well worth the money. Fans of the old Prince of Persia will really enjoy this game :)
,Recommended,211400,16364302,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,face,"I liked this platformer game. Nice Atmo, pretty tense sometimes. All in all recommended."
,Recommended,211400,881861,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Observe it's motion!👒👌,Overpriced game snack
,Not Recommended,211400,16400179,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Randal Hayswagger,"Don't buy this game. I was convinced by all the reviews that I was buying an interesting, solid game. But no. The story is boring, the characters are boring, the writing is on par with a High Schooler's English class writing assignment. No shortage of bad one liners and really, REALLY terrible puns. The game is so linear and narrow minded it basically insults your intelligence because it's so straight forward yet holds your hand every step of the way.You start off in warehouse, after having killed some woman who wandered off, got torn up by zombies (bites, cuts, bruises, etc) all over her body. She turns into a zombie. You shoot her in the head. Cue nobodies who enter and are apparently part of your group. They are IMMEDIATELY annoying and offer nothing other than screaming and crying at you for shooting a zombie that they apparently knew. You then give them your only gun for some reason while they run off. Great.You're handed achievements for doing something simple like pressing a button or opening a door like the game instructs you to. You find ""diary pages"" throughout the game that are already detailed with events that happened literally minutes ago.Weapons are incredibly weak. Talking 8+ swings to kill 1 zombie with a fire axe.Glitchy. I pushed a zombie down a hole. She emits an ear ripping shriek, I look down, she's hoving in the air and spraying blood everywhere, then slowly decends while still spraying blood and doing some weird falling animation repeatedly while falling. Then slides into a wall and stands there. Tried climbing through a window. Got stuck in a near infinite loop of my character climbing in and out of the window.This game is just... dull. So dull. It might be interesting if you were 7.3/10."
,Recommended,211400,16404003,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,peachflavored,"As a zombie fan I had to try this Deadlight since the moment I saw the first trailer for this game. I've waited and waited and finally decided to give it a try thanks to the price drop in this 2015 Summer Sale (for about €2.39). At first I liked what I saw: the graphics were nice, not great but functional and detailed, the atmosphere was spot on but then there's the gameplay, the very foundation of every single game on this planet. Well, even tho it is simple and rather easy to get in, it suffers from small problems like it has a mind of its own, especially during those moments where quick reflexes are needed and the controls must be close to perfection. In Deadlight that's not the case and it can lead to some frustration, more so if played in Nightmare Mode, where there are no checkpoints (only between chapters). Also, the game seems only to work with Xbox360 controller, I've tried a PS2 controller with USB adapter and nothing happened (literally)! The sound is a mixed bag in my opinion. The ambient sound and sound effects are ok but the voice acting lacks something and sounds bland and dull for most part. Also, the sound seems to mute during some of the cutscenes for some reason I don't know (some other players complain about this issue as well). And don't expect a long game, it will be over in no time, lasting about 5 hours tops.My verdict? Buy it for cheap, it's not bad but not great either."
,Recommended,211400,16386212,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mermalaide,"This game is really great. You can feel the nostaglia, the care in the making of it, it really feels like you are right there! The Prince of Persia style puzzle/action enviroments were really great as well. I am really glad I gave this game a chance, because it was a lot of fun, and filled with a lot of interesting characters and stories. The Rat Man is a boss! Highly recommend to anybody that loves zombies and the 80's."
76561198019663347,Not Recommended,211400,16389618,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,babarzsteiger,"It has good gameplay, but the story is very poor and so cliché. Voice acting and dialogs  become quite boring after a couple of levels. Finished in 4 hours."
,Not Recommended,211400,13699865,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Salok,"This game, even heavily discounted, is not worth it. I'll give you the reasons in these lines.#1 : this is not what most would expect from a zombie game : almost no survival elements and no really violent situations.#2 : the entire game is too damn short ! It took me less than 3 hours to beat this ! Back then I bought the game for 2 euros, it's like I payed almost a euro for an hour of a not fun game !#3 : the progression is linear : and by that I mean if you don't do certain things the way the devs wants you to, you'll be rewarded with an instant kill !#4 : controls are dodgy and not explained well, for instance, when climbing a wall or a fence, you can jump away from it by pressing the jump button ; seems logic, right ? Now if I tell you that if you want to go on the other side of that wall or fence once on top of the damn thing, you have to press both up and jump buttons, resulting in some infuriating moments when you thought you could jump over a wall but instead jump away from it and die an horrible death.#5 : the storyline makes no sense whatsoever, especially the second half of the game,from when you meet The Rat, which seems to be hated all over the steam reviews.from here, the game becomes more of a trap-dodging, die and retry platformer which ruins the entire universe it was trying to build up before.Also, it has one of the worst ending I ever faced in a video game, ever ! Even RAGE's one was better in every aspect !#6 : the way you fight in this game SUCKS. I know you're not supposed to be a one-man-army, but still; I expect to be able to kill someone with a single powerful blow with a Firefighter's axe but NOPE. The aiming with firearms is innacurate, damages you seem to do to enemies are completely random with those as wellespecially with the shotgun, even CS:GO's ones are more reliable !#7 : It has this game mode (which is unlocked only after beating the game once) which is pretty much a perma-death mode : if you die, you go back to the begining of the game ... I personnaly don't even know why this mode is here. This game has no replay value whatsoever and this kind of mode only fits on short, partialy or entirely proceduraly generated games (The Binding of Isaac, Minecraft, and pretty much every damn ""rogue-like""). IT'S NOT GOOD FOR LINEAR PLATFORMERS, ESPECIALLY IF IT HAS BAD CONTROLS. I forgot to mention that this mode does not save at any point : you have to beat the game in one shot.I wonder if someone can pass the whole f*ckin' labyrinth without having a walkthrough running at the same time !#8 : This game has poor performances, I can run games such as Counter Strike Global Offensive with some very good gaphical options with no problems but this game is pretty damn bad, I had to turn the options all the way down to be able to play the thing.#9 : There are some MUCH BETTER PLATFORMERS YOU CAN BUY ON STEAM !"
76561198030455084,Recommended,211400,13700003,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,xavivg,"Great game, history and atmosphere. Must play!"
76561198082432908,Not Recommended,211400,13700174,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cheezecat,"Bought into the hype of the game. For the first hour - yes it is good. Then the problems starts occuring. I've had three crashes in 3 hours of gameplay and it all seems to occur when hitting the start button to acess the in-game menu. It doesn't happen all the time but enough to frustrate. Then there is the platforming sequences which locks you in, preventing any freedom of gameplay. It's essentially trial and error till you get it with many many deaths along the way.If you fancy this sort of playstyle then this game is for you. I'd give it an overall 5/10. For the £0.99 I paid for it I guess it was ok but not at full price."
76561198041914444,Recommended,211400,4793474,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Marco Rubio,"Get this game, fool!!!!"
76561197962092605,Recommended,211400,13700835,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Blackhawk,Awesome game! Reminds me of the game Blackthorne on the SNES but with infected/zombies.   :)
,Not Recommended,211400,13701343,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Whizkid75,Played for about 15 mins and got bored. Does it get better? Who knows. . .
,Recommended,211400,13701826,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Satskar,"I hate platformers, but this game is so strong in every other aspect I can highly recommend."
76561198043730957,Recommended,211400,13703030,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Shadowshark,"Deadlight is a game that from nowhere crossed my path. Graphically speaking you can’t miss the resemblance to Limbo but with a lot more zombies and guns. I like how well the story is written. The action in the game is greatly performed and with all that combined in a mix it seems like a promising game. Part I disliked about the game was the bugs that can be very frustrating especially on nightmare mode. Now just to be clear with you it’s been a while since I last played the game and the bugs could have been fixed. All in all it’s fun and you should try it out, but I think the fair score would be 6.5/10."
76561197969248931,Not Recommended,211400,13704128,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Breakr,Utter piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥port.  Basic controls do not work.  Waste of money even at the $1.49 I paid for it.
,Not Recommended,211400,13728693,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,apen,No good anti-aliasing.
76561197991085701,Not Recommended,211400,13731977,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ferden,"Bought it on sale for 3.39For a game that takes 3 hours, that's worth it. For regular price, definitely not.Cool graphics, neat gameplay. Storyline albeit predictable but overall not bad.But the bottom line is that this game is not worth the money full price. 80% off makes it worth playing through, but you only get about 3 hours of gameplay (then you get to unlock the hardmode version of the same game)."
,Recommended,211400,13732898,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dampiir,Good game overall however it was a pain at times when the controls seemed quite sluggish and non-responsive.Was clearly a console game ported to PC. Ran into a couple of bugs also where after jumping through a window while running with a friendly NPC I was thrown back out of the building and had no choice but to reload checkpoint maybe 4-5 times.Very short also finished in around 6 hours. Will be a higher score if more chapters are released.6/10
,Recommended,211400,13706252,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kattriel,Was a great game to play though. One of a small list of game i play that i played it none stop until the end!
76561198016428527,Recommended,211400,13698470,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sv0gthir,"Fairly decent platform game. Reminded me of a 90s game called Flashback back on my 80386 days.The atmosphere is great, the graphics are uber nice. Combat is a bit weird and story line could be a bit better. I love the comic-ish cut scenes. Voice overs are ok. Will try the nightmare mode at some point too. Not sure I would pay the full price for it but it is worth way more than the 1 GBP I paid during the winter sale.RECOMMENDED!!!!  10/10 value for money during winter sale.8 / 10  game wise"
,Recommended,211400,13720928,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DeGo:x,"One of the best games that and played voucher a sorrow to buy it, good history and exelentes stories. Something I cut the game but, he continues being one of the best. Even it has very good graphs and effects. The only one problem is the compatibility of another joystick the generic one.9/10"
76561197990517164,Not Recommended,211400,13721083,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PolyOne,"A decent game, but marred by technical issues and an uneven gameplay experience.Grab it on a sale for a short but entertaining ride.Recommend playing with a gamepad.The good:- Superb graphics, both artistically and technically.- A couple of excellent chase and combat sequences.The bad:- Dodgy voice acting and script.- Some technical issues are common, but solveable.- The game momentarily froze or downright crashed on me when I hit the pause button. No joke.- It's possible to get stuck in a couple of levels if the game doesn't reload correctly.- Unsatisfying ending."
76561198116874858,Recommended,211400,13721839,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Wookamus T.,"loving this game, full on. I really had no idea of what to expect myself, but I urge you to pick this up, because you will be pleased. I almost feel bad for getting such a deal on it, for something I will play again once I complete it. Flavorful gaming!"
76561197984900361,Recommended,211400,13723741,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,madp0k,"Got it for 90p, really enjoyed it, 5hr run through, love the art style, great little game."
76561198011164231,Recommended,211400,13724518,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ninjacupcake83,Buy it! Play it! Enjoy it... I did completely that. Well done Tequilla.On to Nightmare mode now for the final Acheivement...
76561198038786186,Recommended,211400,13714036,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sique,something out of a hollywood moviestruly esthetic.
,Not Recommended,211400,806944,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Butterknife,"The game felt short. The cut scenes were buggy and sometimes lost sound. Where platformers go, the controls felt kind of loose in some places.As soon as you get more powerful weapons, it takes everything away from you. It does this twice. I felt like they just slid the difficulty scale back and forth because they knew there wasn't much content to be had.If you really like reading, the game might be for you. You collect pages of the main character's diary throughout the game, and it tells his backstory to you through the words of a man who maybe only graduated 8th grade.All in all, I don't want to say it's a bad game, because it has it's moments. I'd say wait for it to go on sale. I don't feel like I got my $15 out of it. It's at least got great art work and graphics.If you want a really good platformer, try Mark of the Ninja."
,Recommended,211400,367606,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Terru,Just a good game with a nostalgic flavour. Worth playing.
,Recommended,211400,127998,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,brent,"Imagine the original, sidescrolling Prince of Persia set in the gloomy Pacific Northwest. During a zombie apocalypse. In 1986. With awesome 3D graphics. Times ten.  Baby, you got a stew going.It really is an amazing game. Unfortunately, there were some pretty big cons:1. There was no sound in the cutscenes.  From reading on the internet it's apparently a pretty widespread problem that's being completely ignored by the developers.  There are some hacky fixes like copying over a certain dll from another game (didn't work for me), and alt-tabbing in and out of the game during the cutscenes to restore the sound (worked about 90% of the time for me).  The going theory is this is another symptom of ♥♥♥♥♥♥-console-port-itis. I didn't have any other ""technical"" issues other than this.2. There were 2 or 3 absolutely unforgivingly hard points in the game where I died 9 trillion times on the same ""jump"" or ""fight"" and had to watch the death screen, fade to black, pop back to the last checkpoint, then listen to triggered monologue again. And again. And again. Really annoying. I remember reading that the developers of Super Meat Boy spent a large chunk of time making dying in that game not discouraging to the player because it happens a lot.  This game could have benefitted from a little of that.3. Pretty short, probably about 4-6 hours long, depending on playstyle and achievement hunting. You probably won't get all of them on your first play through, and winning does unlock a nightmare mode, so who knows."
,Not Recommended,211400,1170451,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Buttonbasher,"It's Limbo + Shadow Complex + Out of this World/Another World + classic Prince of Persia. And it still manages to leave me completely indifferent. It's not bad, but not super great. Also it has an identical story to I Am Alive with a few variables changed. It can be summed up with a shrug."
,Recommended,211400,750369,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,b3Nign,"Another very good platformer that has luckily made it to the PC. Quality wise it ties in with the recent Mark of the Ninja and Limbo and guides you through a short ""Zombie Apocalypse Surival"" story but without feeling like the stereotypical Zombie stories that most of us might be tired by now."
,Recommended,211400,4235309,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Germaximus,If you're already thinking about buying this just do it. =)
,Recommended,211400,1686932,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Kure[DJS],"Great game : good story, simple gameplay, well designed...I really liked it."
76561197997238224,Not Recommended,211400,1739845,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Yllems,Interesting gameplay at first but is completely linear and got boring after awhile.
,Recommended,211400,4379511,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,GasMask,Graphical Overkill for a side-scrolling game. But very nice game.
,Recommended,211400,2913203,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Mad Muffin,"Amazingly well-crafted platformer, with immense detail on each level. Amazing atmosphere and characters. What it lacks in story easily makes up in difficulty. Must have for any platformer lover. 3.5/5"
,Recommended,211400,2484280,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,MichaelHeuvel,Awesome art style and some challenging environmental puzzle-solving.   Downside to this game is it's length you'll have the credits rolling after only 4 hours of game-play.
76561198040690039,Recommended,211400,7764880,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,StevenvanL,"Deadlight is a pseudo-3D puzzler / action / platformer that takes place in a somewhat cliché setting. The world has been ripped apart by a zombie-apocalypse and you are one of very few survivors, trying to track down your wife and daughter. As plots go, it’s not something that hasn’t been done before and it has been done better. Part of the story you can even take or leave, as you will find pages of your own diary that, against all logic and reason, are scattered throughout the levels. There is an obligatory twist ending that is clumsily handled, more groan-inducing than profound or surprising. There is a voice-over narration by the character you play and the writing is corny and on-the-nose, though the voice is appropriately gruff. I have to assume the character was doing voice-over work for action-movie trailers before the end of the world came along. In between the bits where you are in control, there are cut-scenes in gritty graphic novel style that show events that would be hard to capture using the faux 3D playing field. The style in which these are drawn, comes suspiciously close to the style used for the The Walking Dead comics and game.In case the semi-3D needs clarification; it means you are running through an environment that looks 3D, but you can only follow a straight line through it, running along the screen from one side to the other. As you enter buildings, the sides disappear to show you what’s inside. Being caught in 2D plane doesn’t really help your immersion as you are sometimes looking at the background thinking ‘Well, can’t he just go through there?’ or ‘That object I can’t get to in the back would really come in handy right now’. You just have to accept you can only work within the narrowly predetermined options offered by the game. Most of the time, there is only one way to proceed.Deadlight makes up for most of its shortcomings by looking and sounding very good, creating a dark, interesting atmosphere. The slower parts of the soundtrack are beautifully sad and during the action bits, the music turns frenetic and helps to speed up your pulse. However, the mood can’t quite compensate for trial-and-error gameplay, clumsy save-points and controls that aren’t quite as tight as the game wants them to be. A few times, the game will spring something deadly on you so fast that there is no way to not get killed the first time you pass through. During sections where speed is of the essence, you will find yourself repeatedly dying because your alter-ego won’t drop himself from a wall at the exact moment you tell him to. He is also a bit particular when standing under a ladder; he may jump straight up and grab it as intended or take a big jump sideways if slightly misplaced. And then when you die (unfairly) you may find yourself in the room/section before the one you died in, meaning you have to replay a bit you got right the first time. It may be an attempt to stretch the playtime (which is still not that long) but it spoils the mix of challenge and enjoyment a bit, adding too much frustration to the recipe.After you finish the story, Nightmare Mode is unlocked, which apparently does away with the save-points altogether and would have you do a full playthrough without dying. For the life of me I can’t imagine why anyone would subject themselves to that, especially given the sticky controls, but I am sure someone has already posted the video of them succeeding.  All in all, Deadlight makes for an interesting palate cleanser in between larger, more complex games and I would recommend it if you find it for a bargain price. Just be prepared to find yourself cursing at your monitor from time to time.www.popcultjunk.com"
,Recommended,211400,151602,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,$trato$,"This game is short but has a nice gameplay mechanic and the story is great too. This is why i love indie games, the dont try the same as all other big studios, the are made a great game and u can fell the love for this game. Thx Tequila Works.Go grab it its awsome"
76561197993236460,Recommended,211400,1434414,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Food and such,"A fantastic modern 2D platformer, Deadlight shows that 2D is far from dead and should still be considered a vibrant genre. The game suffers a bit from glitches, audio issues, a stereotypical man-saves-women zombie storyline, and it can be hard to see where to go/jump/etc. but that is all outshined by its positives. It has beautiful graphics, tons of quality backstory, lots of extras, fun gameplay, and a great atmosphere. Definitely worth the cost, especially on sale, if you like zombies this is another must buy."
76561197980977444,Recommended,211400,883179,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,NovikoV,5+
76561197991232794,Recommended,211400,1313388,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,SkylineEter,"Fairly innovative game. It is a lot of fun and it reminds me of games such as the old school Prince of Persia (2D) or Super Metroid (because there are hidden compartments and treasures you can find). Plus it has zombies, what else do you need?"
,Recommended,211400,7373163,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Lumix .,"Do you like zombies ? Do you like platformer game ? Then stop searching, you found it !Deadlight is a nice platformer game wich is better to play with an xbox controller, sadly don't expect more that 3h30-4h to get throught the whole story.I liked the design gameplay and ""cinematic""They are 2 endings possible. I prefer the first one (the default one)7/10"
76561198081872049,Recommended,211400,6992946,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Lord Burger,"A charming little side-scroller, with zombies and some collectibles for good measure. Also, it takes place in an alternate dimension 1980's Seattle!"
,Recommended,211400,17039151,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Conundrum,"It's fun, but it's very short. I'm a relatively experienced gamer but it took me 3 hours to complete the story mode. There's a ""Nightmare"" difficulty that unlocks after the first run-through, but I can't think of any particular reason to spend any more time on this game.The story is fun, if not particularly deep. The voice acting is fairly bad but not quite atrocious enough to count for negative marks. My only real complaint with the plot is that there's a lot more they could have done with it, and about a million loose ends are left when the credits roll.If you can get it for less than five dollars, I recommend it. I do not recommend it for full price."
76561198021903573,Not Recommended,211400,19952840,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Pain,"One of the most annoying games I have ever played.If you don't plan to use a controller, don't play the game.EDIT: I wrote this while being quite frustrated. So I will add a few things.The GoodFirstly, the storyline is great. Immersive and enjoyable. Secondly, the backgrounds are detailed and interesting.The BadCutscenes often have no sound, this seems to be a pretty common problem with all players.Playing the game without a controller is really frustrating. There are often scenes where you are required to have your fingers in twenty places at once. You might need to be an accomplished pianist to do this.There are moments where you will die twenty times in a row before getting past a section. This is not necessarily bad, but the answer to some sections is not necessarily logical.Zombies in a given area are often infinite, which is gay and unrealistic."
76561198081779117,Not Recommended,211400,20049722,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Brikk Steele,"Luck, convenience, ham-handed lessons, unnecessarily lengthy dialogue, two-dimensional characters, a scene ripped straight out of The Walking Dead, a goal that the player has no reason to care about, and one or two poorly presented puzzles make an otherwise fun game into a slightly frustrating slog through a world of browns and greys. If you play games for a story, you can skip this one, but if you like jumping puzzles, then this is the game for you. Pretty good soundtrack and visuals, though."
76561198009395344,Recommended,211400,19947716,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Pablix,"Muy buen juego, te mantiene en la acción de inicio a fin, lo unico malo es que es muy corto.Esperamos la segunda parte,Excelente 10/10."
,Recommended,211400,20000207,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,fgsouza,"Great game, almost old-school, with amazing visuals."
,Recommended,211400,19964350,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Goat el Pollito,"Short but gold. Despite being a ""different"" zombie game, it is one of the most interesting ones. A must-buy for the zombie (even the platformer) genre lovers.8,5/10"
,Recommended,211400,13760658,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bianconiglio,"Complessivamente è un bel gioco. Semplice schema e comandi, descrizione conforme al contenuto e buona giocabilità (forse ancor meglio giocarlo con un joypad che con la tastiera). Ambientazioni curatissime, alta quaità e originali. Per quanto riguarda grafica+originalità+qualità del gioco è di alto livello.Unica pecca forse la lunghezza: un poco corto per i miei gusti, forse un capitolo in più non guastava. Connesso all lunghezza anche il raporto gioco /prezzo: non è tanto equo. Consiglio personalmente di acqustarlo in offerta senza spenderci più di 3 euro. Intesi, il gioco è ottimo, ma potendolo finire in poche ore (2 e mezzo/3) non vale 10-11 euro come uno skyrim che ci puoi spendere un anno della tua vita a finirlo completamente.Quindi consigliato a chi piace il genere!  e buon divertimento."
,Recommended,211400,19887956,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Twosheds,"Fun, but never completed :("
,Recommended,211400,20047538,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,"Donald ""Adolf Hitler"" Trump","Smooth parkour and gunplay, with the occasional stupidly frustrating, ragequit inducing segments, frustrating enough that I never want to play this game again, though I'm glad I completed it. Interesting story with a fleshed out main character. Happily deleting this game now, no thank you Nightmare Mode."
76561198067133858,Not Recommended,211400,20021210,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,doandaniel32,"I just finished beating the game and this is all I have to say:1. If you are looking for a 2D game similar to Assassins Creed Chronicles (China) but more frustrating with a barely enjoyable story to follow, you got it here.2. The control over the character during gameplay was always delayed for me and made it even more annoying when you had to be quick about your actions.3. I finished the game because I bought it and I wanted to beat it, but overall it was more frustrating than it was enjoyable and more could have been put into the story and characters.   I'm indifferent about suggesting anyone to buy this."
,Recommended,211400,3574948,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Kozi,"Game mechanics are simple, but this title has an outstanding zombie-apocalyptic atmosphere thanks to its beautiful visuals, superb voice acting and the really epic soundtrack. It is not a flawless PC port, it has some technical issues.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqXrxDNF5LQ&list=PLERyxB7SViORDsS_EhKpbsB081g4PFBcP"
,Recommended,211400,6747121,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Daddy,"Great story! Short game, but the makers didn't lose sight of the plot. Must play!"
76561198066267951,Recommended,211400,9386769,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,pacobw3,too short
,Recommended,211400,19878939,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lonegun,"Deadlight seems to be a fun game, but suffers from being a console port and as such requires a game controller. My main issue is not being able to remap the keyboard. Without that, some of the levels require some interesting finger gymnastics. I do suggest trying the game only if you have a game controller."
76561197994003201,Recommended,211400,19911026,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ScrunchMcBunch,A lot of frustrating moments due to clunky controls but overall it was a good game.
76561198003565373,Recommended,211400,13857665,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,[GAW] Luuna,"Hello,This game was quite good.I had troubles with the way to jump over fences and walls, as I kept going forth and back like twice almost everytime I tried to go over one (part is me but how is that possible to let the player go wrong that much).The game has some difficulties, and it's fun to play.Not really a big fan of zombies, but it was well designed and fight felt ok, as long as you don't try to take on hordes of zombies.It took me around 4h to finish the game.You may see lots of bad review about bugs etc. I did get the game way later on, and I don't recall having bugs really, I do think devs worked on it to make it clean.I recommend this game for people who like platformer and zombies stories.Luuna."
,Recommended,211400,2128990,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,AlienHP,"Bella storia, bel design. È un vero peccato che abbia così poca longevità (l'ho finito al 75% in poco più di 3 ore) e qualche bug dovuto ad un porting da Xbox abbastanza discutibile."
,Recommended,211400,19873477,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,pow pow,"the only thing that bothered me was, that this game is way too short. i really enjoyed the story, graphic and gameplay. i hardly can't find any negative things. well, there is that thing with that collapsing buildung you need to get through in time... well... it took me a felt thousand tries. xD"
,Recommended,211400,13699137,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Earthquake,"Я считаю, что эта хорошая приключенческая игра с зомби!В этой игре вам придется не плохо подумать, чтобы добраться до чекпоинта.Но самое красивое в ней, это 3d пейзажи на заднем плане, саундтек и конечно-же атмосфера!Рекоментую Deadlight к покупке, вы не пожалеете."
76561198099124569,Not Recommended,211400,20123762,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,^4Gorace,"The story and setting is dull and trivial, nothing new to the genre. Gameplay is casual  and boring."
76561198048803237,Not Recommended,211400,17566483,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ChronicChronicler,"All in all, Deadlight is an artistically great game with several titbits that’ll give some entertainment in of it, but beyond that it won’t be remembered as a great game as a whole. In reality, it’s really hard to remember this game after completion. I do hope Tequila Works learns from Deadlight and, with their second game, Rime, coming out on the upcoming PS4, because they do have some good points which they can learn from and, with a little originality, they can produce good storylines along with great graphics.https://chronicchronicler.wordpress.com/2013/09/09/deadlight-guess-what-zombies-again/"
76561197988027474,Recommended,211400,17572955,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,mInThisMoment,"The GOOD: Game was actually really good, the portion that I could play at least. Kinda reminds me of that game Limbo and several other side scrollers. Some people have complained about the games controls...to be honest, they aren't great but if you plug in a controller it is a much better experience.The BAD: It's just too bad there doesn't seem to be a fix for this ""LOTDgame.exe"" game crashing error. Myself and several others based on the community forum have this issue and there seems to be no fix to it. I got to a certain point right after meeting the Rat and going through his...well whatever it is, it's one helluva security system. And now when I try to load where I left off...I just get the same error. Also the controls are a bit odd to play with using the keyboard, if you have a gamepad your experience will be much better I believe.The OTHER: If you want to chance that you're one of the people that doesn't get this horrible error. Then you'll probably enjoy it. Otherwise, you'll be frustrated like me and some others that until they figure out a fix...you'll never finish this game."
76561198070177284,Recommended,211400,17628039,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Dread,Intressant Spel på 3tim~. Rolig och ibland frustrerande platformer.
,Recommended,211400,17607552,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Postnomad,"A very special gaming experience. Awesome atmosphere and excitement. If you like the zombie-apocalyptic world, this is really going to like!Nagyon különleges játékélmény! Félelmetes hangulat és izgalom. Ha szereted a poszt-apokaliptikus világot, ez nagyon fog tetszeni!"
76561198035348784,Recommended,211400,17618827,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,CheddarUSA,"Reminded me of Flashback on the Amiga back in the day.The graphics are very atmospheric, great lighting. The soundtrack is also pretty good. As for the game itself, it's short, there's denying that. I completed it in 5hrs which is pretty long compared to most people. The controls can be a little clunky and yes the game can be annoying with a lot of trial and error involving puzzles.Overall though if you can pick the game up for a few bucks it's well worth it. It's like a little mini walking dead game."
,Recommended,211400,1005533,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Suspiria,Pretty much every facet of amazing.
76561197987690580,Recommended,211400,14385391,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Fincher,"Even if it's a short game, we are captivated from the beginning to the end. A mix between ""The Walking Dead"" and ""Limbo"" where survival border on strategy. Graphics and musics/sounds are representative of the post-apocalyptic atmosphere of the game. The narrative side is not to be outdone, the end of the game will prove it."
76561197977696322,Not Recommended,211400,17894615,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dan,"The game looks great, and have a great atmosphere at times. It all starts well, but it very soon gets repetive and boring. Its way to much trial and error. Is it fun play the same scene over and over again, trying to hit the right keys in the right spot ? To me, no! I sit down to play to get entertained, not doing mindless tasks over and over agin. I would say 1/3 of the game is ok, the rest is just boring and way off the atmospheric and interesting track it was meant to follow."
76561198108250911,Not Recommended,211400,17809654,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,carlos.m.fino,"Extremely short, easy to play through, bad plot, terrible voice acting.Only worth for the visuals, but definetly not for this money."
,Recommended,211400,17814772,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,night_trekker,"+ Solid mechanics. Simple and intuitive. Deadlight reminds me of classic platformers like Prince of Persia and Flashback. I do not understand reviewer complaints about control responsiveness.+ Beautiful art direction. The game looks appropriately dank and gritty. The cutscenes are done in a limited animation graphic novel style which looks gorgeous and fits the world perfectly. Hugely amospheric.+ An appropriately understated, mostly ambient soundtrack. Occasionally rises to greatness.= Voice acting that ranges from acceptable to cheesy. (The bad dialogue doesn't help.)= Very short.- Truly terrible writing. Within the game itself, it's bearable. The unlockable diary entries are jaw-droppingly amateurish for such a high-quality game, including the occasional grammatical mistake. I was not surprised to learn Tequila Works is not a natively English-speaking developer. A weak translation might be to blame for some but not all of the issues. The plot itself is derivative in the extreme, though it does contain a few high points.- Somewhat buggy. Some minor bugs, like specific death sounds playing after reloads instead of when you die, dialogue not playing after pausing and unpausing, and sound not playing during specific cutscenes. Some more serious ones, like puzzles not properly resetting after death. (Thankfully, being able to restart sections stops this from being game-breaking.)TD;DR: It's short, but you'll probably enjoy it while it lasts. Recommended if it's on sale, you like zombie games with great visuals, and you enjoyed classic platformers like Prince of Persia or its gameplay clones. You'll have to overlook the poor writing and the flat characters."
,Recommended,211400,1522321,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,BUZZ KILL,Good game.
,Recommended,211400,9007222,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Boinz,"As overflowing as we are in zombie video games, this side scrolling semi 3d zombie platformer feels suprisingly fresh and entertaining. Since the moment I saw the gameplay for Deadlight, I was hooked. Controls feel consistent and playing with either kb+m or xbox 360 controller gives no issue. The story can be anticipated a little early half way through the game, but small puzzles and different scenarios you encounter while dodging, jumping, avoiding or even shooting zombies keeps the game entertaining through it's 7 hour campaign. Certainly worth the $3.49 and I would recommend it to friends, 7.9/10."
,Recommended,211400,8954922,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Robert Ontenient,"7/10This is a good 2D platform/puzzle with an apocalyptical atmosphere and a lot of ""Shadows"" (Zombies).I got super frustrated at the last 3 chapters, so many obstacles ahead of you and you need to run like you have never done it before.To the dev team: if you are making a sequel or prequel, please make it with better controller port (joysticks). Also, look out for bugs every now and then. I got super frustrated because sometimes I would die out of the blue.Other than that, you should buy it."
,Recommended,211400,9188444,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jaconian,"I'm really liking this game so far.  It's a pretty basic side-scorlling platformer set admist a zombie/shadow apocalypse in Seattle, WA during the mid 1980s.  The animation is beautiful as well as the backgrounds.  Well worth however much it was that I paid for it.  It really just feels like an old fashioned platformer with modern yet somewhat simplistic graphics."
,Recommended,211400,7548124,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Quest10nEv8rything,"I'm really diggin' this game so far. I would seriously consider it among my favorite side-scrollers. Some issues with audio (easily fixed) and some odd lagging... but all in all, an awesome game and a welcomed addition to my library."
,Not Recommended,211400,9189371,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Music_Wolf,It has good ambiance but other than that its not something i really enjoyed. It felt majorly clunky at times that would ruin parts of the game for me and make it increasingly frustrating for me.
,Not Recommended,211400,9189705,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Mortos,"Pros: The game looks beautifulThe side scrolling concept works well in the world they've set upI love horror games that focus more on fleeing than fightingYay! SeattleCons: Cutscenes are terrible (how can you screw up comic-strip style that badly?)Dialog is boring and clichedThe twist and mind games are so terribly obvious you can predict the whole plot after the first two minutesThe controls are unclear and the game frequently requires near pixel-perfect actions, forcing you to die and reset over and over again, even after you've figured out exactly what to doI have only one rule in games that make you die when you couldn't have known or reacted in time without having run it before, and that rule is that it needs to reset instantly, not do a long drawn out death scene and make you replay dialog and such each time.Between the controls, hidden traps, and awkward situations, I had the feeling that only 10-20% of my deaths were my own fault, the rest I felt clear blaming poor design, controls, or mechanics; and that means unending frustration.Summary: Pretty, good idea on paper, awful in practice"
,Recommended,211400,9004315,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,aEngie ♥,Great Game!
,Recommended,211400,13684650,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ĜŅŌΜƝĪËĦƟМÎĘ,Better if 4D not 2D
76561198004723726,Recommended,211400,13685906,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,chitototoy,"Beautiful game. Very odd, and yet mesmerizing presentation. Its a work of art every step of the way.My only gripe with the game is that it ended rather abruptly.Or maybe they jsut ended it the way it did for a possible sequel and such.Either way!! for the price tag, i'd say it was still a good time. A true video game experience.For those who love the horror genre this is a real service to our cause!!"
76561197970232920,Recommended,211400,13686049,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CrAiGiSh,"The game is a bit short but with a 90% off market price (Steam Sales), this game is worth it by far !!!"
76561197972015905,Recommended,211400,13686918,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,// tokyomagic,"If you like zombies and 2.5D platformers then this is for you. Beautiful artwork, good game play and story line."
,Recommended,211400,13687511,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Insolent Fool,"Ok I guess, This game starts off well but I always felt like I wanted to be doing something else. The ""hard"" parts are generally just rush/chase sequences where you have to memorize the jump order and I felt akward moving and fighting as your character keeps wanting to face the other way or jump to his doom.The game is very much like the original prince of persia back in the late 80's. With zombies and a very similar plot to a recent walking dead story arc. Not sure which came up with it first as I never read the comics but the story was a bit ""seen it all before"" for me.The combat was fun at times, but I never knew when to run or gun and it was rarely an option to do both. Trying to fight zombies that walk through the background and are invulnerable till they grab you is just irritating.The art style and gun mechanics are fantastic, but they seem a little wasted when held up against the rest of the game. They could have added more combat into the game, as really it's mostly a platformer and it's usually just best to run.Expect to finish the game in 3-4 hours. If you think the price of the game is worth that, then I would recommend it to you. It has no major flaws but no major drawcards either."
76561197972531712,Not Recommended,211400,13687627,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,KevinClegane,"I enjoyed Deadlight a lot, or the hour or so I got to play.  This game has a bug that makes it unplayable after around the 2 hour mark for a very large number of people.  There were no patches and no one ever bothered to fix it."
,Not Recommended,211400,1719987,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,TheLancerMancer,"EDIT: I would highly recommend reading the review at the following link, as it articulates my issues with Deadlight better than I ever could.http://steamcommunity.com/id/littlespigots/recommended/211400/What I played: DeadlightWhat I expected: Singleplayer 2.5D DayZWhat I got: A puzzle and trap heavy platformer....with zombies!Deadlight acts like it wants to be a game about zombies and survival at the start, but proceeds to move you around cliche'd set pieces rapidly and you wind up spending more time playing (and dying) at platformer sequences filled with traps and puzzles that feel completely out of place with what you were promised early in the game.Graphics are beautiful, but that's it really. I would not recommend buying this game at any price."
,Not Recommended,211400,13690565,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TRIGGER,"its cheap but, for me its not worth playing, i tried it"
,Recommended,211400,13690955,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,sardiskan,"This game is a lot of fun. Game play flows very nicely, the difficulty is hard enough to be challenging, but not so hard as to take away from the enjoyment of the story. A very unique take on the zombie genre."
76561198041597336,Recommended,211400,13691884,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Owlbert,"The story is stupid and the controls are at times clunky, but the sound and graphics are just incredible."
76561197970383709,Recommended,211400,13692413,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,_booze_,Fantastic!
76561197978270707,Recommended,211400,7465296,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,vIN,"Schöne Grafik und wirklich coole & auch gelungene Atmosphäre!Zum daddeln ´nen Controller bereit halten.Macht mit Tastatur & Maus eher wenig Fun..Story ist, wenn auch ziemlich Dünn, ganz okay.Alles in allem geiles Game!"
,Recommended,211400,13695240,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,R∆V3N,Very good game. Totally worth the money.
76561197974313322,Recommended,211400,13695357,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,†hΣ coun†,great game
76561197968836452,Recommended,211400,13698766,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Drips,A Must Buy for a $1.50great side scrolling fun.
76561198011357720,Recommended,211400,13657706,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,COCKMAGIC,Surprisingly short considering the amount of story that is being built up. Definitely lacks climactic ending but is fun enough through the middle to recommend at its price for sure
,Recommended,211400,13662972,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Marto Polo,"This game is actually really good so far.It's very well planned, designed and made.When there's a zombie apocalypse. the point is that it's an apocalypse. That means not anyone can survive it and this game sticks to that. And by that I mean don't even try fighting the 'Shadows'. Just run. Even if they're in front of you. Just run.The atmosphere is terrifying, the puzzles are good and there are a lifetime of 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments that make me just keep playing."
,Recommended,211400,13777723,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Red,"Great storyline although with a bit cheesy lines said in the game. Still, a great game if you're a fan of 2D shooters. If you're not, you're gonna be one. Try it."
76561197964368364,Not Recommended,211400,13744539,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Douchebo Baggins,Game starts off great and then turns into a trial and error game with a lot of cheap deaths.
76561197995655489,Recommended,211400,13745952,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,krisko,"Are you a fan of games like Out of This World, Flashback, Prince of Persia, or even Limbo? Do you enjoy zombies? If so, then Deadlight is the game for you. A great mix of cinematic platformer and survival horror, Deadlight is one of the most underrated indie games out there.It has a great sense of style with much of the graphics being shrouded in darkness as a relief against colored backgrounds, and superb sound design to deliver a sense of atmosphere.Deadlight has three very distinct phases: The first act is a realistically designed, slow-burn survival horror. The second part is filled with traps, puzzle solving, and narrow escapes. The third part features lots of action and shootouts with both zombies and humans. It's the second part that is kind of bizarre.While the first act features realistic and believable level design, the second starts off in a trap-filled maze underneath the sewers built by a man who calls himself the rat. It's like someone accidentally switching channels to Saw while watching World War Z. While it is a clear homage to the cinematic platformers of the past (especially Prince of Persia), it does make for a rather jarring shift in tone. Thankfully, the game rights itself after that and continues in the more realistic mold until the explosive ending.Probably the biggest knock against the game is that, like its forbears, the game is extremely short. The game is designed more for speedrunners and perfectionists."
76561198025920601,Not Recommended,211400,13763193,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,number492,"I wanted to like this game, but failed. More playtesting, a better writer and a targetet engine could have made it good. (Unreal Engine, for this? Seriously?)It should be a fast-paced survival game where you have to think to stay alive, but I just followed the instructions in a tunnel.Pros:- Nice graphics and extras- Interesting retro setting for a zombie apocalypse- Collectible handheld (quartz) gamesCons:- Wants to be a Walking Dead ripoff but fails (comic style cinematics, family drama, and avoiding the word ""zombie"" like the plague)- Buggy (the sound stops during cinematics, slow reaction to controls, crashes once in a while)- Easy (presents no challenge, you just press the right button when the game tells you)- When it's hard, it's hard because of small, irritating details (the guy stands like an idiot, then trips in a couple of cardboard boxes when he should run like hell)- Keyboard controls are a bit counterintuitive- Running feels like swimming in honey, while drunk"
,Not Recommended,211400,13735453,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,...,"Cons:-Unresponsive and clunky controls-Bad voice acting-Unlogical Story flow (weird progression and so many cliches)Pros:-Nice conceptHonestly, this game has the potential. Really! It has the right feels in the first part. Then it went downhill after you meet ""the rat"" in both story and level designIf you're looking for a good zombie-survival story, i suggest you save your money for something else. But if you're only looking for some zombie platformer with good atmospehere, then go ahead. But i still won't reccomend it."
76561198026431590,Not Recommended,211400,13739592,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,The Alright Gatsby,This game looked so promising it was fun at the beginning but it quickly broke apart with bad level design. I got stuck as my character kept on tripping on cardboard boxes over and over again
,Recommended,211400,13741638,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dan G,"Overall an enjoyable experience; really enjoyed the 2.5D gameplay and while the voice acting leaves a bit to be desired, it's a decent storyline.  The puzzles and timing challenges might stump some people, but it's such a bargain price that it's a no-brainer to add it to your library."
76561198025518041,Not Recommended,211400,13780512,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ClownShoes,"Just about the only thing that's worthwhile about this game are the visuals -- it looks great, no denying that. But everything else is either subpar or actively bad. The combat gameplay is dull when it's not clumsy, but this is a survival-horror platformer, so I suppose I can excuse that. But the platforming gameplay is sticky, slow, and frustrating, so what would be the main attraction of a game like this -- perfecting speed runs -- is completely unappealing. The player character moves realistically, like a human would, but I don't play platformers for the realism.All of this I could excuse if the story and the writing kept me interested, but they don't. The story is a pile of post-""Walking Dead"" cliches, while the voice acting is a ""Max Payne"" knockoff without the sense of humor. Not that any voice actor on the planet could have made this dialogue sound good, anyway -- the writing is BAD. Just try reading the  super-serious Diary of the protagonist without your eyes rolling back in your head, I dare you.Good thing that I spent only a couple of bucks on this in a Steam sale, otherwise I'd be angry instead of mildly nonplussed. The three hours I spent beating it, however -- those I will never get back."
,Not Recommended,211400,13322967,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,squidwalk,"First the good:Deadlight is a game with an inspired visual style and fluid, natural animations. Some areas do a good job creating a creepy ambiance. The use of 3D environments for 2D interaction worked well most of the time, making environments feel more like rooms and streets and less like boxes and planes.Now the bad, and there's a lot of it:CombatFluid animations make the game look nice when you're not in combat situations. But when you have to fight zombies (which, thankfully, is less than it could be) they get in the way. Hit detection on axe swings/pushes is, no pun intended, hit or miss. You're as likely to swing when you want to push and vice-versa, and enemy distance only vaguely informs what Randall will do. Expect to die because you intended to do one thing, but your character does another.3D invironments work against you in zombie situations as well. It's frequently unclear when zombies are on the active plane, and they can approach you from the background to close distance while maintaining invulnerability. You end up running back and forth to put enough distance between you and the zombie while it comes in from the background.While the guns feel impressively explosive, poor animations frequently cause Randall to spend a long time not aiming at your target. I've died dozens of times because; despite aiming left, Randall still wants to face right.GameplayThis game starts rather smooth, but the longer you play it the less fun it becomes. While the game generally uses transference well, by the end of the game it devolves into a mire of unclear objectives and trail-and-error gameplay. The last half-hour is essentially ""I Wanna Be The Guy: Zombie Survival Edition"". The floor drops unexpectedly, and you die. The cieling drops unexpectedly, and you die. I spent a ten minutes in a two-screen wide area fighting endlessly generating zombies because there was a glass window I needed to shoot that could only be shot from one side for some reason. Deadlight starts fun, and ends a mess.Story/FlowSomeone forgot to remind Tequila Works that zombies are supposed to be metaphoric. They have been since Romero.  The choice not to have any meaning behind the zombies is a huge wasted opportunity, and generally makes for dumb stories.There were lots of meaningless gestures in Deadlight. Randall as a dangerous misanthrope with a gradually revealed diary documenting his psychosis? Nothing really comes of it. The Rat and his son? Not really relevant to anything outside of the annoying, out-of-place Rat level. Randall's friendship with Ben? Not really important, he's just some dude Randall likes. Spoiler about the ending ->The ""twist"" ending where Randall remembers killing his wife and daughter? No real relevance to anything else in the plot. Not even a parallell between the wife/daughter and the two female survivors in Randall's pre-game group..As for flow, there's barely anything that keeps things on track. The first third of the game is meaningless terrain treading. The second third is a huge non-sequitur through a trap-filled maze that has nothing to do with zombies. There's not even a reason for you to go through the traps, as the guy who runs the maze has non-trapped passages and he isn't antagonistic or afraid. The final third is the only part where the story of Deadlight makes any progress, and it's the worst gameplay wise.WomenI'm no social justice warrior. I don't think women always need to be portrayed positively, or that they need to be in every game. But literally every woman in Deadlight begs for Randall to kill them. No men do this, and it's not played as some sort of unreliable narrator device due to Randall's misanthropy or psychosis or something. They're just all terribly written characters. The one woman you get to spend time with is the traditional ""bad escort"" scenario, complete with the woman needing to be protected and helped up ledges that Randall has been climbing all game. Randall even has to rescue her from being sexually threatened by men with guns. To top it all off, all the women have notably bad voice acting in a game with generally bad voice acting. Deadlight reads like a textbook for especially bad female characters. I read/watch/play a lot of zombie fiction, and Deadlight has the worst female characters I've seen in ages.If you don't have Deadlight, you probably shouldn't get Deadlight. It's only a little fun for about two hours. If you already have Deadlight and haven't played it yet, I hope this saves you a few hours of frustration. Steam is a big wide place, and there are other games to enjoy."
76561197968643058,Recommended,211400,325394,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,demonic,"Ugh.. so much wasted potential, it makes your balls hurt.My recommendation: Play the awesome first act, stop there, never look back and spare yourself the bitter aftertaste."
,Recommended,211400,13191144,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,smurfox,"Enjoyable platformer, elaborate cinematics and beautiful dark surroundings. Would certainly recommend."
,Not Recommended,211400,13204818,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Azorrar,"The game is awesome, freaking beaultiful, nice game play, nice mood, everything was super fun and a hell of a nice big juicy piece of a bazinga super saiyan 4 THUMBS UP (!!!) Until the rat part... seriously, what a stupid piece of crap..."
76561198020097392,Recommended,211400,13207145,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sam Sepiol,"It's pretty good, go buy it."
,Not Recommended,211400,13246645,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kurosawa-Fan,"What begins as an intriguing and atmospheric side-scroller soon degenerates into an extremely frustrating experience from the moment you meet one of the most annoying characters (the Rat) since that Aussie bad guy in Far Cry 3. From then on, Deadlight's imprecise controls and unfair deaths make the game more of an endurance test than a tense survival horror. You can't react to events in a bid to survive; you wander into a trap, get killed, retry, get killed again, and then after a few more deaths finally realise there is one, and ONLY ONE, specific way to progress to the next checkpoint. I can only imagine the fury this game must conjure in all but the most tolerant and persistent of gamers who dare to try Nightmare mode.To add insult to injury, the dialogue and voice acting is stupefyingly awful, and I'm not being overdramatic here: it's frequently of the forehead-smacking or eye-rolling level of terribleness. The story is bog-standard for the genre, but because the game quickly becomes more frustrating than fun you don't care what happens to protagonist Randall Wayne (who, annoyingly, talks and refers to himself in the third person) and simply want to finish the game so you can remove the install from your hard drive, space that could be taken up by a more worthy gaming experience. That tired old ""nightmare flashback"" style, as seen in Max Payne et al, makes frequent appearances along your journey, adding virtually nothing to the plotline.It's a shame, because Deadlight's visuals are stunning, but it's sunken by simplistic game mechanics, a frustrating hodge-podge of trial-and-error gameplay and truly terrible writing. In no way should you purchase this for the full asking price; at the very least, wait for a sale, but even then it's hard to recommend Deadlight even for a few dollars."
76561198127962609,Recommended,211400,13247729,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,jefftembong,Game is like the old school prince of persia but with zombies better graphics of course but the game is really shortif this game is on sale don't hesitate to buy it!
,Recommended,211400,2452883,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,M.O.Z.G,"It's very authentic old-school styled 2.5D platform game, for all oldfug fans PoP and Another World. With ZOMBIE!)"
,Recommended,211400,1431767,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Hipster Putin,"If you liked the storylines in Condemned series and Alan Wake, this game will make you quiver with ecstacy. Also, the lore items really set the atmosphere perfectly--I connected with Randall a lot by reading through his diary...it made me want to cockbump and cry with him. People do suck. /wristsAt the very least, this sidscroller is very aesthetically pleasing as well."
,Recommended,211400,13824092,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,gentile-hunter,good game but very short
,Recommended,211400,13830484,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Cthulhu's Gribbly Monocle,"Deadlight is a lovely little visual gem in a sea of generic zombie titles.A simple  side scrolling puzzle-platformer you play as Randall in search of his family through the zombie apocalypse. Find journal pages, ID cards, etc to fill out the story as you progress. Nothing is hidden terribly hard and any puzzle work is basic and can be solved with simple pathfinding.Anyone familiar with the usual zombie tropes will know what to expect when getting into this, but the simplicity of the gameplay and the artistic excellence that is put into the backgrounds is phenominal.If you can pick it up for $10 or less it's more than worth a playthrough."
76561198125125715,Recommended,211400,13836640,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Lexubar,Excellant story telling and visually stimulating!  Brings depth to the side scroller unlike any before.
76561198151264597,Recommended,211400,13842116,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,dpearson101,"Deadlight is a very interesting and skill challenging game. The game may appear to be a simple sidescroller (which in I have not played too many myself), but does provide a challenge of timing and reflexes when going through the game. The game play can be a little awkward at times if you're using a keyboard and mouse, but nothing unbearable. I would recommend a controller if you're going to play this game. The graphics for the game are quite spectacular and provides an interesting playing experience, especially with the various camera zooms.The one negative about this game is that the game does appear to be a bit short and lacking on content. The game can completed in anywhere between 3-4 hours depending on how much time you take to find collectibles and that of the sorts. Also as I previously mentioned, the game can be a bit tricky if you're running a keyboard and mouse due to the fact there are points in the game where you'll have to dodge obsticles and time jumps correctly in order to advance.Overall, I would recommend this game for anyone looking to try out a different stlye dystopian fiction game."
,Recommended,211400,13408387,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Copperwire,Not lame.
,Not Recommended,211400,13414021,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,NoT,"The graffics are beautiful, the story is nice and it has a very good soundtrack. Apart from these things the game hasn't much to offer. As a platform games lover i have to say i was kind of let down. The gameplay is very simplictic, not much creativity in level design. I would reccomend this short game (2 hours approx) only if u find it discounted."
,Recommended,211400,15326667,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Lao-Ax,Fantastic game.
76561198096915561,Recommended,211400,15119412,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jonnie6oy,This game was great.  If your looking for a zombie side scroller this is the one to get.  I realy enjoyed the game sadly it was olny about 5 hours but i feel like it was long enought to fully enjoy this title. If you have ever played vector from the app store this game is the same consept but with zombies absolutly great and jam packed with comtent.  It is worth the marked price although it is 5 hours long totaly worth it i got lucky and bought it on the steam christmas deals and  got it for I think 3$ great game I havn't beat a game in about a year because I cant stay interested and most titles now arn't that great.  but this gam I would give a 4.7 on a 1 to 5 because the cut sences somtimes couldnt have aduio but that a little flaw and you can read just fast enough to understand anyhow great game two thumbs up and i know ill play this game again soon hope you listen and enjoy this great title :) o yah and the voice acting is awsome!!!!
,Recommended,211400,15096248,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,X_Splinter,"I am gonna give you a quick review.Pros:- Excellent story - totally worth playing to the end-   MusicCons:- The port to PC is very bad, I got some slow-downs on a ROG for no reasons- Controls sometimes fail in accuracy- You have to wait like 15 seconds to retry everytime you dieOverall I recommend this game it's a great experience that only fails in technical reasons"
,Not Recommended,211400,15097864,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,orbo,"2/5Glitchy graphics, glitchy game play. Poor translation made for dialogue that reminded me of Resident Evil 1.The 2D/3D game play reminded me of one of my favorite XBLA games, Shadow Complex. Except here, you can't shoot into the background, so zombies will walk right up to you on a diagonal and ""pop"" into your 2D plane right on top of you.The game is less focused on shooting, and more on conserving ammo by knowing when to use melee or the environment to kill enemies, or running away altogether. It doesn't help that you keep having your guns taken away. In the final act, you have items appear and drop out of your inventory, seemingly at random. Start with no weapons again. Find your backpack which has only your axe. Next screen, you have the slingshot again. Next screen, you have the pistol and shotgun, but the slingshot is gone.Finally, who would want a Hardcore mode with all the other issues the game has?I would be pretty disappointed if I paid full price."
,Recommended,211400,3436322,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,ACmonkey,"Cool zombie game.Enough action, intense, sometimes puzzling.The difficulty is quite balanced in my opinion."
,Recommended,211400,2208005,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,L.R.G,You will like it :D
,Recommended,211400,8403077,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,theamericanalucard,"Good side strolling action game & story, horrible ending"
,Recommended,211400,14901058,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,G47ONIK,I have fun while playing this title. Run and jump.
,Recommended,211400,14901677,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,[HoB] Turx,Short but good fun. Slightly irritating controls at times. But worth three hours of your time. Lovely to look at.
76561198022072752,Recommended,211400,14964105,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,vieczur,"polished and original platformer, which gives more than action. with own character and unique atmosphere."
76561198006483711,Recommended,211400,8406079,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rex,I like the artistic style chosen for this game.  Most of the time your char and the enemies are dark colors while the background provides the contrasting colors.  It's also unique in that it is essentially a 2D side scroller but the environment feels 3D to the point that enemies often come in from the background.  Play it.  It's good :)
76561198152265917,Recommended,211400,14942278,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BLADyer,it may seem like a not good game but is better than COD11/10
,Not Recommended,211400,15256855,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,HiroZA,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.  As a matter of fact, in the beginning, I was actually having a blast!  but then the chopper scene was introduced.  *sigh* That. F*^&ING CHOPPER."
,Not Recommended,211400,15266557,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,janis.irmejs,"Looks beautiful, but everything else is♥♥♥♥♥♥- jumping, shooting, switching between weapons (honestly the slowest and most shitiest switching ever). Mostly frustrating. Do not reccomend unless you want to smash your keyboard, controller or whole computer. But, man, it looks beautiful."
,Recommended,211400,15267358,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,l33,"Such an amazing game with great atmosphere, own it on 360 and steam. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,211400,15274119,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,hendrikk1,"Platformer, parkour, great story, and then zombies are the unusual masterpiece. Love the story so much."
,Recommended,211400,15395105,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Vest,"Great game, great story, beautiful soundtrack.There are bugs that kinda drive you insane, repeating the same level a couple times. However when you do get past it, it doesn't bother you. You're in it for the story and you will be glad that you played it through."
,Recommended,211400,15396676,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,WrathFire,"Short, but good, in the spirit of Limbo style gameplay.  It was a good challenge."
76561198005297751,Not Recommended,211400,15397985,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,FoxyLoxy,"Starts well, becomes frustrating, then obnoxious.+ good theme, overall art direction, atmosphere+ you shoot zombies with a shotgun- game is a death simulator- the ""story""- completely linear- budget voice acting and sub-par writing- puzzles are clever, but the (very many) one-shot kills are trash- runs about 6 hours too long, despite being a short game- bad controls- even worse, the game mechanics rely on the bad controls- do you like timed escort missions? Of course you do."
,Not Recommended,211400,15105178,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jeliz187,I thought the game was ok. lts really buggy and it can get annoying and frustrating. Only get it when its on sale.
76561198052848313,Recommended,211400,8817426,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Chalky,"sidescrolling, zombie killing fun! Great story too."
,Recommended,211400,8818348,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Okuden,"Pretty fun genric zombie game, with platorming, and puzzle elements.Not too big on it though. Mostly meh aftertaste.Just a beat once, and never really think about it afterwards kind of game.Score: 6.5 generic decapitated zombie heads out of 10Bloop"
76561198007342710,Recommended,211400,8819659,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,4x49er,"This game feels rushed. The first level shows a TON of promise, but quickly after the game becomes fairly repetetive. The mechanics don't always feel solid, a prime example is in one of the ""Rat"" levels you have to jump over a set of spikes, but you have to wait until they appear to already be touching you to get the timing right. The entire game was beaten in 4 hours, and probably could be done in 3 if you get lucky enough to avoid any of the frustrating sticking points where the mechanics don't make sense.All that said, it was still mostly enjoyable, and the price seemed right. A quick play, I see little replay value, I would probably still give it a 6.5/10. It would be much lower if the price were any higher."
,Recommended,211400,8822974,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Deamon-Kid,"I bought this game a while back during a SteamSale for ~3 bucks. I have not regretted it.Gametime: With a ""first time through""-time of ~3 hours this game definitly is on the shorter side of games but for a price like that I was not disappointed. When you know what you are doing and try to rush things, you can even finish this game under an hour.Gameplay: This is your typical 2D Jump & Shoot game. Not much new here but what it does it does well enough to be played. There are also a lot of collectibles to be found throughout the world.Graphics: The game plays on a 2D-plane, but still looks very pretty IMO. One has to admit, though, that a lot of fog is used on the background, but given the type of game this is, it makes sense and is still well executed!Sound: Backgroundmusic is not really scary at ""scary"" party and not really actionlike on actionparts. That is actually good, because it does not distract from the gameplay that much. (I won't buy the soundtrack of the game, either, though!)The Voiceacting is kind of bad at points but overall average!Story: Yeah, as you might have guessed, this is a generic zombie-apocolypse-story. There is a twist at the end and another twist at the bonus ending but even those are not really out of the ordinary!Bonus: This game features a ""hard""-mode called Nightmare mode after beating the game. All that does it removing all but 2 checkpoints and that really does the trick.There are also some minigames to be collected that are reminicent of 90s videogame handhelds.All in all this is a pretty generic game but I can't hate it for that. If you like zombies then this might be for you. If you can overlook the zombies and like Jump and run, this might also be for you. If you do like shorter games to waste some time in, this is definitly something for you.And really, for about 3 bucks... why not give this a try next sale?"
,Recommended,211400,8728395,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,p0well,"Absolutely brilliant game, for £9.99 it is well worth it, with some replay value. The collectables make a good aspect too, good game!"
,Recommended,211400,8733316,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,BadLuck,After playing this I have to say it's one of the better zombie games. Being that its a side scrolling game I like how it moves fast and leaves no lag.
,Recommended,211400,8925713,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,dcrew1x,"Fun game. Very linear 2D but it works with the story and environment. The scenery paints a post apocalyptic world full of zombies and the even more dangerous: uninfected people. Overall, I enjoy this game very much."
76561198012275256,Not Recommended,211400,8930795,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Count Gumberton,"Ugh, what a mess. From the completely unintuitive controls to the inexplicable sound bugs and stuttering, you will find yourself dying death after unwarranted death, while you character does the exact opposite of your intention. I did complete the game, so be aware that a person who can get used to the strange and clunky control scheme could probably breeze through this game in 3-5 hours (It took me just over 6). The graphics however are nice, and do a good job of drawing you into the game until you are ripped back out again by some technical faults of the game."
,Recommended,211400,8932926,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"An interesting but fun concept. Take the combat/gameplay from old school games like ""Out of this World"" and ""Flashback"", but remove the puzzles... replacing them with environment obstacles. Which means you do a lot of ledge jumping and running in a 2D level layout but with 3D level backgrounds going on.It took me about 3-4 hours to finish this game, but it had moments when the gameplay suffered as controls were not precise. An example is jumping over a walk and shooting someone... sounds easy but sometimes there was a delay to pull the gun out and other times there was not.The story is alright but the internal dialog of your main character can be a bit cliché. Most of the games you use an axe to protect yourself, but you do get a hand gun/shot gun which makes a couple of areas fun to kill zombies.I could have used more secrets/areas to find as when I did find secrets... it was actually satisfying even if there was no major reward.Not a bad 2D zombie game with an old school gameplay throwback, but I couldn't say it is for everyone. If you enjoyed games like Blackthorne or Flashback, but want it to be more casual and less looking for keycards; then this is for you!"
,Recommended,211400,13043527,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Valassi,"Another great indie game (set in Canada and developped by a Spanish team lol) with fantastic visuals despite it being a 2D side-scrawling game. The game manages to create a believable post-apocalyptic universe where 'shadows' (aka zombies with red glowing eyes) have taken over the world and people are just trying to survive amidst the chaos and fear. The story is compelling and well-narrated by the main character as you progress through the environments and his journal and other collectibles you find along the way help to fully flesh out his character and the situation that he finds himself in. If you pay close attention you may realize that all is not as it seems and that the alternate ending is the 'real' ending.The combat is refreshingly different as it's in your best interest to avoid the infected as much as possible and cleverly lure them into specific positions so as to better circumvent them or gleefully watch them stupidly plummet to their deaths (second deaths? True deaths? bah, damn zombies screwing things up again!) as you taunt them into following you into deadly pitfalls. You will shimmy across telephones lines while below dozens of undead reach towards you only to have the cable snap and have you rushing like a madman away from the monstrous horde. At other times you'll be tasked with using elements of the environment to help you navigate safely through roaming zombies or fleeing from an attacking helicopter intent on turning you into ground beef across the rooftops of a ruined city. You do get access to powerful guns (and melee weapons) at various points in the game but these sections are rare and never last very long, forcing you to never get too comfortable or feel too safe :PCan be completed in 5 hours or so, a bit longer if you're a completionist. Worth every penny.9/10"
76561198025863296,Recommended,211400,13260191,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Gotlin,Basically Prince of Persia (the sidescrolling ones) in a zombie apocalypse.  Fun.
,Recommended,211400,13268439,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,azo,"A very nice looking and interesting game, I enjoyed the story and gameplay. However, controls are pretty unresponsive at times and that may ruin the experience, especially when there is a crucial moment of pressing one button. Made by blood boil a few times. After mastering controls it can be pretty damn rewarding. I'd say definitely give it ago, just make sure you have a controller."
76561198118027724,Recommended,211400,13801233,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[G]radiu[S],Fun
,Recommended,211400,13802601,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,iK0NiK,"Overall, it's a pretty fun experience. Gameplay is entertaining overall. The graphics and art style are good, although there's no fine-tuning of video settings. End game is a bit on the frustrating side, but doable in about 4HRs total playtime.  I'd recommend this only if you can snag it on sale for <$2.50.6/10"
,Recommended,211400,13803449,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,AsO_Koji,Vraiment très bon comme titre un vrai plaisir d'y jouer !!
,Recommended,211400,13807155,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Supercaffeineaddict,Excellent gameplay & story. I only wish that there was a sequel.
,Recommended,211400,13807489,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,bO.nO,"Full of intense motion!!!! for those who like zombies, adventure and a little bit puzzle, this game is for you... manage to end this game less then 6 hours... its fun :)"
,Recommended,211400,13846752,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,biohazard_star,"Pretty awesome sidescroller game with some very nice graphics. The controls and puzzles can be unintuitively frustrating at times, but the atmosphere alone makes up for both those. It's worth at least one playthrough, just to see post-apocalyptic Seattle. Get it when it's cheap.Also, the Hard mode in this game is close to impossible to complete, since you literally do not get any continues if you die. :/"
76561198134346785,Recommended,211400,13850011,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mr. Pebbles,"I've purchased this game for free on my Xbox 360 a few months ago during a monthly free-game sale, aside from LIMBO, it may be the best Platformer/Jump&Run game I've have played.Quality of graphics are great.Achievements are pretty much easy to get.Story is above adequate and simple.In-game monologue isn't very compelling.I enjoyed it 5/5"
76561197996384005,Not Recommended,211400,13890627,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Quantus,"I'm a survival horror fan and I bought this game to see how it feels like in 2d. The atmosphere was nice, it wasn't as scary as in 3d naturally, but I'm ok with that. After a while, however, the game started to focus on trial-and-error too much and that destroyed the survival horror element for me. I've decided to quit the game and I'm about to uninstall it right now. No, I'm not curious about the rest of the story or the ending. Next time, I will read more previews before I decide to buy a game."
76561198007558529,Not Recommended,211400,13900993,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Mugiwara,"Not a bad game but the controls make's it so unstable,that some times it's unplayable (rat traps if you know what i mean).And the Voice acting is very dull...4/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,13881138,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hot At Distance,"I've given this between 2-3 hours now, the controls do not do what I want, it often jumps the other way and when you want to jump up, you jump to your death instead.Buy something else, no combat, just running with a useless stamina bar."
,Not Recommended,211400,13882972,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,FreedomFighterEx,"-No voice in cutscene unless you fix it on your own-Bad Port from Console-Platformer which require precise control but the control were so bad.-Bad voice acting-Too many instant death ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in a lot of area-Not sure if the game want you to fight or flight since a lot of times, you will face with unavoidable zombies that blocking your path-Pause a game can cause a crash sometimeIt not worth a full price, it is ok when the price drop since the game can be finish within short time, depend on how good you can figure thing out. (3-4 hours)Beside, i don't see how this is ""Survival Horror"" in any mean. It is just a Platformer with bad control."
,Recommended,211400,13885127,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Darklady_ss,"I love this game! Very interesting, original and diferent! The story is very deep. 10/10 for me"
,Recommended,211400,536374,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,TaReNT,"Awesome game and a true bargain, too!"
76561197996949435,Recommended,211400,13541566,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SwarleyMan,"Such a beauty of a game. Liked the graphics so much and played for quite a while. If you love beautiful casual games, get your hands on this. It's a bit short but decent."
76561198061895298,Recommended,211400,13544177,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Agent Bacardi,"Quick play, amazing visuals and style, wonky controls, but well worth the discounted price I paid for it."
76561198123721473,Recommended,211400,14516107,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,mym,It's not about shooting or running from zombiesIt's about manipulate the environment for your advantagesCause the zombies are outnumber your bulletsWill pump up your adrenaline to think quickly to make a decisionThe only thing i don't like is the controller that sometimes so hard to useOverall 8.5/10
,Recommended,211400,14263620,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,CJ1991,"Deadlight is first and foremost a beautiful game which throws you into the world of Randall attempting to survive in a post-zombie apocalyptic world. The gameplay is similar to that of many 2D games and  uses the environment to platform each area in the attempt to avoid confrontation with the shadows (zombies). What little combat there is works well enough and instills the sense of the struggle to survive.The story is simple to follow which is fine and serves as a mechanic to keep the player moving forward. As the whole game could be played through start to finish in a couple of hours with some minor replay value in collectables, achievements, secrets and increasing difficulty levels. Admittedly the controls are a little awkward,  despite dying a number of times due to controls this did not take away from my enjoyment of the game as a whole package.Well worth a play through, Deadlight is a refreshing and well executed spin on the platform and survival horror genre."
76561198063582557,Recommended,211400,14548078,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,thorneo,Damn GOOD Game!!!!!!! But short
76561198070478777,Recommended,211400,14550401,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,JOHN CENAA,"Deadlight is a survival horror/Cinematic platform game released in 2012 for windows and xbox 360 by Tequila Works. Deadlight is a zombie apocalypse game placed in Seattle.Graphics/Art: The graphics are awesome! I like very much how everything works around. The enviroment has a ghrey color which set the mood of the game. What i liked most of all is when the cutscene goes off and it shows you the story though images that are like manga drawings. It just couldnt be better cause it gives you an other view of graphics and art instead of just having a lame cutscene. The graphics in general have a lot of dark element but they are detailed enough and the good thing about it is that this game is not overloaded with usless elements so it can play on older systems aswell. The soundtracks are very good setting you on the moody atmosphere. Another great thing is the voice acting, it really makes you feel that this is an awesome game and the actor really gave his best.Gameplay:  When i found out about this game it had been long time since i had played a platform game and i was really exited about it! The gameplay is easy in order to understand but it is kinda difficult to use as the controls feel kinda slow, meaning it has like half a second delay on the movement in order to make the character stop or move, at least thats what i felt. Dont expect high and mighty combat. Most times you are going to try avoiding conflict with the zombies if you play the game on hard difficulty. Of course the checkpoints allow you to do as much mistakes as you want and you can try anything. The game has a nightmare  mode where you have to pass the whole game on one go. Dont even try that! Its impossible to achieve. At a general view the game is very challenging and you cannot call it easy. My playthough on normal mode was 4 hours but not rushing on i searched the whole game, it makes this a small game but definitely worth it. I just wish it was a little bigger than that. I also liked that you had to explore in detail in order to finish the game on 100%.Plot: The story takes place in Seattle 1986, where the whole world devastated by a virus outbreak that makes people zombies and our main character is seperated from his wife Shannon and Daughter Lydia. So the game begins and our main character is with a group of people trying to survive on the total chaos. Randal (main character) came to Seattle after hearing some information that there was a safe point for people that survived. Some incidents make him seperate with the group and now he is on his own until he finds them. Now i'm not gonna spoil the rest of the story for you but all you have to know is that it is interesting enough to keep you going. It is definitely a story hard to be found on a platform game."
76561198002788942,Not Recommended,211400,14349101,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Bloody Slushy,"You can easily burn through this game in 3 hours, that alone makes it not worth the full price.  As others have said, it starts out fairly well.  The art is great, the felling is good, and it flows well.  As soon as you meet the Rat, you might as well stop.  There is nothing after this point except fustrating and poorly designed platforming.  It's all trial and error, and it gets repetetive quick.  Also, since when did Seattle have thunderstorms?! That doesn't happen in the NW.Pros:Art and feelCons:Combat is clunkyActing is terribleStory is predictible and clichePlatforming gets repetetive quick"
76561198122002284,Recommended,211400,14356104,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,FunkyJunkie,"This game is for you if you like some good old zombie killing... but it feels kinda dumb playing on a 2d plane in a 3d world like when sometimes if theres an obstacle in front of you and theres a n opening to your left, but our hero wont take that because he only walks in a straight line ... it can get really frustrating... but overall a nice game"
,Not Recommended,211400,14396671,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,EZMeat,WEAK
,Recommended,211400,3029622,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,MurphyD,"This game has convinced me of 3 things.1. There exist people who have 2 left arms and 1 right arm,2. That Zombies are almost nearly impervious to slicing attacks, and3. There are schizophrenic voices that do voice-acting in everyone's head.These are my gripes about this game."
76561198021430946,Recommended,211400,3360352,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Nemesis,"Like the oldschool platform games with a modern HD upgrade. Brilliant Game, good fun."
,Recommended,211400,14332718,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Miniature Menace,"It was alright.  Terribly short, very linear.  I wish it had more substance to it.  In many areas success was largely trial and error, and the blending of the background and non-interactive elements with the interactive ones occasionally made it confusing how to solve certain puzzles.Probably the most frustrating part was the helicoptor.  Anyone who has played this section probably knows what I'm talking about.  When you get to this point, make absolutely sure your framerate is good, or you will die, a lot. Even if it's good, you'll still probably die a lot, but slightly less.I'm giving it a recommendation because in retrospect, it was a decent game, fairly compelling story, just terribly frustrating.  I would like to see more games like it, better fleshed out, more open ended, less linear.  And no ""perfect or die"" helicoptor sections.  Maybe streamline the climbing up-and-over mechanism.Buy it if you like atmospheric story driven zombie puzzle/platformers.  But I'd recommend waiting for a sale, and not paying more than $5."
76561198077993819,Recommended,211400,14332976,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Senju(尊敬),its goooooooooddddd
,Recommended,211400,14362216,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,2snappy,"I really enjoyed this game. For me it falls into the wonderful casual game category. It can be quickly paused at any second if you need to do anything and you can jump back in to play in a second.I think the graphics are really creative and the story was pretty good.They took the traditional platform style game, which I thought I hated but they changed my mind, and added 3 dimensions to it. So zombies come out of the background but you can't go into the background. They also give you weapons you can use but the primary objective is to avoid zombies so this definitely is not a hit and slash game. It is a puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,211400,14174836,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Tiberian Fiend,"Nice visuals, but otherwise a bland platform game with terrible voice acting and no custom joystick support."
76561198063377763,Recommended,211400,14142601,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Player1,"Probably the best platformer about a zombie apocalypse '80s, the story takes us down to the city of Seattle (USA), where the protagonist has to find his family, drawing pretty good as a platform for the apocalypse in the background is very beautiful, war-torn city, abandoned cars, destroyed buildings, shade away from you, I want to pay special attention to the diary of the main character, it is very interesting and collect all the pages, you will understand the whole story and where it all started, as well as being the soundtrack was amazing, the only thing I did not like this control, sometimes the buttons are not always on time you meet, and you may not have time to perform an action as a result perish So in conclusion I want to say that the game is gorgeous for its genre, if you like the zombie apocalypse and a bit of the 80s is game for you!)Наверное самый лучший платформер про зомби-апокалипсис 80-ых,сюжет опускает нас в город Сиэтл(США),где главный герой должен найти свою семью,графика довольно хороша,как для платформера,апокалипсис на заднем плане очень красив,разрушенный войной город,покинутые машины,разрушенные строения,тени вдалеке от тебя,отдельное внимание хочется уделить дневнику главного героя,он очень интересен и собрав все страницы,вы поймете весь сюжет и с чего все это началось,а так-же саундтрек он великолепен,единственное что мне не понравилось,это управление,иногда кнопки не всегда вовремя тебя отвечают,и вы можете не успееть выполнить нужное действие в результате чего погибнете,ну и в заключении хочу сказать что игра великолепна для своего жанра,если вы любите зомби-апокалипсис и немного 80-ых это игра для вас!)"
,Recommended,211400,14099865,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Guid,Graphics 9/10Mechanics: 8/10Sounds and music: 6/10Plot: 1/10Overall: 7.5/10
76561198067426800,Recommended,211400,14100173,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,IDark_Icex,"I bought this game during a sale for 1-2€. I've taken a look into it and I like it so far.The world is 2D and has a lot of parcours and rather easy puzzles to complete.The post-apocaliptic world looks real and the zombie feeling is there.The only thing I dislike is the fact, that your whole movement is set on the keyboard while fighting is on the mouse and the mousebuttons. I usually play with both hands on the keyboard, so I have to grab my mouse when being attacked. :D"
,Recommended,211400,4673185,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,$erpico.,One of the best indie platformers I've ever played.
76561198202924096,Recommended,211400,14102625,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Babis,"This game is just awesome. The atmosphere is amazing, you can be sure that you will never forget this game. Secrets are pretty hard to find, but I guess it like how it is meant to be. Altough this game is cheap, it just doesn't seem cheap. The only drawback it, that the game is really short. But thanks fot that, if you play Nightmare mode."
,Recommended,211400,14113598,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,spEnzEr,good
,Not Recommended,211400,14246296,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,heimdall302,"Storyline is boring. When fighting or overcoming obstacles, you have to gamble with the controls, hoping they do what they are supposed to do. Repetitive levels and puzzles. I wanted to like this game, it took me about 2 or 3 hours to finally say ♥♥♥♥ it."
,Recommended,211400,8712608,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,wats-it-to-ya,"Visually the game looks very nice for a side scroller.  The puzzles are very nicely done, though it does get a little repetitive, and the story is a little ... ""iffy""."
,Recommended,211400,8715705,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,lynxz,"Great little run puzzle game with plenty of extras. This game gave me a solid playthrough and presented many challenges. I would definitely recommend it to anyone, but at $14.99? That's debateable. I picked it up during the christmas steam sales wicked cheap and never looked back. I would be willing to pay $5 for this max, as it is definitely a decent little game. There's a nightmare mode after you finish the game, in which there's no saving and no dying allowed with controls that already semi-glitchy..... heh."
76561197991971524,Recommended,211400,8433082,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,-=xFs=-(CZ),"Absolutely great journey 9,5/10"
76561198057118503,Recommended,211400,8433218,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Immature Ammy,amazing game love the artwork ingame aswell
,Recommended,211400,8433608,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[RC]Grim,"Amazing game.""Just when you think we've seen everything the zombie genre has to offer, Deadlight lurches forth""8/10 - GAME INFORMER"
76561198034233042,Recommended,211400,8433639,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[LT]Žemaičių Blynai,Nice game FTW
,Recommended,211400,8578736,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,"""CallNate"" On Twitch LIVE!",i'm stuck.. waiting for a constroller to make my fingers quicker.. but i love this game the enviroment it throws you into is quite full for a side scroll. its so detailed great purchase i wouldn't hesitate!
,Recommended,211400,8579266,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,BobbyBud,A very entertaining game!
76561198007505559,Not Recommended,211400,8579742,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hexus,"Very raw game, buggy engine, delayed response, awkward keymappings.In most cases you die it's not your fault but some bug/engine problem.And its BORING. It's EXTREMELY boring."
,Recommended,211400,7547083,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,yohny (cz),"Je to úžasně chytlavá, zajímavě pojatá zombie plošinová hra (přesto však ve skvělém 3D zpracování). Pěkný a překvapivý příběh, skvělé puzzle a nádherný systém achievementů. Na nightmare se to ale vlastně ani nedá projít! 10/10"
76561198024974475,Recommended,211400,8580466,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ZetaAlorix,Fun game tho really short with a predictable storyline.
76561198016437391,Recommended,211400,15939787,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,onemancrowd,"Bought this one on sale and was pleasantly surprised. Plays like a spiritual successor to the original Prince of Persia games, and that gameplay is complemented by strong artistic direction. The story didn't do much for me (there's not a lot of new ground to tread in zombie games), but at least the voice acting was bearable. I would have loved for there to be a bit more exploration, but otherwise it was a very satisfying experience."
76561197991756070,Not Recommended,211400,15940209,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Jordy,Everything needed to be mentioned is already mentioned by someone else and I agree.
,Recommended,211400,15892330,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,อักโกะ#1945,i like this gamemini puzzleand you can end 8-10 hour
,Not Recommended,211400,14280522,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DeepFried,"Deadlight is a story driven platformer with nice graphics and production qualities, the platforming is pretty tight and feels good, unfortunately they have used a number of frustrating mechanics such as: Timed sequences, infinitely respawning enemies, teaching through trial and error, and worse it often combines these; frankly these sort of mechanics are anachronistic and shouldn't be in a game like this.Deadlight is pretty short which honestly is a mercy, its a shame as there is a competent and enjoyable platformer in Deadlight somewhere but I suspect lack of budget has made it what it is."
76561198034917779,Not Recommended,211400,15813971,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,HawkeyeBFP,"I didn't enjoy this game.  It's very monotonaus and predictible.  The dialogue made me cringe everytime anyone said anything, I would have prefered silence, it would have gone well with the lack of gameplay."
76561198018357482,Recommended,211400,15821754,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,kaffeslurk,This is what happens when there are 1000+ coffee shops in one city.
,Not Recommended,211400,15825372,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Xenplex,"Nice platformer but the controls are sometimes gibberish and frustrating. Had quite a bit of rage because of them.The story is good, the action ok but unfortunately the controls ruined it for me."
76561198039817785,Recommended,211400,15795566,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,sentient goo,"In the past 5-10 years, Zombies have overtaken video games, movies, and tv shows like... well, zombies.Most titles cashing in on this trend are like the very creatures they exploit: when viewed from a distance they can be mistaken for their living neighbours, but closer inspoection reveals they are no more than corpses, devoid of any life or soul, and filled instead with bugs and decay.Deadlight is an exception to this rule.  This is one zombie game that is first of all a Good Game, and second of all, a game about zombies.  It is absolutely gorgeous, has a passable story, and entertaining gameplay.This is one zombie game you should buy.  As for the rest, [insert brain-eating pun here]."
76561198072027162,Recommended,211400,15806098,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,russonc,"First off I like some platform games but don't usually love them... this game is an exception!    I played it through with mouse and keyboard controls (should have used a game pad, but I started off not thinking I would play very long).   The controls are servicable for the most part. What sets this game apart is the atmosphere...it's a 2-D scroller with so much interesting going on in the 3-D background.  Cut scenes remind me of a graphic novel (which is a plus to me).  The dream scenes are really nice.GOOD+ great atmosphere+ moves along at a quick pace for the most part+ good length+ deaths can be fun and rarely require much back-tracking+ most areas you can take some time to figure out (some not so much)+ ability to kill, kill, kill or avoid, avoid, avoid...+ nice voice-overs (see exception below)NOT SO GOOD-  there are a few sections that require some pretty perfect timing (and might be much better with a game-pad but I don't know for sure)-  there were a couple sections that were fairly long and hard (I nearly gave up a couple times, but didn't)- the rat voice overs... you'll know what I mean when you hear it...Overall a very enjoyable experience that I highly recommend."
,Recommended,211400,4979678,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,JG957,pretty good game if you can get it on the cheap
,Recommended,211400,15701307,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,SYN,Defo reccomand this game Tho please read the controls careful as because of the controller friendly section within game gives both but controller first made it a little awkward to get used to seeing this pop up randomlyGreat game tho
,Not Recommended,211400,1899456,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,sleepyoverlord,"3 hours of gameplay, extremely buggy, story is non existant, clunky controls and an overall ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port job. it does look good though. 5/10."
76561198001584035,Recommended,211400,13716747,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BobMammoth,Short game with a dark atmosphere. Not bad.
76561198093954007,Recommended,211400,8499585,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Travis the Moonstar,fun
,Not Recommended,211400,2865905,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Azundris,"This game doesn't quite come together.The best thing I can say is that the theme song is beautiful.Some of the sets are visually impressive, but the story is rather underwhelming, the dialog is unnatural, the voice acting is bad, and there is a segment in the middle (""The Rat"") that doesn't quite mesh with the setting and strains suspension of disbelief to the breaking point. The first third of the game is ridiculously easy even after the part where they teach you the controls, and after that, the challenge is more in the controls than it solving puzzles. Indeed, many of the scenes aren't something you can think through in advance; it's try-and-error. This is made more frustrating by the fact that when the premise isn't, ""What would make sense here?"", but ""What moves does the game want from me this time?"", the environment should at least behave exactly the same each time -- which of course doesn't seem to be the case. It also doesn't help that the backstory comes as a 60 page diary, so your choices are starting your new game without knowing your character's personal backstory, or reading 60 pages of badly written diary entries. At least of course, they are small pages with not a lot of text on them, and some are missing -- oh yeah, didn't I mention that? Some of the pages are missing, and you'll find them as you traverse places you've never been before. Um, yeah.The studio also talked up the fact that the game is set in the '80s (See what they did there? Two things with a following, '80s, and zombies, it must have seemed like a sure hit and/or license to print money.), but in the game, that makes practically no difference at all. Your load animation is a tape deck, there are three vintage video games you can find, and ""commies"" are mentioned, that's about it, and none of it makes a difference. Sure, the studio are right when pointing out that there are ""no cell phones, no computers"", but six month into a zombocalypse, I wouldn't expect to get much mileage out of either, anyway, so that doesn't have much of an impact. Heck, even if  computers were common and worked, I wouldn't expect deranged mountain man Randy to bother with them.On balance, Limbo, a game that doesn't even attempt to do include many of these things (voice acting, anything worth being called a story, etc.) ends up being the better game for it -- of course, having a spectacular, distinct look and somewhat better controls helps, too."
76561197999890335,Not Recommended,211400,1930769,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Fabulous Platypus,"Worst fckin platform game I ever played. The first part is fun (if you manage to not die everytime) but the longer you play the game, the more frustrating it gets. So many moments you'll be just starring at your screen being like ""dafuq? How was I suppose to know..."" after you just died some ridiculous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way. It's not even worth 3$ in my opinion. If you're looking for a good platform game, go get ""Limbo"" instead, way better and well thought out (REAL) puzzles."
,Not Recommended,211400,15654717,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Not Coco,"The game itself is pretty good - but it's a bad console port that's ridden with annoying bugs (such as not being able to progress until restarting the game or cutscene sound not working), clunky controls, and performance issues. Would recommend playing this on a console rather than on PC."
76561197970506333,Recommended,211400,418405,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Mel,"Mind blowing, intense and unique! Probably the best side scrolling-game since ""Flashback""!"
,Not Recommended,211400,14058399,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Nachty,"Unforunately I can't recommend Deadlight.  A bland story over plain characters, and a janky control scheme that falls to pieces in action sequences really spoil the game, though i shall elaborate:Graphically, and artisticllay the game fares well, albeit in a rather stylized fashion.  The biggest issue with the design choice however tends to arise from the 2.5D perspective.  Enemies can come from the background, and while this adds depth to the scene, can prove very frustrating. When trying to  fight back enemies they often do not fall into line until much after expected.  Also, it is not always clear what items are able to be interacted with, and which are scenary.  Navigating the world, you encounter several types of doors.  Kickable doors, Bashable doors, Locked doors (which require the lock shooting or hitting off), and regular doors.  None of these different types of doors add anything new, nor even really provide a challenge to get around short of trying to remember which button is required to open each indivudal type of door.  I think this is unnecessary and adds nothing to the game.The control scheme (in this case an xbox 360 gamepad) suffices for the majority of the time.  Unforunately this falls apart most at the various action sequences.  Combinations of sprints, jumps, and rolls, tend to get mis-interpreted and a sprint/roll can easily become a sprint/duck, leading to a death/game over.While on the subject of deaths, and game over screens, there are certain areas that commit the cardinal sin of the ""infintely respawning enemy"".  Having enemies constantly spawning in frustrates as the game then gives very little time to puzzle solve while trying to fend of the advancing hordes, and leading to many deaths.  The checkpoints while reasonably regular, can be prior to unskippable dialogue, meaning you'll end up hearing certain snippits far more than desired.Enemy types are very limited.  Sluggish zombies, a few fast zombies, and a few army people.  My critisism of the zombies, is that there is rarely any state between ""fully alive"" and ""dead"".  As soon as you stumble or get tackled by a zombie, the others will overrun you easily.  The army guards are fairly bland too.  Early game you're usually going to be avoiding zombies, though with the arrival of later weapons, you can happily mow down zombies with minimal challenge.Story-wise, I honestly couldn't tell you what the story is despite playing through the entire game.  It all seems generic.  Some mid 50's bloke, running around spouting off about his family, while doing outlandlish parkour that I don't think would be realistic for the character portrayed.  Despite this he's more than happy to go off on a whim and engage in obstacle courses for people, and save their kids.  I also recall Generic Guy 3 dying in a predictable way. Overall unengaging, uninteresting, bland, and i didn't care at all about the outcome of any of the characters.TL:DR?Pros:Nice astheticsCons:Short (Completed in under 3 hours)Bland storyControls suffer in action sequences"
76561197983834945,Not Recommended,211400,14058503,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Darth Keyes,"Very intriguing premise and presentation, but it's consistent glitches and lackluster story don't hold up. Made it close enough to the end, but just found it too monotonus to continue. Deadlight doesn't shine very brightly."
,Not Recommended,211400,13748241,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Horselord,"Bought it because it was $1.50 and looked cool. Gameplay is essentially hobo price of persia with all of the jumping puzzles and occasional shooting. The aesthetic is pretty cool and I thought the backgrounds were pretty cool. The story and dialogue though, oh man was it cheesy. Took about 5ish hours for a full play through and don't think it realy warrants a second play through."
,Not Recommended,211400,13749577,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,drew-ibwt,I'll keep this review short.  I would not recommend this game.  The controls are bad and it is not very challenging or fun.
,Recommended,211400,13737509,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,PYlaurent,"Bought the game for less than 2€ during the sales and i didn't know what to expect.A mix between parcour, the walking dead with a max payne's ""noir"" atmosphere to it would be a good description.I finnished the game in less than 4 hours. I wasn't expecting an AAA game but was really caught into it.The naration is good, the story is not the most elaborated but, again, the overall feeling is positive.This game has re-playability potential with the nightmare mode and the hunt for all the missing secrets and memories.So for 2€ and about 10 hours of life time to get all the achievments, this is well worth the price.I recommand you this game if you like platforms, zombies, the ""noir"" genre.10/10 would go on a zombie hunt with Randall !EDIT : I'm now at 7 hours of gameplay. I have 2 achievements left (nightmare and get infected). Finding the 100% daylight was pretty dificult. I do not think that i'll spend the time and energy into getting the nightmare more (do the hole scene without dying).I thing really annoying is a bug in the mini games (the dancing one) as AZERTY keyboards have A and Q inverted which is counter-intuitive while playing."
76561197987521082,Not Recommended,211400,13762554,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MrFrizzleFoot,"Sorta like they wanted to remake Oddworld. But didn't have the imagination or creativity. So they just tried to cash in on Zombies.  It's ok, I guess... if you're an X-Box bro."
,Recommended,211400,13769806,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tandor,"This game is a powerful platformer. Visuals, storyline, and soundtrack are all masterpieces. The character you play as is exactly what you'd want out of a scenario like this. I'm very pleased with this game and would recommend it to everyone."
,Not Recommended,211400,13795245,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tracer,Theme and story is quite interesting but the game lacks content. Very few levels and the entire game is done in just 3-4 hours.
76561197998143605,Recommended,211400,13750018,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Borrii,"Great game! For a game so simple it is really addictive. Pair that with a good story line, simple mechanics and it all adds up to a good few hours worth of play. Controlls were a little iffy on keyboard, may be better with a controller. :)"
,Recommended,211400,13751511,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Om Sai Ram,this game is quite short but is really fun and i hope the developerrs plan on making like different stories throught the form of dlcs.....8/10
,Recommended,211400,13753917,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DeathSaves,"If you're not great at platformers, don't worry. This game is gentle. Great story, easy accessability. Easily worth the current sale pirce. I haven't really played platformers in decades. Not since my original NES and I found I could play this without much trouble at all. So with a not too difficult challenge the story keeps you going as does the visuals. Love the graphics and setting. I've only just tapped this game but am already hooked and recommend to others.Should you buy this game? YES."
,Recommended,211400,13754188,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,High Class Knee Socks,An atmospheric time crevice.
76561198075991490,Not Recommended,211400,13753323,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MintyFox,"I recommend this game, but I also do not. I'm sure this game is vastly superior on consoles, but on PC its oversaturated with bugs, audio disappears and glitches are in no short supply. Remember, I played this game on PC but used the XBOX ONE controller.The game starts out fantastic, it flows wonderfully and you feel in control of all of the cool moments you're experiencing. But very soon the game design takes a sudden dip to frustrating, trickery and trial and error. You'll find it will throw traps, zombies and obstacles in your way without knowing how to tackle them or that they are even there. Your character will refuse to behave, often facing the wrong direction, keeps climbing back down when you're trying to climb up and making massive leaps forward when you're just trying to jump vertically to a ladder or ledge that demands you be directly undeneath, not always an easy feat with zombies on your tail and control that's not so easily adjustable in incremental distance. You may find you begin the game feeling skilled but as soon as you find weapons, you start feeling like you're struggling to overcome to the bad design choices and unruly controls that insist you fail.Some scenes in the game feel intelligent, creative and engaging, you can see brilliance shinning through, unfortunately you will spend most of your time with amatuer voice acting, hastily told story through stills and reloading checkpoints due game design that directs you poorly or misdirects you completely. Despite the frustration and amateur feel in an otherwise professional presentation I am finding fun to be had and I would assume a much smoother experience on another platform."
,Recommended,211400,10941722,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,itssmes,Bargin!
76561198011523498,Recommended,211400,10941839,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bendmac,"Would that I could give this a review somewhere between ""good"" and ""bad."" I'll be nice and give it ""good.""But in reality, it's a very mixed bag. The visuals are really nicely-done, and I love the sound design. Up until the final reveal, I like the plot as well.The gameplay is good, but at times it can definitely get frustrating. Sometimes you fail because you didn't get the solution to a puzzle or you genuinely made a mistake. But often you fail because the controls didn't respond quickly enough or your character didn't grab the ledge he was supposed to. Basically, the gameplay is... patchy at times. It only gets really frustrating later when it starts demanding that you execute sequences of actions, timed perfectly.And as I said, the plot is good up until the final reveal. Okay, I won't spoil it. Just be warned that you're going to get the worst sort of unreliable-narrator plot twist you could imagine. It adds little to the story and generally is just a hackneyed way to end the game.But the game, overall, is something I'm glad I played. If the trailer catches your fancy, you'll probably feel at least somewhat similar."
,Not Recommended,211400,10942305,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Diabeticus,Mediocre level design and a lackluster control scheme combined with a lack of deep character development made this game a disappointment for me.
,Recommended,211400,11028008,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MolZ,Beautiful and convincing world on its own way. Nicely playable.
76561198055467415,Not Recommended,211400,11041196,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TotesButtHurt,"The atmosphere of the game is ruined by horrible controls that have you jumping around in the wrong direction, and getting countless times because of it. Sprinting past a zombie that is anywhere near about to be fully standing makes them somehow tackle you and end up on top....   Also, when using an xbox controller, the preferred controls for a platformer... the game will freeze for a random amount of time everytime you hit pause, and will not always recover"
,Recommended,211400,11042176,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Makarov,"This game is awesome.Note: 10/10Details:1 - Excellente graphics.2 - The scenario is beautiful and awesome.3 - The history is very cool.4 - The puzzles are unique.5 - Despite of being a simple game, it's very funny and has a lot of action scenes6 - This game is worth every penny"
,Recommended,211400,11042259,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Crimsonzeles,"Deadlight 9/10WoW, just awesome. The only reason IORIGINALLYbought Deadlight was because it was a steam sale and I like this genre. Turns out I really enjoy this game as well! If you enjoy a platformer type run-n-gun style of play this Zombie Shooter is for YOU!!! I really enjoy its story line though I would like to know more about how it all started and more about the characters themselves. I also enjoy how easy it was to learn the controls they are not hidden they will tell you them as you play the game. I do not like how sometimes a control could be hyper sensitive and force you to do other actions instead, otherwise that could just be me mashing my keys to hard :). Overall I will happly recomend this game to all my friends and to everyone else looking for a good game to pass time and spend hours on! its most certainly a 9/10 game and worth its cost!!!"
76561198040397615,Recommended,211400,11069124,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dr Rafs,"Great story, great art! The controls feel a little rough, but they don't get much in the way of playing =]"
,Recommended,211400,11069406,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,88.globetrotter,Great sidescroller. Great change of pace from what I normally play. Gameplay is smooth and it's a beautiful game. Some minor flaws in the script and voice acting but aside from that definitely worth playing.Pros -- Rich artwork- Beautiful background scenery- Good character animationCons -- Script for cutaway scenes is elementary- Voice acting could be better
,Recommended,211400,11069425,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,zaki,"The developers have managed to create fantastic visuals, incredible sound, really good character animations for Deadlight. It plays fluidly, difficulty ramps up gradually and the backstory is pretty enjoyable. The game itself is fairly short, clocking in at a couple of hours not including nightmare difficulty and secret levels and is generally worth playing. The post-outbreak atmosphere is captured well especially in the first few levels and generally throughout the game. Slightly more action-packed than the Walking Dead, but the setting and the overall feeling are very similar.The big downside to the game (as other reviews point out) is the ending, which detracts from the experience quite a lot. The overall pacing is weirdly off as well, which throws the feeling of danger to the side every once in a while - for example finding pages of your diary all over the place does not help the suspension of disbelief - but if you don't concentrate on the poor pacing, overall the story is alright up until the last 30-ish minutes where pacing and difficulty start to be very glaringly off (there is a sudden and unexpected difficulty spike as well, that doesn't seem to serve any purpose towards the end - possibbly it's to extend game hours slightly). If it wasn't for the rest of the game being genuinely great, I'd probably not recommend it, but as it is, the gameplay is 9/10 and the narrative is a passable 5/10 mainly due to the pacing and the ending so all in all the game is a strong, enjoyable one. Recommended."
76561198030170536,Not Recommended,211400,11070713,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,FonixShield,"Disappointment..  It was not exciting. There were bugs, it was short, it wasn't a good story either. Only positivum is the style of the game and the drawings. The game went on my nerves all the way to the end, and I was hoping all along that it will become better, then it suddenly ended.As you can see under my name, the game didn't last 4 hour..SPOILERWhen you think that the real story can finally start, then he suddenly remembers that all his family died and chooses to die. THE END."
,Recommended,211400,11087246,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Unicorn Lick Ass Pride-Man,This is a really fun and entertaining game for zombiefans. I had a really good time playing Deadlight. The one thing to complain about might be that it was a bit too short (about 3 hours). But it is 3 very enjoyable hours to play. If you get this game for under 5euro you will propably find it to be worth the money (Y)
,Recommended,211400,11089502,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Predrag Butcher,"I like this game a lot!!! Great graphics, great controls (i played with PS3 Dualshock so it was great experience). I really like atmosphere of this game and THAT ending! Wow! Just wow!Well this game have some bad stuff too. Sometimes you can't distinguish background from game objects. But overall great game!!!"
,Not Recommended,211400,11090164,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Cold,"This is essentially the worst game I have ever played in my entire life. From this point forward I will dedicate my life to inventing the long awaited technology necessary to travel through time so as to prevent myself from ever playing this infuriatingly horrible game. In all seriousness, you will hate yourself as a human if you manage to play the entire way through."
,Recommended,211400,7458,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Hargate.u,"Short, but fun side-scrolling platformer."
76561197999250342,Recommended,211400,11104506,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Whiteshadow,"Overall a really good game, I hope to see more made like it.Cons:buggy in placespoor object collisionsometimes difficult to see what belongs in the back or foregroundPros:decent storygraphically excellent"
,Recommended,211400,58924,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,MovinVan,Unique 2D/3D hybrid platformer that makes awesome use of the environments. Controls can be difficult at times but overall a very immersive game.
,Recommended,211400,11250460,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,</Fryte_Nyteツ>,Really Awesome Game! :D recommend to everyone~!!!
76561198013256283,Not Recommended,211400,11252929,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Kellrath,"The game is rather buggy, and I found the controls to be sluggish, and infuriating on occasion."
,Not Recommended,211400,11234094,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Talzion,"Weak plot, immensely frustrating at times because it's very unclear what is and isn't climbable. Very poorly optimized for PC, very short a well, frustrating controls on keyboard."
,Recommended,211400,848966,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,SpinGee,Super
,Recommended,211400,6606265,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,b0ogie,"I don't play alot of platformers, as I think they should stay on smaller devices... however this, was an exception. Great game."
,Recommended,211400,209009,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,🍕scrumpysnaks🍖🍰,"A simple and beautiful game that got lost in the sea of incredible zombie games (Left 4 Dead 2, Dead Island, Dead Rising 2) near its release. Possibly overlooked since it is a side scroller and not an FPS or ""third person"", but it is definitely worth a look. The controls can be clunky and unresponsive, the traps and hazards occasionally are just thrown at you without warning, thus requiring memorization. There are common bugs like graphical issues and sound cutting out during the wonderly illustrated cutscenes, which is a shame. Although,  I'd still recommend the game, but just maybe get it when it goes on sale. You feel for the main character Randall and for the people around him, but the controls are just inconsistent enough to pull you out of the experience occasionally. With time you get used to the periodic unresponsiveness, and can enjoy the nuggets of badass this game has."
,Recommended,211400,3150555,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,4cylinder,"Worth buying on sale. Good atmosphere and some clever puzzles, as well as the pressure to keep running from zombies all the time (this ain't L4D). Gets a little repetitive though."
,Recommended,211400,483980,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,DEFme,"Deadlight is great.Fantastic gameplay with high replay value. Typical post-apocalyptic story you'd come to expect from a zombie genre game, but still interesting. Personal favorite aspect of Deadlight is the mini-game nod to Tiger handhelds.My only complaint would have to be the games technical instability. I'd assume it can be chalked up as a console/PC port issue? Deadlight is still very enjoyable, though."
,Recommended,211400,451215,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,mr.old,"This game is pretty beautiful with a strong visual concept and a deep, melancholic soundtrack. Great 5 hours of solving easy/medium puzzles and killing zombies. On the other side it is pretty buggy. The movement of the character is sometimes not fluently, the sound of the cutscenes is randomly off and many minor failures...but fun to play, definitly worth the 6€ sale."
,Recommended,211400,3462852,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,gamov,It's a wonderful game! Don't regret of buying it.
,Recommended,211400,7809428,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,multi08,"Awesome game. Not that long, but a lot of atmosphere and fun gameplay. Get it!"
76561197963648204,Recommended,211400,157646,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Ambo,"This is certainly a solid game and well wortha few £s. The only things that let it down are the hangovers from it's console roots - occasionally odd contols on kb + mouse (no, I'm not buying a game pad), a slightly opaque save system (you can't save, it saves for you.) One time, I died and it says 'restarting from last checkpoint' so I think I'll just quit and come back to it later. Turns out that checkpoint was not actually a save point... I still have no idea when my game is actually being saved.Those things aside though, the game itself has great mechanics and the world and story are very well realised. a solid 7/10 for me."
,Recommended,211400,493904,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Chandler,Neat game. Had some dumb platformer sections but otherwise really good.
76561198004095294,Recommended,211400,2211627,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,[HoS] Black Dougall,I'm conflicted about this game. I really enoyed the atmosphere and overall the game was quite well done. In fact I finished it in about 3 play sessions which is testament to the short length of the game (which I don't mind) but also to the fact that it was compelling to me.I think the controls were a little tricky at times but mostly they worked. The difficulty of the game was my biggest problem as it swung wildly from being moderately challenging most of the time to being almost impossible on some sections. I would play 30 minutes with very little problem and suddenly get stuck on a section for 15-20 minutes having to do it over and over just to get through. The last 15 minutes of the game contained a particularly bad section which almost made me give up.If the game's difficulty had been tuned better or multiple difficulty levels had been offered I would consider it a success. As it stands I see it as an almost great game that fell a bit short.
,Recommended,211400,1534455,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Rivent,"A short but sweet basic platformer where the zombies aren't just cannon fodder by giving you little to no ammo and asthma every time you swing the axe. For the most part it varies in scenery, has a unique look to it, a main character that sounds like Solid Snake rocking a hobo vibe and a respectful quest to find their families in a safe haven. Sure they do the mandatory ""humans are the real monsters"" thing but they flip that around by making the true enemy crumbling buildings and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ physics."
76561197971532050,Recommended,211400,523550,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"A ""shadow"" themed 2.5D puzzle platformer. Excellant visuals. Gamepad recommended."
,Recommended,211400,7397200,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,LordUnborn,This game was made for the Big Screen controller support.  This is a amazing side scrolling puzzle.  Only fight if you have no other choice!
,Recommended,211400,7819975,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,PrettyHateMachine,i forget what i paid for this game. i got it during a sale so a few bucks...anyway it was well worth it. loved the graphics very stylish. the gameplay was smooth although i died a few times due to unresponsive controls. it's 4-6 hours long gameplay wise but plenty of auto save points so you can pick it and play for 10 or 15 minutes  at a time and still make progress.
,Recommended,211400,1736620,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Panda,Amazing Indie game simple and beautiful grafics great gameplay.A bit easy and fast to finnish but a enjoable experience.
76561198071501309,Recommended,211400,8314238,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Thyphonius,In search of a quick cool game. this is it. Go watch a gameplay trailer. Enough said.
,Recommended,211400,146886,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,kholeric,"It's a zombie game that I actually like!  Solid gameplay, really smooth with a controller.  Good story line (from what I've seen so far) and some good challenges."
76561197990181679,Recommended,211400,1255492,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Mountrider,Must have.
76561197996545085,Recommended,211400,1692117,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,Dr.Slim,Wer 2D Action mit moderster Grafik mag und Jump and Run + Zombies der sollte sich diese absolut epische SPIEL kaufen !
,Recommended,211400,7657681,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Insane,"This is a really fun zombie sidescroller with decent weapon choices, though it isn't by any means a traditional side scroller. You have full control of where you go, and any places you go to on the screen. I really enjoy the level design and the art style used within the world. There are secrets to find, and the story is fun (even if the voice actor is a bit ""meh""). Its fairly short, so not worth much more than $5 probably."
,Not Recommended,211400,8580733,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Donkey  Shaun Jr.,"I honestly tried really hard to like this game, and I will probably end up completing it, but I just can't recommend it. It your typical platformer that seems to be plaged by bad controls and input lag. The game starts out well enough but very early on I started to notice I was failing and dying because I would try to move and nothing would happen.One particular section of the gamethe sewers with the Ratwas insanely hard simply because your character does not do what you expect it to. You just end up dying over, and over, and over again. Many times Zombies don't die because your character's attacks don't go towards the ground. More often than not you just end up frustrated.I also repeatedly found myself in situations where getting damaged was unavoidable, while some games do this on occasion I found it happening way too often. All in all just not that good of a game.+ Graphically pleasing- Awful controls- Not enjoyable- Frustrating"
,Recommended,211400,8583830,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Weezy,Short but sweet
,Recommended,211400,8584053,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,hau5tastic,"Decent game, had some hiccups with the audio during cutscenes sometimes. The controls can feel a tad sluggish at times too. Other than that I had fun."
,Recommended,211400,9333303,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,felipe,"great game, very catchy and well crafted story. recommendótimo jogo , historia muito cativante e bem trabalhada. recomendo"
76561197988935452,Recommended,211400,1194048,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Fizdabizz,SICK game.....old school 2d type adventure with beautiful graphics.  A must have for zombie game fans
,Recommended,211400,9863300,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Borlag,"Great atmosphere on a well made game that still has its flaws. Most notably being the difficulty of the game that comes solely on sudden deaths that you really have no way of knowing to be there until you die to them. Rinse and repeat until you've seen what kills you, overcome that obstacle and move on to the next sudden death scene. If you don't mind this kind of game play, or if you want to play the game in small doses, it's not that overbearing as the frustration doesn't boil over that easily then."
76561198025809862,Recommended,211400,9864912,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,JtheAardvark,"I recently started playing Deadlight for the second time and although I was a bit underwhelmed after my first run through, I was suprised to have found a new apreciation for it this time aroundFirstly this is one of the most visualy stuning side scrollers I have ever played. The ruined landscapes of a post apocaliptic Seattle and the eerie draemscapes that apear throughout the game help craft the tone and ambiance of the game beautifully, the arwork is in one word ""awe-inspiring"" but that will be obvious upon first starting the game.What I noticed this second time arround is the much maligned slugish and sometimes frustratingly inconsistent controls that many saw as on e of the games major flaws actually help illustrate the dire state and mood of our hero and gives us a glimpse of what it must be like to survive a real zombie apocalipse ,remember, this is a guy who is malnourished, tired from constantly having to dodge the undead and incredibly demoralized by the harsh reallity of this ruined world. There is no hollywood glorification here, just a glimpse of this bleak existence on the edge of a chaos.All of these elements actually helped to draw me nto the game and got me to care more about Randal and his plight.Once I got out of that ""rush to the finish line"" game mentality I found I was able to pick up on these nuances that made it a much more enjoyable experience this time arround. So if you have already played this game once and felt you would never play it again I urge you to give it a second shot, but this time around relax and enjoy the game dont just rush trough and I guarante that you will enjoy it as much as I did."
76561197975417699,Recommended,211400,684872,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,Totoro,"Deadlight's an unbelievably hard platformer game, with some tricky jumps and heartpounding situations. However, your success will be just that much sweeter when you get past it. And this is all even before Nightmare mode.... If you are a fan of the old Prince of Persia, this should give you a run for your money."
,Not Recommended,211400,14435480,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,\[T]/,It's an okay game with more than frustrating controls and wonky hit boxes. Making parts where you need to move fist and jump on stuff the most frusterating thing in the entire game. get ready to die 40 times for something very stupid. Careful not to break your keyboard and or controller
,Recommended,211400,13695044,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,"Buggy, The True Yonkou","I spent all day playing this game because when you start you want to now what's going to happen next, i liked to play it, next step is going to be nightmare mode, but it's an involving game and i'm sure who buys it will like it10/12 - Digassmen"
,Not Recommended,211400,14305107,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Clovis,"Although the backgrounds are nice, I found everything else disappointing: boring story, often terrible voice acting and script, and trial-and-error frustrating platforming. I was somewhat enjoying the rather generic platforming early on, before the story veered into nonsense land (Rat Man), and then there was a helicopter chase sequence that was just too much. The plaftforming was mediochre, but putting a very short time limit and bad checkpointing on it just makes it frustrating.I guess if you really, really enjoy action platforming, you might like this. The other game elements don't add enough to justify spending much time doing the same sequences over and over again until you find the specifc combo the designers intended."
76561198046955846,Not Recommended,211400,14283359,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,alasdairakerman,"Dissapointing  because it has so much potential; great idea looks good and for a while I was enjoying it enough to ignore the needlessly awkward controls and over the top voice acting.  After a while you realise it's not just you, there is a lot of randomness as to how far you can jump, whether the parkour moves will work, but still the story carries you along.  Then the game changes completely, throws out all the good bits, any realism and makes it entirely about precision jumping and random deaths.  Avoid, it will draw you in only to dissapoint after the first act."
76561198026578634,Recommended,211400,14181667,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mortir (Slo),"A good game, best described as a comic book you can play in with parkour and mixed with zombies. A bit short though, i would love to play it longer"
76561198035357355,Not Recommended,211400,14184792,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,fffruitbat,"Trailer looked interesting and the price was right.And it looks good, yes.But it's booooring.To be fair, I didn't play for long, but I didn't like where it was heading.If you're like me with a long list of games to play, go play those."
76561198066241254,Recommended,211400,14186487,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Shock Jockey,"This game is pretty awesome for the story that it tells in such a small amout of time. The 2D platforming was pretty awesome mixed with the 3D world around it. I wish more games could be just like this. Some parts of that game where frustraing and very tough to beat but very worth it. For the price of $14.99 it's a pretty steep price for a game that is about 5 hours if you really want to get into it. Overall fantastic game the platforming was very enjoyabale even for myslelf who doesn't play to many platforming games. The price could come down a tad, but worth the money. GREAT GAME"
76561198029663643,Recommended,211400,3952587,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,valius,結論として斬新な横スクロールアクションゲームかな。内容は欧米人が大好きな退廃的なゾンビげーです。FPSじゃなく2Dでここまで作り込んだのが凄いと思う。
76561198071559800,Recommended,211400,14513867,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lord_Pravus,"The story and voice acting can be lacking at times, but overall this is a fairly challenging, quick paced platformer with truly awesome artwork."
76561197996611160,Not Recommended,211400,14555527,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ParanoidFreak,"First off, even if this is a negative review i have to say, the visual style on this game is one of the best i have ever seen, its nothing short of amazing, i wish all games had this much detail and life in the environment.Sadly it seems all the team effort went exactly to that visual direction and forgot about the rest of the game... The gameplay is extremely basic and unchallenging & the story is completely weak.Its not worth the purchase, but i would recommend to watch an lets play and just admire the scenery."
76561197965578116,Not Recommended,211400,8403187,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Biltmore,Side scroll  of suck
76561198037770349,Recommended,211400,8403350,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,hellvaguy,"Well worth the purchase for the great storyline, atmosphere, and gameplay. Replay value is very high with the hard mode and lots of achievements galore."
,Recommended,211400,8403742,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,rdizzle27,Deadlight is a sidescroller with some amazing evironment depth. Each one is filled with layers of detail that just bring the world to life.  It is both challenging and rewarding to play.
76561198057569586,Recommended,211400,8403776,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lukasz_pachla,"very good game , lots of ""fun"" and nice action , it's perfect when we look at it as a independent game"
,Recommended,211400,8404030,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jabagg,Good.  Thrilling.  Short.
,Recommended,211400,3454394,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,k00l1ng,:-)
,Recommended,211400,5073399,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Verdtex,A beautifully crafted game with very fun game play. The story and voice acting however are laughable at best.
76561197971432547,Not Recommended,211400,7676533,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Ghola,Unless you use a console controller avoid this frustrating experience. Poor console port to PC. Shame - I had high hopes for this one.
,Recommended,211400,9670,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,vital3d,"Great game!  Simple controls, a good story, and not overly complicated to jump in and out when you want to get a little further."
,Recommended,211400,8230398,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,iChuy,"Very nice 2D game, Awesome :)"
76561198017734543,Recommended,211400,3117213,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,«Èl SkÛnKã™»,7/10. Good game for £2. Enjoying it so far and have had no 'issues'.
,Recommended,211400,712647,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Wysiwyg,After a quick adjustment to the .ini file to get it out of a locked 30fps the game runs butter smooth. Animation is excellent. Soundtrack is great though sometimes there are audio bugs with the dialogue which don't help the crappy voice acting.  It's not platformer that requires pixel percision but it will push you to make sure you use all the tools available to you.  The puzzles aren't too challenging but if you are going for 100% completion it will make you look twice at every nook and cranny. I'd give it a 8.5/9 out of 10.
,Recommended,211400,651460,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,Holy Heck,"Was fun. Wouldn't buy it for $14, though. Got it on sale. A good 4 hour story. Loved the 2D of it, just wish there was more to it."
76561198023211814,Recommended,211400,3465309,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Padre James,"Мрачная, атмосферная и интересная игра. Любителям зомби строго рекомендую. 8,5/10"
76561198018196693,Recommended,211400,7908333,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Punisher,If you like apocaliptic horror games then this is a game you must also experience. In todays world of 3D games this game gives you a somewhat unique mixed 2D and 3D game experience and not in a bad way but like a bit of fresh air in today's game market. Game is somewhat short and can be completed in 4-5 hours but fun hours none the less. I can say that story (not completely but character story) was somewhat similar to me to game I am alive where character is also looking for his family in apocaliptic world and there is also a lot of climbing and passing obstacles. So one can say that these games have some same elements except one is a 3D and this is mostly 2D game. One thing I didn't like about game is that you cannot take a weapon from anyone but from certain characters and places on the map. So if for example kill a soldier with assault rifle your character will hold on to its .38 pistol which is unrealistic in that situation. But all in all I would reccommend this game because of its unique approach in todays gaming.
,Recommended,211400,7911025,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,damagemagnet01,Soooooo good! Buy it buy it buy it!
76561198056604282,Recommended,211400,7911795,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,brownianwalker,This game is mostly OK but in some places the difficulty of consecutive jumps can be challenging if you are using mechanical keyboard. I am using blue switch and consecutive jumps often fail due to the key press issue.
76561198080911757,Recommended,211400,7912779,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Daddy HD,"Such an experience, a new type of survival game along with a kick♥♥♥♥♥story to go with it. Would love more games with a style like this."
,Recommended,211400,7920343,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,JohnDoe183®,"Good storyline and fun to play, with a controller, this game sucks bad if you try to play with a keyboard and mouse.  It's a port from Xbox Arcade."
76561198041519091,Recommended,211400,7922348,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,WhitePaw2011,"Deadlight leaves me with mixed feelings. Overall I enjoyed the game and appreciated its artistic style and interesting levels, the design reminded me of Flashback, Prince of Persia and Rick Dangerous soaked in healthy dose of The Walking Dead. The agility of Randall suited the ruined post apocalyptic world and gave the sense that he was a survivor long before we joined him. However there were some points where control response let Randell down, for example trying to hack a Shadow to death or pulling at shelving to block a door. There were a number of times I felt frustrated as Randall died purely because my frantic key presses didn't register in Randall's synapsis and he just stood there serving himself up as fresh zombie meat.The game is very unforgiving and perhaps should be when set in the Deadlight world. Death in some parts of the game is frequent and at times felt a little unfair. I become frustrated at the load times between death and respawn and felt this was unneccessary and broke the flow of the gameplay. Also the amount of ground lost caused me slight annoyance and  I felt that the check points could be reworked to improve the flow. For instance when I have to sit through an automatic scene and listen to some speech then pick up the gun over and over... Yeah, that gets dull quick.The story was a little generic given the satuation of the Zombie genre but it successfully joined the segments of the game together. Voice acting was a little weak but certainly forgivable.As frustrated as I got at times, Deadlight kept drawing me back in and left me wanting to see more. I felt it ended well with a good opening for a sequel and one I will look forward too if it is on the cards. As negative as I may come across here, I still recommend Deadlight. Even with all it's annoyances it still succeeded in being fun. I'd give it 65-70%."
,Not Recommended,211400,7976457,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MrBlubberbutter,"Unfortunately, very disappointing. It was a terrible PC game. I had high expectations and was really excited to buy it on sale.  Initially, my first impressions were great.  The visuals were great and I enjoyed the gameplay.  The voice-acting was only OK, but it didn't bother me too much.  As the game progressed, though, I began to notice how bad the controls were. They were very clunky and unresponsive. Rolling in particular was near impossible, as it only worked 5% of the times I tried it. It was loaded with glitches and poorly designed levels. It's a real shame. Deadlight was high on my list of games to play. It would have been a really good game if the controls actually worked. I would only buy this game if it was  on a REALLY nice sale."
,Recommended,211400,3517091,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,[OTG] Bane Soulreaver,Pretty amazing platformer.  I highly suggest picking it up!
,Recommended,211400,7984472,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Yvoire,"This game was a delightful surprise for me. I'm not much into the zombie genre, but that's because it has been exploited way too many times in too many media, and it's become terribly trite. However, this game embodies perfectly the type of fiction with zombies that I used to love when I was a big zombie fan. It is in my opinion a flawless platform game, with a good story behind and an overall extremely well crafted atmosphere.If you want a game with zombies but you're lost amongst too many titles, I recommend this one above all others I've tried."
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,211400,7987267,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,Decent.  Not great but also not terrible. Worth $15? No. Wait for super sale.
,Recommended,211400,3222337,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Elcu<Nya~>,"Genre: 2.5D, Zombie, Action, DramaMy Opinion: A-Length: ~3hrsReplay: Lowits not bad. pretty short, as I beat the game in about 3 hours, and there is no difficulty setting (you unlock hard mode from completing the game). the visual style is pretty, but it makes it very hard to tell if an enemy is able to hit you since its 2D, with a 3D environment, which means zombies will come from the background and get into the 2D plane literally right on top of your character. another gripe I have is that there are many segments where you have to be precise and quick or else you get one-shotted, where I have died a good 10 or so times in certain areas due to scripted insta-death sequences and lots of very clunky combat. its worth a couple bucks, but its very short, and you can tell that they didnt polish it as much as it needed polishing."
76561197987016653,Recommended,211400,7991852,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,SamRael,I definitely recommend this game for everyone that is looking for a single player experience that doesn't take too much time (it takes approximately 6 hours to finish once) and has a really unique artwork and atmosphere (music and sound is great). The story is a bit cliche but it is written well enough to keep you hooked. I also really liked the fact that the game is more focused on avoiding being surrounded by enemies instead of having you shooting everything that moves.
76561198042998141,Recommended,211400,9254710,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,RC1207_Sev,"It's a good game. Story's believable. Just one kind of zombie, the shambolic kind. You do get a revolver at one point but this is not a shooting game. It's about getting past obstacles and sometimes bashing a zed's skull in with a fire axe. You're not invincible, so you can't engage the zeds willy-nilly. One or two places the timing of your jumps can be frustrating to perfect but that hardly casts a shadow over the game as a whole."
,Recommended,211400,3791987,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,drnknmnky,Rly awesome Game!
,Recommended,211400,9268112,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Marek,"Very nice game! Also quite hard, similar to Limbo. Recommended!"
,Recommended,211400,2514663,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,BunnyGrenade,Pretty awesome! Works great with a controller and it keeps you alert all the time.
,Not Recommended,211400,8885771,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,s k a f s g a a r d,"The 'campaign' is embarrasingly short, and game-crashes are frequent. When that's said, the game has a nice feel to it, it's very 'moody' and it's really good looking! That's everything good there is to say, though...The story is basically a compilation of heartfelt moments from movies/tv series fitted to the setting. I honestly didn't know wether to laugh at it, or give up on the devs and quit the game for good.The further you progress, the 'harder' the game gets and the more you notice how terrible the controls are - which means, the more you progress, the more frustrated you will be over ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls, and the more mad you will get at ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.I might add that I was very positive about the game at first, until it proved a major dissapointment.....I give it 1 out of 5 possible Stars for: Full Controller Support"
76561198003428784,Recommended,211400,8890261,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Nroc,"fun game, but i had sound issues during the cut scenes. pick it up on sale."
76561198002743255,Recommended,211400,2131757,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,Johnny Mnemonic,Quality game
,Not Recommended,211400,9394518,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Basking Shark,"It's an okay game. Dark and twisted back story, but a kind of bland and poorly pieced together primary story. The controls are clunky and will definitly get on your nerves (especially during Nightmare Mode where there aren't any checkpoints). Most of your deaths will be due to bugs, glitches, or the game simply not properly forcasting the situation (examples include: The roof caving in without any warning or change in music, not marking climbing sections, not making it clear to go to a car which you can simply walk past). When the game plays correctly it's pretty fun, but there are some parts that are kind of pointlessly boring (most of the 2nd chapter). The puzzle solving is mostly straight forward and doesn't get too repetitive as you usually have to solve them while fending off a few zombies which can get a little nerve racking if you have to go back a few steps.Overall, it's worth buying if it goes on sale for $5 or less. I think I bought it for around that price and I don't feel ripped off....so that's got to count for something."
,Recommended,211400,9507825,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,{RG}10th_w0nd3r,"Deadlight is a good ,albiet short, atmospheric platformer. Controls are solid and the comic like cutscenes well made. Worth the 5 hours or so that the standard game gives you. The silhouette style 2.5D graphics are nice on the eyes and the challenge the game presents is nicely handled."
76561198029064257,Recommended,211400,3917630,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Melloman341,awesome quick indie game that has a rewarding story line
,Recommended,211400,6139779,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Ewlaird84,Great Zombie Survival Game!
76561198007471259,Recommended,211400,9492891,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Adrian,"Great game! Very nice zombie apocalypse feeling, beautiful graphic, nice platformer, and also secets and collectibles... quite dark story, well made. I also did not find it too short, despite ca. 5-6h, hoping for a sequal!"
,Recommended,211400,3007977,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,Imran.,Awesome little game! A most definite buy I would say! 10/10
,Recommended,211400,4635929,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,"XIII ""K."" Iowa IIIX","It reminds me of simpler games, mostly the old Prince of Persia back on the SNES. THe platforming is solid, and while it may take you only a day to finish, completing the main characters diary and reading adds a whole back story that will really grab your attention. If you like old school platforming and puzzles, then get this game."
,Recommended,211400,1541384,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Sharpiez,"Similar to limbo and walking dead in style. Close to Prince of Persia in gameplay. Axe and sparsely used gun mechanics do add some flavor. Awesome atmospheric side scroller, definitely makes full use of the 3D graphics on 2D plane for some great effects and set pieces. Oh yeah, the level design is really fluid and well done. There's a lot of backdrops where you'll platform through and then turn around and marvel at the scape you crossed. Only negative is its not too long (3 hours) so hard to recommend for $15, if it's ever on sale though -- pick. it. up."
,Not Recommended,211400,10184655,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ardent321,"If you play games for the game play mechanics, than you might not like this game. Deadlight is a 2.5D platformer with hard-to-kill zombie enemies. Towards the end of the game I found myself becoming frustrated with a number of the timed jumping sections. I was, however, eventually able to get past them.If you play games for the storytelling, then you might not like this game unless you are a fan of zombie stories. The voice acting was not very good in my opinion, and I didn't feel that the dialog or story was compelling. Cut scenes are done in a sort of comic book slide show.The game world looks pretty good, and the character models are detailed enough. Granted, the camera isn't close enough to anything to see the details. The lighting is pretty dark for the most part, and most objects are various shades of brown and gray.I did not enjoy my time with this title. I completed it, but I'm not sure what compelled me to do so. I am not a fan of zombie stories. I bought this game, because the screenshots made it look as though the game play would be similar to Shadow Complex on XBLA. The only similarity these games share is that they are both 2.5D platformers. If you are trying to decide whether or not to buy this game based on a similar premise, then my personal advice is not to buy it."
,Recommended,211400,4663177,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,b4N3_fTw™,"It reminded me on first Prince of Persia played on Amiga,just this one is with zombies. :-)Little short for my standards approx 8 hours of gaming...buy it,try it. ;-)"
76561197996176403,Recommended,211400,9883885,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Montisaurus,"fun side scroller with a decent story, challenging at times. worst part about it were the annoying sound issues during cutscenes."
,Recommended,211400,10006780,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Reznov,"This game was a lot of fun. A bit short, if you ask me, but the story was superb and the graphics really make it stand out in the sidescroller world!"
76561197992022921,Recommended,211400,1356830,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Leezo,It's pure like if ye mixed Super Mario Land wi The Walking Dead but no really.
,Recommended,211400,6210693,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Doug McClure,"Frusturating and difficult, but has a interesting storyline. Deadlight plays like Limbo in the sense that it is a puzzle game, but it has some very fun differences."
,Recommended,211400,10009869,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,SirPrase,"Just.. Beatiful game, nowadays it's not really easy to find type of game like this and I'm glad I tried it.Deadlight was generally very very impressive experience for me. Gameplay is good, awesome graphics and effects together with short sketches and great soundtrack make this game even more impressive.Interesting ending that made me think about real life and stuff like that.I can only recommend this game, it provides you very rare gaming experience."
76561198139476174,Not Recommended,211400,12993724,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,FrostFire1987,"only bought this games coz it was on a cheap sale, its ok for some quick fun in short bursts but i find myself getting bored after 10 mins! dont know why it might just b me, i also played it on my sisters laptop on her account but it just cant hold my intrest ): 59/100"
,Not Recommended,211400,13634459,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Grehg,"Shooting zombies is satisfying but you don't do it that often.  Melee combat was annoying at times. Some of the parkour elements are fun and slightly hidden so you have to stop and think for a second.  You die over and over at certain parts. The story is lame and some of the voice acting was bad.  The environment art is amazing... almost inordinately so.  I didn't expect there to be so much complexity and detail on the backdrop.  Overall, not that fun, so I was glad it was short."
76561197970574763,Recommended,211400,14708279,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lactose,"Not a bad game. Definitely only a ""75% off"" pickup because its fairly short and simple, but it was enjoyable enough."
,Recommended,211400,14933352,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Mrs. Emma 'Bob' Peel,"Very nice, good looking, dark and original.But it is a one trick pony, once you've finished it it is not a game you'll keep coming back for again and again.Still, worth buying, great show."
,Recommended,211400,14880863,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kolūkietis1,This game is good because you need to think in order to progress.
,Not Recommended,211400,14907073,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Render Baron,"Not recommended.Very catchy before purchase and in the first minutesof gameplay, I give it that. Polished and unusual graphics, rich and consistent animations: for a moment you can almost believe to have a Wow Game on hands.Unfortunately after a few screens everything gets sucked into a totally non-believable and uncalled for puzzle madness. The story gets erratic and fades to zero, the obstacles are for the sake of themselves, the zombies are less and less and, as one clever review pointed out, the game makes a focal point of what are acually glitches! Some awful and maddening moments (because timing is horrid and so are the controls) are made crucial, and and you see more and more of them.I ultimately gave up after rescuing the girl (attempting to): found myself playing all the time with a raised eyebrow and asking WTF is going on.You can defo play and enjoy the game's graphics, but there really isn't anything else except that."
,Recommended,211400,2116441,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,saulhdz,nice game but too short...
,Recommended,211400,14911363,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,hirkyflobble,The world needs more games like this.
,Not Recommended,211400,14912289,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,McGingerchops,"Let me first say that my playthrough of this game was, on the whole, a positive experience. Why do I not recommend this game, then? Because everything that it does has been done much better in other franchises.StoryThe ""New Flu"" came to our world and began to kill large swathes of people. Unfortunately for the rest of us, the sickness was not over when its victims died. Instead, the dead bodies would lift up, a shadow of their former selves. These shadows only cared about one thing: eating those that were not yet one of them.Randall has fallen in with a small group of survivors after being separated from his family, but there's quite a bit of tension when he's forced to kill another survivor's infected sister. The noise from the argument draws too many shadows, and Randall is forced to flee using a different route. Now, he must track down the group of survivors to which he's become attached while still looking for signs of his wife and daughter.In other words, a standard zombie apocalypse opening. That's fine, as there are only so many ways to launch a zombie apocalypse. Very early on, though, it becomes very obvious what direction the story is heading and, as much as I don't like twists for twists' sake, it was quite disappointing to get to the end of be utterly unsurprised by the conclusion.Still, excellent execution can make up for a cliche' plot. I realized that I wouldn't be able to give them credit for that when a sewer stalker was revealed to have been watching Randall the entire time he was in Seattle. ""The Rat"" tells him that he must complete his obstacle course to earn his trust then rescue the Rat's son from a militaristic group of survivors before he'll tell him where his companions are. Randall agrees, even acknowledging the insanity of this clearly crazy man. That's when I stopped caring about the story.Same Themes Handled Better By:The Walking Dead (comic, gameandTV show),MementoComic Cutscenes Done Better By:inFAMOUS series, Sly Cooper seriesGameplayDeadlight is a 2D sidescrolling puzzle platformer light combat elements and a heavy emphasis on climbing. Although it shows glimpses of some good ideas, none of them are developed or executed well enough to be particularly memorable. The difficulty that is present is almost entirely artificial: trial-and-error sequences, floaty controls, imprecise hit detection, etc. This is most evident during the aforementioned Rat's sewer gauntlet.The game's ""Nightmare Mode"" is extremely well named: it is exactly the same as the regular game, except the checkpoints during chapters are all removed. There is a reason that so few players have unlocked the achievement for completing it: it isn't an achievement of effort and skill, but of masochism and stubborness.Better, Similar 2D Sidescrolling Puzzle Platformer:LIMBOBetter, Similar 2D Sidescroller with Combat:Shadow Complex (unfortunately not on PC)ConclusionIs this a bad game? No, I wouldn't even begin to say that. For the price, though, there are several stellar games that you could pick up on Steam, instead."
76561198045056202,Recommended,211400,14922461,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,NA_tion,"Brilliant game, evem if a few sections are a tad frustrating."
,Recommended,211400,14926898,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,mitropower,"I like it very much. Its got a decent gameplay and a good story and that ""walking dead"" comic dread vibe that is somewhat missing in the TV show. Controls are good, there are some weird sound glitches in the videos, but I think those are win related, so I wont hold it against them. The only thing I can complain is that it should have more levels :) but for what it offers its a great bang for $12 invested."
,Recommended,211400,14804041,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zigabo,Beautifully done.   A side scrolling game that will make your heart race.   The story is intriguing and will make you wonder what will happen next.  Deadlight combines side scrolling shooter with a quickly paced puzzle system.  2 thumbs up!
76561198056449938,Recommended,211400,5975188,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,The_WOLF,Офигенная игра!!!
,Recommended,211400,14826816,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Want|Some,Great puzzle/platformer.
,Recommended,211400,14694945,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SyntaxErrorReady,"Very story driven jump and run with gun elements. Looks very good, plays short but nice."
76561198023073181,Recommended,211400,14682493,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Aldes,"Seemed promising, but never found an actual reason to come back and finish it."
,Not Recommended,211400,14685803,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Costanza,"Frustrating trial-and-error gameplay that ruins any sense of atmosphere the game tries to convey, sluggish controls, poor voice acting, and an uninteresting story. Avoid."
,Recommended,211400,14677278,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Rivendark,"Dark, dingy, but also quite compelling."
,Recommended,211400,14583499,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mirai not found,"even if it is actually true that the second and third chapter are mostly ""try, die and try again"", I have to say that the atmosphere, the story and the main character really worth a try. If you like games where the main story is the backbone of the entire experience, try this game. Anyway, I bought it on steam during christmas sale at 1,29 euros... At this price is highly reccomended! Maybe you can wait til next low price sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,14613248,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Luke the Human,"At first it seemed like it might go somewhere, but then I found that playing with my virgil was much more satisfying and immersive. 10/10 for zombie romanc options - progressive! <3"
,Recommended,211400,14669005,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sean@ares,"I found Deadlight very entertaining, and consider it one of the best platformers I have ever played. I highly recommend it to pretty much anyone who likes the sound of a fast-paced horror action platformer that also has a decent story and amazing visuals, i could not tear myself away from the screen."
,Recommended,211400,14671721,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Oo_tHe_deVil_oO,"Enchanting! morbid! and dead!can only come together in a same laudatory sentence only when we are talking about deadlight. (alright alright! The last of us is there too but it's not on steam so...)let's strat with the Cons- Projection of the protagonist!While all other characters are believable( thanks to good writing and voice-acting but the protagonist is the biggest misfit. He is always gruffy and way too macho. His actions on the screen and the dialogues are kinda mismatch most of the time. while on screen the character is running and dodging (even)from 2-3 zombies but the dialogues suggest that the protagonist will bring out his blades of chaos at any time soon and slaughter them once n for all.no character backgrounds!Even though the characters sound very interesting(they are scared but hopeful andone is outright crazy) but there is little backstory provided. protagonist's diary and collectibles give some info about the npcs but there is no character developement during the story progression.Story!Continuing from the above points, the story leaves almost no impact because most of the characters and 'motives' of these characters are left unattended . The game is much more enjoyable if played with low expectations from the story. The story writer sets up the premise very nicely but by the end you'll be left with many questions. major spoileryou spend a major time(even running from an effing attack chopper) in search of a 'son of the rat' and in the last act after the protagonists is captured, the captors asked about the same 'boy'. But there is no further information. It's probably the biggest loose end and leaves a bad taste in the mouth when you see the credits role.Difficulty spike!Most of the game is fairly simple. You will die regularly while exploring but it's a straightforward game till you reach the last act. Suddenly the game decides to spike the difficulty and the idea of spiking the difficulty is making the controls unresponsive. Now, I amnot♥♥♥♥♥ing here. In most of the game you can foresee what button presses you'll need to flawlessly traverse from ledges to ledges and you can press them quickly and see the animation of your character flowing through the section(even with a delay due to longer movement-animations) but during the last act i was consciously pressing the buttons hard and they would not register properly or with a delay. 80% of my deaths occurred in 2 sections of the last act.Now on to the pros:ART STYLE! ART STYLE!ART STYLE!Art style is good enough reason to pick this game up and play it from the beginning to the end. The color pallet sets the mood of the game. There is death and destruction every where but more often than I expected, I found myself just walking slowing and taking in the scenery. It's mesmerizing!! I am sure I could have finished the game in about 4 hours but it took me just over 6 hours(and over 50 screenshots) to finish my first playthrough.NPCs & collectibles :There are not many npcs but all of them are voice-acted well. They help setting up the mood. there are many collectibles in the game and some of them need you explore a bit. Many of them trigger additional remarks by the main character and they further reinforce the tone of post-apocalyptic world.Musicfor 90% of the game there is no music! lol, yes! then why is a pro? because whatever little music is there it is very apt and very strong. Sad music plays when the game's protagonist is in flash back or while thinking/talking about his family & in the run n escape sequenes a fast paced music score adds to the sense of urgency.BLACK MAGIC!!!!???This game has some black magic going on for sure! Whole day long at work, all i could think of was 'what will happen next in deadlight?'. This has happened with me after a long time and i am sure this will happen with you too.I am certainly recommending everyone to experience this game at least once but also hope this game gets a sequel and dev team share a deeper story in that."
,Recommended,211400,14722746,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,hehe,GOOD
76561198002152124,Recommended,211400,14739337,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[BLAM] Furio,only 6-7 hours long but its awesome. like a zombie re-imaging of the orginal prince of persia
,Recommended,211400,14598867,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,digivampire,"This game is a mixed bag. The idea is decent but the execution is lacking. This is best described as prince of persia with guns where you would rather flight than fight. It's fairly short (about 6h for everything game has to offer - nightmare mode), but that's not really it's biggest gripe.The controls are slugish and nonresponsive. This is especially true when you need to draw a weapon after say having just jumped. There were also at least 3-4 times when I bugged the game out (no way forward other than to reset to last checkpoint). Since I played this on a keyboard I imagine the experience would be better on a controller (since this was clearly ported from Xbox).During the middle part of the game, you will be going through a trap maze. While the traps themselves are not difficult, it _is_ difficult sometimes to figure out what can be interacted with in the scene to work around the problem. Given sensitive timing this will lead to you dying quite a bit until you figure out the strategy. Checkpoints are not too far out, but exiting the game and coming back in will set you back much further (in my experience).On the good side, graphics are very decent, voice acting feels somewhat forced but its ok. I find the slideshow scenes between levels to be a joke (sorry guys we had a tight budget), but did not detract from the game. Music improves the experience a bit. Controls and lack of hints aside, the challenge is set just right, provided you can ignore the frustration from sluggish controls at times.Verdict? Get it only if you love platformers and only if its on steep discount (75%).5/10"
76561197963367290,Recommended,211400,147295,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,K1ll3r,"In a time of 3D games. Deadlight is 2D masterpiece. AMazing mechanics, fantastic enviroments."
76561198081483515,Recommended,211400,14792713,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,StateOfRageNGrace,"Read the blurb, another zombie game - but cheap so i bought it. Started it up, side-scrolling platformer - do people still make those? Played - actually really quite fun. Looks pretty good, sounds pretty good, smooth scrolling, well-balanced checkpoint locations.  Only possible complaint maybe a smidge too easy so far."
76561198013650716,Recommended,211400,14776576,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,BiNARSTORM,"Very good game reminding me of ""Another world"" classics. The enviroments are really nicelly done and it feels that someone really take care about the detail here. Recommended with a controller."
,Recommended,211400,7590680,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,✿ LostinSpring (CatAssTrophy),Its good but quite short. im not a fan of zombie games but this one is really fun
76561198038719396,Recommended,211400,14166017,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nakushi || هما 鳥,Deadlight is a good sidecroller in a zombie apocalypse scenario. It was storywise nothing special but the end was kind of okay. The gameplay is not as fluid as i expected it to be but still pretty good. What made me buy this game was the visual design and it didnt really disappoint me.So overall quite decent but not a must-buy. I would recommend to get it on sale.
,Recommended,211400,4264,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Glibberman,"Nice 3h gameplay. Worth the  summer sale price of 2.49€, although some performance issues on my system in specific situations, which I can´t really comprehend."
76561198060195943,Recommended,211400,6156944,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,[D]Mit.,Really nice game . Has amazing zombie-like atmoshere . The controls can take a lil bit of time to get used but nothing worrying . What really bugged me though was some of the bugs this game has . Some call it a bad console port . I call it an amazing zombie-indie game . I give it an 8/10 .
,Not Recommended,211400,645122,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Triangle of Triangles,"Man this game looks pretty, but it is still bad. I want to do the opposite of recommending it, but steam doesn't let that happen. So I guess I have to recommend it. Go, my pretties, buy ten copies. You will not feel buyers' remorse after the first copy I swear."
,Recommended,211400,11928288,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ExpLoDeD™,A Great Story & Gameplay.. Worth It!
,Not Recommended,211400,11928954,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Jack B Nimble,"They abandon the survival theme an hour in to drop you into a bizare prince of persia warren. The controls in this game are bad and when the game abandons it's admittedly good setting to focus on literal spike pit traps it becomes worthless. Buy it for a few bucks, play it until the stupid sewer section, then just quit."
,Recommended,211400,11934107,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Alt3red,"I enjoyed the game, didn't enjoy the loss of sound during the cut scenes. Overall good and fresh, great atmosphere :)"
,Recommended,211400,11921429,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Whisperw@lker,"This is one of the best platform games that I have come across in a very long time. Noir setup with a good story, makes this a must have for any collection."
,Recommended,211400,1601142,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,Zomnomnombie |A K M|,"Very beautiful game with a unique and dramatic style.Sadly, I would have to say that it was much too short and had a rather abrupt ending."
,Recommended,211400,11923132,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Pantha,Another World/Flashback meets Walking Dead.
76561198037661065,Recommended,211400,11681572,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,sk8mesh,One of the best Zombie games I've ever played.
,Recommended,211400,4073882,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Zedd,Зацените гаму/you should try it
,Recommended,211400,11996200,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Naomasa11,"So far, I think this is an absolutely fantastic game.  It's a very fun and well designed side-scrolling platformer with basic but enjoyable combat.  The thrill of the game is not fighting zombies, but running from them, executing acrobatic skills and solving rudimentary puzzles to get from Point A to Point B to Point C as quickly and safely as possible.  Don't worry, this isn't just a free running side scroller dressed up with a zombie theme.  The zombie elements were very well implemented.  The atmosphere, dialogue and storytelling, and the purposefully limited but fine-tuned combat make you really feel like you're running for your life--and for your friends--in a post-apocalyptic zombie world.  It's a refreshing addition to the zombie themed games in that the focus is not on mowing down waves of zombies or barricading yourself up to last as long as possible, but parkouring your way through a zombie infested Seattle in order to survive an unwinnable war against the undead.  It's fast paced, but still gives you enough of a break from time to time to catch your breath and plan your next moves.  Definitely worth picking up."
,Not Recommended,211400,12008196,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,eden2812,"SummaryStory in your typical zombie game, don’t expect much. Poor controls and gameplay mechanics, ruined something very promising.Read While On The Toilet VersionEverything looked good about this game. I didn't care that it was scripted, linear, or short - I just wanted an amazing experience, and oh boy, was I in for a ride.In terms of story, I wasn't expecting much. It’s a typical zombie…  Sorry,shadowapocalypse with the typical tropes and clichés, lacking any sort of character development or emotional investment to the story. Our scruffy hero, whose name I have already forgotten after completing the game, faces most of his journey alone & unaided, with occasional interaction with other minor characters which lasts for a couple of seconds. Most of the time, he monologues and enters certain segments of the game that involves (surprise surprise)hallucinationsand (surprise surprise)ghost children.But no, that is not my main gripe. My main gripe was with the gameplay itself.The game shows off the protagonist jumping around like some Canadian Prince of Persia (Prince of Canada?) using environmental traps to ensnare zombies, or laying waste to them with melee or guns.Im going to throw the whole sentence above into a drain by saying:-1)	Controls are bad, they feel so sticky and unresponsive. Sometimes trying to get the character to drop from a ledge makes him climb back up the ledge (why?)2)	Early on in the game, you are thought you use the environment to quickly dispatch of zombies. This rarely happens and is always unmemorable.3)	The weapons you get, a fire axe, pistol, and shotgun are just so unsatifying and clunky, I realized I spent most of my time just trying to jump over their heads , hoping for something to happen like platformers of yore.On level design alone, most areas are cluttered with many objects, all useless unless they “glow” when you are near them. Sure, it gives it a feeling of a world gone wrong, but why the hell would you put some foliage or boxes right at the end of a platform you’re supposed to do a running jump from? How is one supposed to know when the platform ends as your jump prematurely and fall to your death for the 3rd time (or heaven forbid you miss the jump totally and run off the edge)The game also feels super unoptimized like a bad port. Frame rates drop when the game chugs to load areas, making it feel like you’re Neo in the zombie apocalypse (not in a good way). Pausing the game is also hell, where the game freezes to halt for 30-60 seconds as you wait for the menu to come up . Every cutscene was broken for me with no sound. Thank goodness for the subtitles, or I would have cared less for the plot than I already have.All of this makes the game a chore to play, and thankfully, I’m glad its over. Overall, looked good on paper, bad execution. Don’t get it unless it’s on sale or in bundle."
,Recommended,211400,12009185,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,JaG,"I wish I could give it a ""meh"".  It's the parkour of zombies/apocalypse.Side-scrolling was a little weird getting used to because I found myself constantly wanting to touch something in the background.  The ""shiny object syndrom"" I normally have in games wasn't satisfied since I couldn't inspect everyting I saw.The controls overall are a bit awkward and definitely need to be remapped - especially crouching to try to ""roll"" when sprinting.The clumsiness of the controls left my dying quite a bit because it seemed like it jumped when I didn't want it to or didn't when I did.It looks cool so it is visually appealing but I just wish the movement was slightly better.It's ok for the couple of bucks I spent but I wouldn't have invested a lot of money."
76561197983740606,Not Recommended,211400,12029330,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Bjoern,"You need little more proof than Deadlight to see that Metacritic is useless and either very fickle or easily manipulated, bordering on scam.At 78/100, its rating is almost identical with Fallout: New Vegas (the sub-80 rating of which cost Obsidian Entertainment a well-deserved part of their pay).Just like Fallout: New Vegas deserved a higher rating, this deserves a far lower one.Deadlight is a game with an interesting premise - Parkour elements, a dense atmosphere in the trailers and screenshots, some pretty cool ""alternate history - Cold War goes Zombie Apocalypse"" idea behind it... It's not until you actually play the game that you realize a few things:1) The cool setting is treated as a bait - it's supposed to get you interested but isn't explored in any meaningful way and it could just as well be the present.2) The parkour mostly consists of the same few puzzle elements you execute to follow the linear path. But unlike other games that are mainly based on movement as gameplay, it doesn't exactly feel amazing and you are not going to feel challenged at any point.3) Jumping and running aside, the combat system (and thus the rest of the gameplay) has only two or three moments where you can enjoy it; the rest of the time, it's tolerable at best and adds little to the experience.4) The atmosphere wears off very quickly. Yes, you're running and jumping around a zombie-infested city but then, suddenly, you're (SPOILER) running around the trap-riddled sewer kingdom (and it really has the proportions of a small Central-European monarchy) of Mr. Hobo McTinfoilhead who, apparently, anticipated all of this and started building his own city (but apparently without the blackjack or hookers to make it worth your time). That section is disgustingly ugly (it's not the poop, it's the fact that no sewer ever looked like that, anywhere, ever, and it barely looks like it's part of the same game) and it is pretty frickin' long. Oh, and the comic cutscenes... Well, they're not bad themselves but that style does not go well with how the rest of the game looks (or, to put it differently: ""That dress with those shoes?!"").5) As the previous point suggests, the story and characters are no selling point. No, the Hoboking is much funnier in my description than he actually is in the game.6) For 12 bucks, and even without all the gripes stated above, this game is insultingly short (at only 2-3 hours).If you have to see this game, watch a Let's Play. If you absolutely HAVE to play it, then1) pick it up when it goes on sale and2) may God have mercy on your soul."
76561198132209958,Recommended,211400,11885768,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Tarpinchacha,"Well, I dont know if I should or not recommend this game... It was kinda nice, the graphics are decent, the controls are ok and well the story (if you can call that a story - not very mindblowing - is ok too... That's maybe the problem with this game: it's ok. Nothing to brag about or to be excited about really.The main issue would be its lenght: in less than 4 hours, I finished it ! I actually was surprised when I saw the credits as I could not believe it was already finished :)Anyway, it's decent so if you can have it for less than 3€ (dont remember how much I paid for it...), go for it but more would be stealing."
,Recommended,211400,11900571,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,[GE] o monjão,"Really nice, short game. Good visuals, had no big problems with controls and the story is simple, but not bad at all. Grab it when it is a deal and have a nice afternoon."
76561198060832387,Recommended,211400,11901310,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,OutOfFlames,that rat took all my weapons 7/10
,Not Recommended,211400,11903438,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Donut_qt,"It was ok. Not really good or gripping and pretty mediocre all around. I decided I would give it a shot though and play through the entire thing. In my head i was giving it a 4/10 for trying, controls were lacking and felt clumsy, scenery and artwork looked pretty nice, music I dont think was bad, really it had a pretty decent atmosphere. But these couldn't truely make up for the core failures of the game.I think the biggest issue i had was with only a few moments left in the game i encountered a GAME BREAKING bug. In one section a roof will fall on you and you have to outrun it. The problem is the game would start the falling animation too early and you would never have enough time to get over the first wall you encounter. The fix for this? Restart the game and hope you dont encounter this when you finally get to this portion 2hrs later. This brought this game to an abysmal 1/10 as I didn't feel like doing the same cookie cutter unoriginal story all over again.So here it wastes away in my library. Never to be uninstalled as a reminder of the horrors of buying games on a whim during summer sales..."
,Not Recommended,211400,1266517,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,403 Forbidden,While some elements of the game were good. The game seems to have been poorly executed. The story cut short abruptly. The voice acting♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.There is one section of the game where you are being chased by a helicopter where the clumsy controls really fails you. It was super frustrating in a very unpleasant way not in a challenging way.I got my shot gun 10 minutes before the game ended. That was a let down. I thought there would be so many more levels to play where I am shotting zombies.Not very good. :(
,Recommended,211400,11909041,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"One of the better 2D sidescrolling games I've played in a while. For it's low price and good gameplay value, it's not difficult to recommend this to anyone remotely attracted to the art style and survival theme. At it's core it's a fairly simple 2D sidescoller (with 3D scenes), but there's something intriguing about the whole setting and style. It also delivers a very decent gameplay experience that never gets dull and provides a decent challenge. In it's price range it's good value and at a discount it's easily a must-buy. Do keep in mind it's a fairly short experience.As for controls related issues and bugs, I've encounted very few issues if any to be honest. Yes, the controls aren't super smooth or perfect, but you could use a controller with this game if needed. It doesn't solve all issues, but it's not as unplayable as others seem to suggest."
76561198007790544,Not Recommended,211400,11910170,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,DaBeej484,"If you're a masochist who loves restarting checkpoints over and over then this game just might be for you. Granted, I'm not a huge fan of platformers, but I'll still play good ones. This games grittiness makes it difficult to see what you're supposed to be jumping to at times, ruining an otherwise fine experience. Further, too many different elements get introduced that act purely as♥♥♥♥♥♥offs (forced sprinting section where you cannot know there is a gunman on the end of the strip until you get shot the first time on account of the forced camera)."
,Not Recommended,211400,11910499,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TＯＭＭＹ ＷＩＳＥAu,This version is so poorly ported that there is no sound in cutscenes
,Recommended,211400,8682089,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,dccamsari,Great game - It offers Prince of Persia & Tomb Raider gameplay with Fallout & Max Payne's dark atmosphere in Seattle theme! Loved it.
,Recommended,211400,8682749,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,OldManClean,"I'm not a big fan of platformers, but WOW. The environment Tequilaworks makes is amazing, keeping me on the edge of my seat in a way I have yet to experience with the zombie-game genre."
76561197977572219,Not Recommended,211400,8684710,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,NightShade,"The graphic style is interesting.The plot is just like every other zombie plot out there.  I need to find my wife.  I need to find some stupid boy.  I need to find some other idiot.  Even though the entire time the person constantly states how he feels nothing any more.It has the same stupid tropes that bad video games like to do.  Hey you collected all these tools to help you I guess we should take them all away.It does have some hint text, to bad they usually display it right after you would have needed it.The game does have check points and sometimes they feel really well place while other times you are desperate for one and now they are no where to be found.Over all I can't recommend this game.  It feels like it has great potential but between a stupid plot, stupid objectives, levels that are just noob death traps so you waste time to learn them, taking all weapons away just because (doesn't even make sense in respect to the plot), magical buttons (sometimes doing the same thing over and over resulted in different outcomes); it just isn't fun.  And that is the main problem.  At no point did I actually stop and go ""man, this is fun.""  If you want a Zombie game that is fun I recommend the last of us but this game is a wait for a steam sale game."
,Not Recommended,211400,8687045,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Chicken$#it,4/10A lackluster game. Capitalizing on the zombie craze this game rides the tracks of generic. A well done art design mask a plain game. The story is stretched and predictable. The characters are unbelievable and created for a narritive that would never happen. Just boring overall. Unfortuantly Shadow Complex is not on the PC or I would point in that direction to a well done side scroller with the elements presented in this game.
,Not Recommended,211400,8688013,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Beardmask,"A true disappointment. Paltry story stacked upon poor gameplay. The visuals are the only redeeming factor, but they are not enough to warrant a purchase."
,Recommended,211400,8688711,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,CrossfaceDave,I would highly recommend this game. The look and feel of it is top notch and overall this is a very fun game.
,Recommended,211400,8693961,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,hjertestep,"Really cool game, despite on some little bugs and annoying autosave, you'll have a couple of great gaming hours. Also additional stuff like art and gaming cards interesting too."
76561198110508075,Recommended,211400,14691220,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zek,MUST READ!! As good as this game is and i highly recomend to buy it i just wasnt happy with the ending nor how long it took too finish i want more gameplay more levels more indepth story more everything but other then that great game !
,Recommended,211400,14853803,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,PonderingDon,"Short, but well done and a great experience. Enjoyed it a lot."
76561197980206846,Recommended,211400,855901,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,InFOMys,Excellent little game. Stunning visuals make you forget you are playing it in 2D.
,Recommended,211400,8764391,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,generalanders,"Fun post-apoc sidescroller. Sometimes the controls are clunky and puzzles not obvious, but usually not too frustrating."
,Recommended,211400,439679,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Dakcenturi,Good side scroller with decent story although a little predictable. At least two really rough areas that could have been better laid out iMHO.
76561198080890997,Not Recommended,211400,6966205,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Dead_Rock,"First the good:Nice story, nice atmosphere.Now the bad:Clumsy controls, clumsy animations, unfair checkpoint system and crude collision feedback.For a precise jump and run the controls are just bad. Both controller and keyboard really don't feel responsive.The graphics seem to be poorly optimized. Though I get 60 fps capped it occasionally stutters for no apparent reason. There is no Anti Aliasing available.Sometimes it's really hard to make out what's fore- and what's background. Good luck escaping the zombies just to be blocked by something.2/5 would not recommend."
76561197964133329,Recommended,211400,8752317,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,AsRock,Awesome game nice to see the old style revived and best thing i seen done with the unreal engine in a very long time.
,Not Recommended,211400,8755880,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,emoarmy,"I really can't recommend this game. The finickiness of the jumping puzzles, the incredibly slow pacing of the story, and the repetitiveness of the gameplay make this a very boring experience."
76561198113769338,Recommended,211400,8756346,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,jappy1000,"Good game. Sometimes frustrating, sometimes the game lags, but it still is something worth the price."
,Recommended,211400,8694958,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Luca89ibanez,Platform + Nice graphics + Zombies = <3
76561198037979856,Not Recommended,211400,8695222,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Sunbro,"Nice graphics and style - not much else to be honest. Rubbish story, boring gameplay."
76561198021465888,Not Recommended,211400,8696851,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ProcrastinatingT,Game is bad.... characters are whiney children.... buggy as ♥♥♥♥... would rather recommend getting fisted by a bullet train :D
,Not Recommended,211400,8697092,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,kruteyebbo,"Looks nice at first but horrible, and i mean horrible voice acting really ruins the atmosphere. Zombies sometimesget bugged and stuck behind invisible obstacles. All in all 6/10."
,Recommended,211400,8711222,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,refaal,"Great little game: Beautiful graphics, compelling story, fluid game mechanics and interesting extras/collectibles. Surely the puzzles could be more challenging and the gameplay should definitively be longer - However, those drawbacks don't overshadow the game's fun factor."
,Not Recommended,211400,10941452,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The_Assimilator,"Enjoyable and different take on the zombie apocalypse theme, but far too short (my first playthrough took under 4 hours). Plot never goes into the ""why"" of the game's setting and has an all-too-predictable ""twist"" ending. Character reacts sluggishly to control inputs, which irritates."
,Recommended,211400,10941544,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Slingtwit( ͡⦿ ͜ʖ ͡⦿)⎛⎝°∵⋏∵°﻿⎠⎞,"Good game, no money wasted on this one, dunno what more to say. It's fun and delivers what you'ld expect, a side scrolling action adventure. Controller compatible."
76561198001172277,Recommended,211400,10904774,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,thisisahorse,"Fun game. Good art style, which makes nice use of the ""shadowed"" look to give the game a unique feel. The story isn't anything amazing, but it's interesting enough to keep you going to see the end.Mechanics-wise, the game is capable. Its basically a platformer with slight combat thrown in, although most times, you are encouraged to avoid fighting the zombies and instead bypass them in some creative way.A number of points in the game are very much trial-and-error, and can be frustrating. However, they are very few, and don't really detract from the game as a whole too much.Overall, Deadlight provides a good few hours of entertainment. Pick it up if you're not tired of zombies yet :)"
,Recommended,211400,7803059,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Noleen,"A interesting game, not bad, just good.Graphics are ok, the 2.5D allow for a beautiful scenery (if you like the post-apo thing), you move across various area with different ambiances so there isn't a feel of repetitiveness.The Audio isn't bad, the voice acting is correct, music/ambient sounds didn't catch my ears a lot so I guess it's just overall correct.Gameplay is a basic platformer, with some puzzles (mostly easy) some secret collectables that unlock minigames and some fights. The last level is also more turned toward the action with a faster pace which was greatly appreciated.The Story isn't original, it's a thriller with zombies, kinda like The Walking Dead, but with more action. The ending felt a bit cliché but it works well anyway.The real bad point is the length of the game, it's way too short, sure it's an indie and polished game but when you get an overall good game you would like it to last a bit more."
,Recommended,211400,10965450,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,pedro1,great game but disappointing ending..
76561197995844058,Recommended,211400,10966554,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ludemeister,"Fun platformer/puzzler/zombie/action game. A bit short, but pretty good if you like creepy/end of world games."
,Recommended,211400,10967500,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Nerbo,"Deadlight is honestly a sub-par platformer in an outstanding post apocalyptic world. The games mechanics and story seem rushed and incomplete. This game will have you running back and forth in a clunky moment system wondering whether or not you are messing up a puzzle, or the games level design is preventing you from proceeding smoothly. Its a shame that the actual platformer aspect of this game is its biggest flaw. Where this game does succeed, lies within its atmosphere and overall look. The post apocalyptic Seattle scene of Deadlight is an amazing world of death and desolation that any zombie enthusiast would appreciate. I honestly spent more time and enjoyment watching the background imagery over trying to navigate the puzzles. If you are a fan of the zombie world, than I would suggest you check this game out next time it is on sale. The story is rushed, the characters are unnatural and sound highly scripted in dialogue, and the movement system is in desperate need of reworking, but if you can get it at a good price, the world and atmosphere of Deadlight are worth your time and coin."
,Recommended,211400,1958806,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Falke,"A really fun side-scroller, zombie apocalypse in the eighties. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,211400,312080,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,synt4xg3n0c1d3,"Interesting concept of a zombie apocalypse side scrolling platformer, ruined by garbage controls and a boring, predictable story. Do not reccomend."
76561197991835078,Recommended,211400,10633980,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,|9th| Selrax,"Really like this style. Good gameplay, good story. I found the diary entries very interesting to read. They give insight on what a man goes through while in an apocalyptic situation. Visually stunning, it gives you this sense of hurry when you are being chased by zombies. Worth it!"
,Not Recommended,211400,8483980,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Cristan,"I really don't like the controls. Holding up while grabbing a ledge won't let you go up. You can only press upafteryou have grabbed a ledge. Jumping from a ladder to another ladder has a similar problem: you really have to press up and jump, up, right and jump will do nothing (even though I intuitively pressed right to prevent me falling to the giant pit on the left)."
,Recommended,211400,8484413,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,aep,"YOU ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE AN XBOX CONTROLLERThe game is unplayable without one. Otherwise it good, i just wish they had mentioned that.While being good, it is not briliant either. The graphics are stunningly good, but the gameplay is mediocre.I'd still recommend buying it for the current -66% at 4,07Eur  because it's worth that."
,Recommended,211400,8487636,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MaxWolfje,"A really nice game, bought it for €4,-It was worth every cent..., a great game, with a nice story, recommended!"
76561197990577342,Recommended,211400,8476213,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,EPSIL0N,"This game is visually stunning, the background and colour palette choice is so well done. You can’t help but to stay around a bit a soak in the surrounding. The music works really well with to generate that gloomy atmosphere but never interfering with the game itself. The jump mechanic can sometime be funny but besides that it worth a buying."
,Recommended,211400,2643645,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Mito,Left4Dead + LIMBO + MEATBOY + MIRROR EDGE + CANABALT = DEADLIGHT
76561198046074987,Recommended,211400,8478291,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Heavy_metal_man,"This game is a horror side scroller that tales place in the 1980's after a virus outbreak. You play as Randel and your goal is to find and rescue your family. This game is not what I expected it to be but it smashed my inital reservations. The plot is rich, the graphics are well made and its cut scenes are a refreshing difference to the usual ones. Not the horror game type I would normally play but I cant recommend this higher!"
76561198020276784,Not Recommended,211400,8478454,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MeLoN@穗,"The story is too simple and not much fun, plus occasional crashes..."
76561198120549024,Recommended,211400,8479513,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,verbal2011,Well written and beautiful game play.   Love this game.  never thought i would but at the sale price i could not turn this down and im glad i didnt.
76561198062357938,Recommended,211400,8479689,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Detox,Sweet storyline if you read into the journal pages and details
76561197977377873,Recommended,211400,8480558,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Calmisto,"Deadlight is actaully quite fun to play. You die a lot because of unpredictable traps and platforming remenicnet of Prince of Persia (1989) but sometimes it succeeds just right to let you escape on the first try from an unexpected enemy.And when the platforming and haning does work it is a joy. You feel like a badass for outrunning and outsmarting zombies and jumping from building to building, not stoping because that would get your but chewed off.There are however three things that this game does makes me cringe over: The gunplay, the writing (oh god the writing!) and the use key.First a word on the melee: It's ineffective and difficult and I am totally ok with that. I'm no superman or machine that can rip trough enemies like paper. The main character (if you want to call him that) is a normal man who can swing an axe a few times and the need a beather. It serves the atmosphere of the game that you actaully have to run more than fight.The guns however are donwright clumsy: aiming is slow and if you are in a tight situation and start pointing the gun in the wrong direction you are pretty much doomed and unlike the melee it feels unnessecearly punishing for the tiniest mistake. The perfect aim also make guns way too powerful concidering that the protagonist is pretty much a novice with handguns. It diminishes the feeling of panic that the melee has.Then there is the writing: riddeld with clihés, sterotypes, tropes and right out lazyness, it is the weakest side of the game. The main character has one note that he keeps playing toughout and the one woman in the game is frustratingly typecasted as weak, a damsel in distress and the sexy one destined to be saved. She is also almost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The ending of the game is also so baffling it hurts to think about. I guess there is a lot of material in the diary, but for a short game pressing for urgency in the plot, I could not be bothered.The use key flees klonky to activate with the character having to be at the exact right place to use an object."
76561197998375990,Recommended,211400,1816594,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Twelve Monkeys,RAN RUN RUN
76561198035328162,Recommended,211400,4303272,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,zargan,Amazing!
,Recommended,211400,8426487,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Teloriun,This game is a must to have in your collection...
,Recommended,211400,8427486,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dexter [Give me your gems],"One of the best indie games I've played.10/10A must have, and It's cheap."
,Recommended,211400,8427808,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Special Marshmallow Funnel,"Interesting; predictable plot; some good puzzles. Highly recommended at discount prices, and enough to keep you entertainined for a good few hours. If you can still stomach zombies and zombie stories where it's really all about the survivours... this can hit the right spot."
,Recommended,211400,8429182,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,crsteinb,This game is pretty good. It wasn't terribly long but an enjoyable play through. It did run really laggy on my laptop in fullscreen mode. I never tried to run it in Windowed mode however so it may have been better that way. I would still recommend it to others who probably have faster systems that can handle more graphics. It had a good story with no fluff and lots of heart pounding moments.
,Recommended,211400,8498789,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lobster Vice,"Aside from some slow control movements and some cheap shots thrown in to kill you a couple times, the story and idea of the game are very compelling, and taking this new twist to a zombie game that encourages avoiding as much as possible makes for an interesting game.  The color use amongst the shadows of the world gives a good visual appeal, and the effects of the world around the player seems real for the decay and fragility of what would be left standing so far after Z-day.  Sound was good, except for the comic cutscenes, but that was probably an issue on my end of the game.  In short, I would like to see a sequel, as it could improve upon this game in some aspects."
76561197975215002,Not Recommended,211400,8499490,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Giz,"Shows potential, however the port from XBLA seems rushed and the controls are quite often frustrating. It's also a common issue for the cutscene audio to cut out from the beginning."
,Recommended,211400,8499603,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Tipsy Cake,Beautiful game
76561198032486444,Not Recommended,211400,7854350,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Go Boom Yay,"I'm not gonna lie, this game's actually pretty bad.  The art style was enough to make me buy it, but it was a waste of money to me.  The gameplay was side scrolling platforming broken up by a couple of fights with zombies, but it was all shabbily put together.  At one point in the game a short paragraph ""pro-tip"" appeared on the screen to advise me how to do a walljump.  I kid you not, it was about 50 words long and tried to tell me how to do it on an Xbox controller.This could have been forgiven if the story was decent, but that was pretty garbage too.  The ""characters"" were basically voices, and that was it, and the story was ""I went from point A to B.""I don't like to post really negative reviews, but I feel like I should for this one.  Don't bother buying Deadlight.  If you want a fun indie game, check out Bastion."
76561198049860880,Recommended,211400,7855605,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dr Stein,"Some bugs with the sound, cutscenes will not have sound, appart from that is a good game"
,Recommended,211400,7855614,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Arakkus,Very cool game. Love the look. Plays amazing in Big Picture mode with a controller.
,Not Recommended,211400,3240343,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Rawrsdower,Game is buggy as hell. Have never been this frustrated trying to get through a game. Don't buy.
,Recommended,211400,7855798,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Slackarse,"Zombies might be all the rage these days, but Deadlight quickly became one of my favourite platformers in recent times. The game handles its story well and the artwork is post-apocalyptically beautiful. There are some very nice puzzle elements, with classic hidden parts throughout the levels for those into exploration.For the mosty part, the puzzles and mechanics work well, there are, however, a couple of scenes that are frustrating not due to difficulty, but to control issues (it is always possible these may have been fixed in a bug release by the time you read this)."
,Recommended,211400,353871,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,swiinii,"Consider this an anti-recommendation. At $15, Deadlight's terrible characters and plot delivery are tough to take. Voice-acting is the worst I've heard in years - so terrible that I eventually turned off the voice volume and relied on subtitles. Gameplay is generally okay, but with a handful of frustrating sequences that make you question how much playtesting the game actually received. And even with a lot of reloads due to those sequences, I got barely 3.5 hours out of the game. In the end, Deadlight succeeds at exactly one thing: a great setting and art direction. For me, that's not enough to counterbalance the rest of this mess."
,Recommended,211400,7856637,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Berserker116,"Great 2D side scroller with a pretty good story even if the ending isn't as good as it could be.  The game play is fun and I would recommend this to anyone interested in a relatively short, engaging game."
76561198044739984,Recommended,211400,7857002,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,D3athG0at,"I was glad to see this game see the 'light' of day on STEAM. They're a couple of things that Deadlight does 'Dead' on, and they aren't word puns.The side scrolling platform gameplay is refreshing, especially for a zombie apocalypse game in an over-saturated zombie game world. It does have moments where you will accidentally do something you might not have meant to, since some controls are keyed for multiple actions. In the worst of these situations, it could result in Randy's death (That's the guy you see in all the screenshots by the way. He's not very personable but somewhere deep down; he's a soft teddy bear who likes a cuddle now and then). Fortunately checkpoints are given out like candy and these deaths are minor setbacks.The other thing Tequila Works did right, besides having a snazzy studio name that incorporates alcohol with game development, is having genuine moments of tension in their game. Certain moments are an all-out rush to get from point A to point B without getting eaten alive in the process. And the not so subtle ability to full sprint tackle a zombie to the ground in an attempt to get past them when you are unarmed is nice in a zombie setting.I can't say I believe the voice actors should receive any awards for outstanding performances in a video game. In fact, if I had to choose a solitary fault with Deadlight, voice acting would be it. Just having little word bubbles would have been better, perhaps destructive to the art direction but better than having to listen to the dialogue where you could clearly tell the actors just wanted to get it done and see their paychecks.Though $15 may be a bit steep, I would say you could justify $10 or less. If you've been living on STEAM you've come to realize that Valve does Steam Sales about as much as EA publishes an unfinished game so just be patient if you truly must. Though Deadlight is worth a look and a play through or two won't leave you feeling 'Dead' and empty inside..."
,Recommended,211400,7857168,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,UllerRM,"2D side-scrolling platformer set in a zombie apocalypse in mid-1980s Seattle.Pros: Fantastic art style and sound mastering, fairly decent platforming puzzles.Cons: Very short (3-4 hours) with low replay value.  Finicky controls.  Some levels have painful bugs that you will have to sidestep; the late levels require some trial and error to get past.  The true ending is hidden behind an achievement that is nearly impossible to get, due to said bugs.If it's on a Steam sale and you're okay with playing a one-off game for the experience, it's not a bad purchase.  Don't pay full price for this, though."
76561197997534291,Recommended,211400,1757164,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,YARP,"A great side scrolling platformer, a good blend of challenge and difficulty.  A bit on the short side (with a straight playthrough)."
76561198067063738,Recommended,211400,6472597,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,HYDRO_TOKER  =[NuD]=,Side scrollers kick♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211400,7857962,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Nihilusion,"Deadlight throws the player into a zombie infested world, with Randall Wayne searching for his wife and daughter. Although the game is beautiful in picture, it falls short on many aspects. Controls can be heinous at moments, a few bugs and glitches roam here and there, the voice acting is sub-par, and the characters and story aren't exactly outstanding (and may even confuse players in the end).The game, more than anything, brings a decent purpose to kill time. But is it worth the $15? Absolutely not."
,Recommended,211400,539796,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Sanjuro357,"A decent game let down by poor combat and frustrating sequences where you have to run and perfectly time some jumps and dodges. It also suffers from typical Xbox checkpoints and prominantly displayed Xbox controls even when you have no controller plugged into your PC. Which is a pity because underneath, this is actually a fun platformer most of the time. If you can avoid bashing your keyboard during the ocassionally frustrating bit, then get this when it is on a Steam sale for around $5."
,Recommended,211400,7536199,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Kokoloko,"Perfect length (~ 4h), very atmospheric, great visual style and lovingly designed. Limbo meets Mirrors Edge with Zombies in 2D, what a mixture!"
,Recommended,211400,193842,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Fix,"Graphically pleasing post World disaster game with a loose but predictable backstory. The main character actually grows on you towards the end, even if the voice acting is a little wooden.Suffers from 'unforeseen death syndrome' but otherwise a very good indie title you'll play at least once."
,Recommended,211400,7996742,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,crockpotPot,This game was awesomeamazing visuals and really cool storytelling.Only cons were the unresponsive controls on some parts that required quick reactions.
,Recommended,211400,12611733,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,DarkEetrius,Love this game for what it is. Super hard to play from a Keyboard but since i purchased a controller im going to give it another go. I thought it was fun kinda blan but it can be fun and challenging.
76561198015430176,Recommended,211400,2980480,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Dr. PeePee,"With a low price tag, this game is definitely worth playing. It is immersive, and the environments make you want to stop and look. The music is outstanding."
76561198087405635,Recommended,211400,12617999,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,benzus,good games... awesome
,Not Recommended,211400,12733099,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,resistanceofman,"This game isn't worth the full price, the wonky controls and uninvintive plot of zombies is so over used. It's interesting in the sense of the 2d side scroller, but with the control issues and the fact it's only a couple hours long, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,211400,12733677,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,danieladirael,Short but Epic. Great graphics and story.
,Recommended,211400,12640276,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,JoeLogan,"Parkour zombie platformer, why not?"
,Not Recommended,211400,12707883,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,nessiehaze,"First off, this is a difficult game to review. In fact, it is difficult for me to recommend this at all. The story is short and dull, the voice acting is absolutely atrocious, there are extremely frustrating issues ocassionally, but ultimately it is a complete game.With that, I would only recommend this game in the event of a massive sale. MASSIVE sale.The visuals are pretty, the story had potential, the game world is somewhat authentic, but dear akatosh, that voice acting. If you do buy this game, consider playing without audio; the dialog is terrible, the voice acting is sad(which is unfortunate, as it seemed the cast really tried). I found myself excited to finish the game, so that I could play something else. I'm the type that has to finish a game before I begin something else, and this was a struggle for me.It appears that others really like this game, so there must be something here but it certainly isn't for me.Deadlight is a complete game; story, sound, visuals, minor mechanics, etc. However, it never really pulled me in."
,Recommended,211400,738650,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,Awesome✌Weegee👌,"Deadlight is a neat game. Pretty well made. It has a good story line to it. The gameplay is smooth, It's like Limbo plus Walking Dead. An intresting combo, for a Action Indie Platformer it's quite a good buy."
,Recommended,211400,510414,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,dank krypt,"I had a fun time playing through this one.  Took about six hours total to complete about 75% of the game.  It's good, but not great.  Reminded me of a two dimensional tomb raider/mirror's edge kind of thing, but with zombies.  Also had hints of Max Payne.  Fun platformer worth a play if it's on sale.  They could have done a lot more with this. Hope there's a sequel that improves on this one's flaws."
,Recommended,211400,12810584,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,docff™,"Just finished the Normal playthrough.Great 2D game with simple mechanics and enjoyable gameplay.The artwork in both the cinematics and the game itself are great with nice dialogues and an atmospheric enviroment which helps setting you to the mood of the game.As for the story,I can say with ease that it was excellent,although I have only seen the first ending.However,if I can judge from it I can expect a lot from the alternative as well."
76561197971570850,Recommended,211400,12928554,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Grinning_Giant,Retro styled zombie em up. Some good puzzles and frantic chase scenes. Some dodgy control issues can occasionally chafe on the otherwise smoothe gameplay. I'd give it a solid 4 out of 5.
76561197996114695,Recommended,211400,12931568,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Saytrsong,"Great game! Like most other reviews, a little on the short side, but it's a nice story based sidescroller. Totally a game that can be revisted over and over and accomplished in a afternoon. One of the highlights of the game that I admired the most was the depth of background. It's cool seeing so much detail going on in the background and some of it being brought into play.So, looking at this game as a refreshing short story with a real scenic touch...I'd give it a 7 out of 10."
76561198140287715,Recommended,211400,12889730,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,st4veb0l,"Picked this up in the Steam sale for 2 quid well worth the money, good gameplay last around 7 hours to complete.Story good and world looks very nice not much replay value unless your an acheievment hunter which I'm not I play games for fun.Only thing that got on my wick was some clunky controls at times.A solid 7 out of 10"
76561198147809184,Recommended,211400,12891449,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,FaithRawwr,"This game was better than expected for me to be honest, I love the fact it takes on a comic book styled graphics and the cut scenes too, I love everything about this game so far and most certainly qould recommend it to people who like side scroll,comic book style games!! :)"
,Recommended,211400,12880758,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Kotil Stonehead,"Minor problems with controll (sometimes character doesn't respond), level design (too many time trials) and save points. Great story and music. Interesting locations and very nice visuals. This world looks real even with all those zeds."
76561198084141890,Recommended,211400,12959195,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,qmagnet,"Fairly decent side scroller in the same control scheme as the original Prince of Persia, Flashback and Blackthorne. A few tricky parts but fun nonetheless. Not sure if it's entirely worth the pricetag, but grab it when it's on sale.  Cutscenes were lazy. Devs should have polished them isntead of the faux-animatic comic book images.  Other than that, I liked it."
,Recommended,211400,295489,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Alfred Neuman,10/10.
,Recommended,211400,12983710,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,AlphaWolf,Good game with interesting game play.  Simple enough to get the hang of yet difficuilt enough to keep it interesting.
76561197973843110,Not Recommended,211400,12986764,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Malice,"Rebinding controls is a nightmare. Too many combinations just do not work at all. I'm using all Logitech so it's not like I have anything weird in use. Binding mouse buttons is an impossibility. The game does register the middle thumb button as something (left alt) but it doesn't do what it was bound for. Also making a running jump (long jump) to the left works every time. Making the same move to the right has so far failed every time with every bind configuration I have managed to try out so far.This game was obviously made to be played with a controller. If you do not have one - skip this game.Edit: After many reconfigs I continued the game a bit. There are plenty of irrational game designs that make the game feel idiotic, but what made me finally stop trying was a spot where you had to make a running roll to the right and... nothing happened. While I did get the running jump to the right finally work by binding ridiculously stupid keys to do that I only tried a couple of rebinds for this issue and gave up. The most glitched controls I have ever seen in my life and I have played computer games for about 30 years. Default keys probably work but I refuse to use those."
76561198054997230,Recommended,211400,12976817,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Schopenhauer,Masterpice.10/10
76561198007101562,Recommended,211400,2422272,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Drenix,"Has an awesome story line,looks great, cant wait for a number two but....(SPOILER ALERT)How the ♥♥♥♥ at the end of a game, you give a massive speech about not dying and going on, to woman whos given up, give her a way out and not take it yourself...."
,Recommended,211400,8104369,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Erilis,A beautiful game with average gameplay and story. It's also unfortunately pretty short. The visuals alone though may be enough reason to get it (if it's on sale or cheap).
,Recommended,211400,8108524,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Claybrone,"This is a fun platformer. I do get a audio glitch sometimes when comic videos play, other than that it's fun. I also forgot how much you can die in a platformer. Pretty much don't like these kinds of games but this is an exception for me. I'd recommend to pick it up if it goes on sale again."
,Recommended,211400,8110028,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Skat-R-Shot,"It's hard to say when Zombies caught the hearts and imagination of the world but recently the love for this style of monster has swept up TV, Movies, and Games.  Whether it be the Walking Dead, Left for Dead, Evil Dead (remake), Zombies seem to be here to stay.  Although Deadlight portrays this oversaturated market it does it in quite a different way.  First off, it's beautiful especially for a side scroller and adds some great side scrolling, puzzle, action platformer qualities that I lean towards in a game.   If you're a fan of zombie games, story telling, and more underground games then Deadlight won't dissapoint.With that being said, Deadlight isn't all sunshine and roses.  First off, it's only about 3 hours of gameplay to complete and get over 1/2 of the achievements.   Now, this obviously doesn't take away from that fact that the game is fun, has a unique ending, and some cool cut scenes but it does leave you wanting more.  It feels short and not just short but lets hurry up production and get something out the door short.  The story here could be one that had an impact such as Infamous (which the cut scenes and narration reminds me of, although not nearly done as well), Last of Us, or something of that ilk.  Unfortunately Tequila Works kept it short and to the point which really takes away of the possible story rich, cinematic, potential they had in this game.I bought this game over the Steam summer sale for 7.50$ and couldn't be happier but if you are looking for a longer game, with a deeper story, and aren't a huge side scroller or Indie fan, I'd say hold off on the 15$ and wait for a Steam Sale purchase.  If you dig this style, this story line, and want to have a fun experience then pull the trigger and give Deadlight a play through."
,Recommended,211400,691825,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,ZOMBIE,Awesome game.  Well worth the money and works great with an xbox controller.
76561197975830700,Recommended,211400,8236801,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Darkwulf,Great game.  A little short but for the price you can't beat a great zombie side scroller with amazing artwork.
,Recommended,211400,8320876,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Grinman,Fun zombie platformer.  There is a trend here.
,Recommended,211400,5190198,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,RighteousShadow,"Quick and Snobby Review: Deadlight (PC)So, on a whim, I decided to download Deadlight because it was on sale via Steam. All I can say is wow! Great atmosphere, intriguing storyline, great visual (very Limbo-esque), and great blend of several game play types. Even when you finally get weapons, you'll want to use your know how and lure enemies into traps and avoid confrontations. This game is about survival, not kill counts.This game has puzzles, to action, to platforming, all set in a metroidvania style side scrolling motif, and boy is it fantastic. There is no overall map and you don't get a ton of items, but the fixed camera is there and some areas really open up.Deadlight was originally an XBLA game and was ported to PC without any major hiccups (some slowdown during loading sequences that should not happen on even a moderate PC, but would on a console, for example). The keyboard controls could have been tweaked a little more, but overall a great experience at a great price.I would give it a solid 8/10...Pros: Visuals, Varied Blend of Gameplay, Intriguing StoryCons: Wonky Controls (Occasionally), Performance Issues (Loading)"
,Not Recommended,211400,1785788,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Poor Yurik,"The game starts off with promise and the graphics are great.  Unfortunately it quickly sheds the atmospheric post-apoc city setting and throws you into a bizarre underground lair of a hobo that you whistle at to solve puzzles (I'm not making this up).  By the end, you return to the city, only this time it is just the backdrop to an endless string of timed insta-death memorization puzzles.  I beat this game because I heard it was super short so I figured I would see if it ever turned itself around.  Nope.  100% regret purchase."
,Recommended,211400,6272587,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,IRISH_GUN,This game is Intence as All Hell for no reason.
,Not Recommended,211400,17868150,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Azazul,"Starts out primising, but about 1-2 hours in it starts throwing at you badly made environmental puzzles."
,Recommended,211400,16577856,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,king_clueless,"I'm not a massive fan of side-scrollers/platform games . . . until I played this game! It is fantastic with great visuals, audio and most importantly a story that drives the whole game. I loved it's take on the zombie world too with let's be honest, has been done a million times before. So, in short, buy this game and enjoy :)"
76561197988566726,Recommended,211400,16513188,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Grim Jester,"There are lots of detailed reviews here, so I'll keep this brief:I finished this in a little over six hours, so keep that in mind when purchasing it. Due to its short play time, I would have been mad if I had paid $20 or more for this.The story is decent, and should keep you engaged, but it isn't amazing. It uses a mixture of game play, cut scenes, and a diary to tell the story.The game is essentially a platformer with puzzle and timer elements. There are specific paths and/or tricks to getting by each stage; if you aren't very good at these games, you will get frustrated. If you do get frustrated, I suggest taking a little break, and trying again later. I am not a pro, but I managed it.The sound and graphics are quite good. It's a mix of 3D graphics with Walking Dead style cartoon cut scenes mixed in.If the price is right for you, give it a try."
,Not Recommended,211400,16516969,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dan da Destroyr,"I wanted to like the game, but it fell short in many regards. In the end I was just frustrated and unsatisfied.Pros:-Beautiful Art(I cannot argue with that fact that this game looks great. The rain, the sewer water, the decrepit buildings of a ruined Seattle. It all came together to paint a nice picture.)-Story is decent, albeit a bit predictableCons:-Poor, floaty character control(Any tiny bump, any attempt to 180, ANYTHING made you pretty much lose all momentum. This is particularly annoying when you're running from a certain death situation and you bump into a tiny cardboard box and go tumbling to the ground. On top of that he is just unresponsive. I jump, he waits a couple seconds; I spam to climb away from the zombies, he bashes his face into the wall before eventually deciding ""oh hey, I should get away from these zombies"". Some people might say ""It's a more realistic movement system. If you bump into something you'd trip"". To that I'd say ""Well that's fine and dandy but it has to be fun. This is a game, all of the mechanics in the game should help the game overall be more fun. This system only frustrates the players."")-Unintuitive or Rinse-and-repeat puzzles(What I mean by Rinse-and-repeat is that sometimes it just comes down to memorization. Jump here? Dodge that? Shoot that? Miss one of those steps and you die, then get sent back to the start of the puzzle and have to do it all over. The game never gives you long enough to analyze and attempt the what you think is the correct solution. It's just like ""Puzzle! GO! Brute force it! GOGOGOGO!"" Some puzzles also just don't seem like the proper way to progress. Some puzzles are nice, you can kind of understand them and proceed naturally. But those few puzzles are shadowed by bad ones.)-Quick Gameplay with Minimal ReplayabilityAt the time of writing this review I have 3.1 hours invested into this game. That is from playing the ENTIRE game, start to finish. I didn't even try to speed run it, it was just kinda short. I even got somewhere around 85-90% of the collectables. Other than going back and collecting the rest of the stuff you missed and playing the Nightmare Mode, there isn't really a point in playing through the game a second time. Honestly, the only reason I'll play more of this game is to get the rest of the collectables and finish off a couple more achievements, which I expect will take my another 1-2 hours. So in all, only a 5-6 hour game. Pretty meh.)-Main Character is unlikeable(Last, but not least, I just couldn't come to like or enjoy the main character. He's kinda a d*ck. ""They're dead, get over it."" ""Man up."" ""Stop crying."" <- That kind of stuff. He also never seems fazed by, well... anything. Death? Nah. Zombies? Nah. Drowning? Blub blub. Then at the very end his personality changes but it just doesn't feel right. Artificial and forced to kind of give the story a satisfyable ending.)TL;DR: Controls Suck, MC is meh, Puzzles are sometimes fun but most often frustrating, very short game."
76561198146063358,Recommended,211400,16611008,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,dylandavis740,"ok so,this game is a bit boring after a while...but there is great potential,especially for all zombie lovers.And only for that group,if you dont like zombie games DO NOT BUY IT,this game is still great.So all and all this is still a ''ok'' game for the price.which is 5.093/5 star rating*WARNING IM BEING TOTALLY HONEST*"
76561198059939958,Recommended,211400,16407300,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Atomic101,"Run! Jump! And fail! Over and over as a post apocalyptic dumb guy.Spend hours conversing with yourself over the banalities of your♥♥♥♥♥♥life.Pros-Run through scale and current maps of Seattle-Homeless parkour simulaton-Evade winkies around ever duck and dive.Cons-The gun physics are too real, I got shot in real life. Like at my computer.-compelling man dialogue"
,Recommended,211400,13774931,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Artorias,"Awww,this game is far too short.7/10"
76561197995284711,Not Recommended,211400,16459933,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SnakesNBarrels,"Looked kinda like Oddworld, played kinda like Oddworld, but neither charming or fun.Go play Oddworld."
76561197971957090,Recommended,211400,16482275,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,charlie's rat stick,"This is a fun platformer with great atomosphere and visuals. A good way to waste a few hours. Not worth the full price of $15, but probably worth $5.What I didn't like was the story. It's corny and not not really beleiveable."
,Recommended,211400,16483409,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Yudoz,A nice story driven game with a great atmosphere.Perfect for a small escape from reality.
76561198020312789,Recommended,211400,16492291,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,booyakasha,"I recommend this game, but only if you can get it on sale. Otherwise, it's a no from me.  6.5/10PROS:-Nice Aesthetic-Platform style is executed wellCONS:-Audio issues (cut scenes lose audio)- Lagging when accessing the start menu- Voice acting and scripts are bad- Puzzles could be more challenging- Ranged Weapons are almost pointless to include"
,Recommended,211400,16488501,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr. Bluh,"The Good:- This game is incredibly atmospheric. The art design and in-game cut scenes are extremely well done, and definitely adds to the allure of Deadlight.- While brief, I found the story to be engaging, and I was satisfied by the ending. The voice acting was good too, and helped carry the story along.- Deadlight ran without any problems; I didn’t experience any issues with crashing or sudden drops in the frame rate.The Bad:- While I found the story engaging, there could have been a little more substantive content to prolong the story until its conclusion.- After completing the game there is very little reason to go back unless you’re trying to unlock all the achievements.-Nightmare mode is ridiculous (check points only at the start of each chapter, and reset after the game is exited). The game’s chapters/acts are spaced unevenly, and so chapter/act 2 destroys any fun you might have trying to unlock this achievement. Additionally, the controls can be unresponsive at times. The normal mode provides numerous check points, and so this issue is minimized. However, in Nightmare mode where there are only two checkpoints, dying due to unresponsive controls is absolutely rage inducing.Final Verdict:Overall, this game excels in its atmosphere; however, due to its short length and limited replay value, I recommend buying this game on sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,16637835,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eric,"Beautiful animation and a high visual production value don't excuse the horrible voice acting and story. The control is a little wonky, and checkpoints are in inconvenient places."
,Recommended,211400,16637921,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,osricen,"The game looks and plays really nice. Music is great! It's really short but feels like a complete experience once you get to ""complete"" it. The bad things: poorly drawn cutscenes, bad voice acting and little character development. Not a single character feels human (especially our main character) due to the little you know about them and how they sound. The game's story relies too much on text (diaries, etc.) and unfortunately cutscenes' content feel uninspired. Anyway, it's a recommended game to buy when in discount."
,Recommended,211400,6425761,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Shyalaman,I love the gameplay and graphics ! The only negative features are no sound during cutscenes (which is probably a bug) and you can't really see if an object is in the background or not.
76561198096086355,Not Recommended,211400,8424539,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Miztuh J,"The artwork of the level designs satisfied my visual appetite. The way the background continues to seem alive while all else is dead is one of the main reasons I continued to play this game til the end.The voice acting was just bad and made me laugh with embarassment at times.Some of the platforming controls were just unnecessarily irritating at times due to faulty timing and just constant respawning bugs.The story isn't even great with an ending that makes me tilt my head and grimace with confusion and a huge sense of empty dissatisfaction.The potential was great with how well the artwork was and the extra concept unlockables portrayed but the delivery of the game overall was not enough to make me want to play the game a second time even to try to find what collectables I missed.If someone were to bring up Deadlight in person my true intitial response would be ""Eh. Deadlight looks great artistically with the great backgrounds and all, but overall I wouldn't bother with it. The story was forgettable and you end up with more frustration than you do satisfaction at the end of it all. Just pass."""
,Recommended,211400,8411466,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,roadkill,"Very short but visually stunning side-scrolling action game.  I wasn't sure if I'd like the art style or not, but it really works in this game.  I enjoyed the story, and the action is a lot of fun.  My only criticisms are it's very short (finished in under 5 hours) and there are some sequences you have to repeat over and over  until you hit just the right keys at the right time.  That can be frustrating.  Overall, I highly recommend the game if you like a good story, zombies, and side-scrolling action."
76561198046756410,Not Recommended,211400,11304801,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,nichharp,While Deadlight does provide gorgeous graphics and the basics of a good game it does like a lot of things to be a great game. The game glitches too much and the story line is very predictible and the voice acting is not top notch. The characters are assumed to have deep storylines but really they dont have very much depth.
,Recommended,211400,1463525,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,[HEAT]Penetralia13,"Amazing storyline, unique gamingstyle and gameplay"
,Not Recommended,211400,12685312,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,dagamdagee,"It's truly a terrifying game, but for all the wrong reasons. Deadlight starts really well with a good set piece of survivors dealing with the transformation of one of their own. It sets a good tone, and I wanted to know more about their story prior to their predicament. However, this good start is cut short as the game's mechanics do not work very well at all.Console-style platforms require precision and a good flow of movement in order to give the player a sense of development as they pass increasingly difficult obstacles. When a player fails a test of skill, they should feel responsible for that mistake. But this game does not have the right feel. The momentum from jumping or running just does not feel right at all. The rules and spaces of play are never conveyed very well, and that's what really drags this game down.I never felt as though I was learning as I played the game. It was a constant roll of the dice (metaphorically speaking) or a practice of trial-and-error in advancing from level to level. With two hours on record, I just could not go any further with Deadlight. While the atmosphere, themes and characters were interesting, the shoddy systems and mechanics negated any positive feelings I could have for it."
76561197995944719,Recommended,211400,12699052,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Yeyinde,"Excellent game.Short, but well worth it.It's all round good. Good controls (with a 360 pad, didn't try keyboard), well told story and very enjoyable."
76561198067897151,Recommended,211400,12722231,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Killerrush,Gameplay 7/10Graphics 7/10Recommendation:Yes
,Recommended,211400,12713862,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Red ★,Es un buen juego. Quizás muy corto (se acaba en una tarde) pero recomiendo su compra en rebajas. La historia del juego es original dentro del marco de una apocalipsis zombie y gráficamente logra captar la belleza de la destrucción
,Recommended,211400,12719951,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,wynt,"its awesome game,unique zombie games, if you like limbo you will like this game to"
76561197960518123,Recommended,211400,12721973,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,HotsalZa,"A Zombie themed mixture of the classic Prince of Percia (jumping,traps) + May Payne like Story telling (comic,dark).I had fun with the game but it has some flaws like.- gaming time for me 4 hours- alot of passages that you cant make/pass first time- if you are not a regular gamer you will have some hard time passing some scences without dieing and reloading alot.- Unrealistic Level Design (well its a game)but+ Atmosphere is nice+ Graphics are good+ Fun gameTry it"
,Recommended,211400,12667440,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Quick Dry,"This is a really fun game especially when you are tired of all the online game and need a break. I started playing this game with the normal mouse and keyboard, and ended up on my sofa with my controller. You have to  think youre way out of trouble, not difficult but it gets more intense, forcing you to think faster. Brilliant game and very interesting story line.I recommend this game for the more strategic gamers that love a good story.Enjoy the game and use youre sling shot wise."
,Recommended,211400,12646717,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Alluvian,"Decent game.  Super good looking, and very good use of the foreground and background in this pure sidescroller.  Some bits in the middle were a little frustrating, but nothing overstayed it's welcome.  The game was fairly short, but tight."
76561197977510099,Not Recommended,211400,12649159,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Kyle R,"Some nice ideas poorly executed. The atmosphere in the early parts of the game is well executed, but the quality of the visuals means that the contrivances of the level designs become very apparent over time (things like having to find a way over a wall even though you can see that if you could just walk into the background there's an easier way to cross and so on).I could forgive this by itself but when coupled with issues like certain interactive components requiring you to stand in just the right place for them to work, or repeated instances of being unarmed but not picking up weapons dropped by enemies, or checkpoints that insist on regaling you with (bad) dialogue every time you respawn, it feels like a game that needs more polish and QA to really live up to its potential. (It doesn't help that the storyline is a bit over-wrought while also being pretty derivative...)Deadlight never quite hits its groove, but some sections do come close."
,Recommended,211400,3233143,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,XxXFEET69DESTROYERXxX,Great atmospheric game
76561198036909768,Recommended,211400,12659122,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Webby Vanderquack,"A simple zombie slaying platformer. It is not necessarily AMAZING, though it does not do anything wrong.Get it on sale if you can, you may end up beating the game in under 3 hours! There IS a probably I personally had where the sound would just cut out during the cutscenes and it was very awkward. It's decent!"
76561198032042243,Recommended,211400,13010410,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,magneticblue,"Great atmosphere, bad experience and story."
,Recommended,211400,13060473,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Zerga,"Why do I recommend this game:- You can feel the attention to detail- The graphics and animations make the game feel very alive- The atmosphere is fantastic- A zombie game always requires you to kill or run, this one also makes you stop and think- The story is great, every chapter has a believable plot- Its not too long so you will never think ""when is this finally over?""- I like to support small european developers (this one is from spain)What was not good:- Just a little thing that disturbed me was that the sound sometimes came from the very left or right speaker even though the zombie was almost in the center of the screen.All in all:- Its around 5 hours of play time (one playthrough) and well worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,211400,21093329,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,missvalerietanner,"Deadlight is fun to play, but the story is fairly weak (nothing new in the zombie department). I personally didn't really care about any of the characters until the very end, so the emotional, character-driven connection that I prefer in games simply doesn't exist here.It's about a five hour game, and I played it in small sections over MANY weeks, so it barely kept me coming back. I only pushed through because I wanted to know the ending (which isn't anything to get excited about), and since beating it, I haven't played it and probably won't ever play it again. Multiple sections of the game can be frustrating to get through due to multiple trial-and-error deaths and ""oh so that IS a platform"" scenarios.I would recommend it ONLY because it's fun to play (despite the difficulties at some points). Don't expect too much more because beyond the controls, this game is forgettable."
76561198023608243,Recommended,211400,3488959,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Wild Wolf,"Однозначно стоит того, что бы увидеть!"
,Recommended,211400,20452143,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,derKenny,"Nice side-scroller, i like it :)"
76561198075757465,Not Recommended,211400,21122881,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ARSE OF COMBAT,"The game has a good atmosphere, that's it. Voice actors are not good, and his daughter sounds almost like a man putting on a little girls voice. The game is ridden with glitches. For 4 bucks I guess it's expected but get ready to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of when jumping right sends you jumping left or not jumping at all, fighting invisible soldiers or invincible soldiers or having zombies move through walls and get you, or getting locked out of the next stage of the game because a door glitched and closed through you. I don't mind a challenge but when glitches get in the way the game turns into a waste of time and money. Don't buy it unless your looking for a crumby game to waste time."
76561198079598922,Recommended,211400,21337499,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Invictus,"This is a fine piece of story telling... Also the platforming feels great, there are a lot of crazy escapes in last second and gratifying, sweeping views. I liked the graphics quite a lot, ony the comic style cutscenes were not my cup of tea.All in all a solid gameplay, intriguing story and very good level design!!8 out of 10 - highly recommended."
,Recommended,211400,18565409,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,dayvan,"Not a big fan of platformers but this one has a nice atmosphere and music. The setup is good (post apocalyptic world, zombies etc.) but the execution is not the best. Still enjoyable tho."
76561197971446226,Recommended,211400,18560798,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,NastyNine99,"Fantastic game hindered by some of the worst ""I forgot how to open doors"" and ""what do I do now"" struggles I've experienced in decades.Write down what the buttons do if you're like me and want to just play it every once in a while, instead of all at once."
76561197971089287,Recommended,211400,18570613,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Do0m[y],"Really cool gameTrapsGraphicsAnimationsSounds FXReally great drawings!VoicesCons:Rip-off ofPrince of Percia (1989)... with zombies.Console port, again...Strange lags sometimes.Annoying loading system (checkpoints...)Scenario and insipid dialogues"
,Recommended,211400,13813046,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,sprackattack,"This game was a big surprise. The 80s, the Pacific NW (my part of the world), zombies and good story development in a Prince of Persia like platformer. Add to that the little handheld sprite mini-games. While I might not be good enough to play through Nightmare mode, I would recommend to others and possibly play again.A-"
76561198026746288,Not Recommended,211400,13814661,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gutterpump,"Really clunky controls, uninteresting characters, horrible character voicing and a boring plot. I got frustrated of the constant bad platforming and couldn't be bothered to finish the game."
,Recommended,211400,13815040,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DramaLama,Deadlight is an awesome game - I just finished it. It's quite short (took me 4.3hrs to finish it) and the last 10% of the game are a trial of horrible design decisions. They're not horrible enough to ruin the rest of the game though. I really enjoyed the heck out of the other 90%.
,Recommended,211400,1519588,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Orderves,"Prince of Persia meets Walking Dead. Bloody good, though a little short."
76561198036725485,Recommended,211400,8400108,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bastet,"I really like this game, it has very beautifully constructed environments with are simple but artst and make for an effective style of play. The music and sound effects are good too.I find it very relaxing and refreshing as I'm not personally used to side scrollers like this.Very enjoyable. It is a tad short though, but for the price last Xmas in the sale, it's worth it. Definitely a good game, just not worth £9.99. The sale however, makes it worth it."
76561198026445950,Not Recommended,211400,21653394,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,hairyaskins,"fun but short, good thing it didnt cost much."
,Recommended,211400,1438106,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Sheyon,"The controls can be imprecise and the plot simple, but it's a solid little platformer you could probably knock out in a sitting or two. Great atmosphere in a game world and the soundtrack is excellent."
,Recommended,211400,21824533,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,FoReVeR,I enjoyed the game alot.
,Not Recommended,211400,7326861,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Manager at Tuesday Morning®,"I forgot why I'd stopped playing this game, so I decided to try it out again. Then I remembered exactly why I'd abandoned it: it has some of the worst controls, voice acting, and writing I've ever seen in a 'AAA' digital title (I call it that because Microsoft advertised it out the wazoo up until its release). With that combination, and the fact that halfway through the game it suddenly decides it wants to be a platformer, it should come as no surprise that this is simply an awful time. There's no satisfaction in making a jump that you had been a millisecond off of making fifty times before - there's only the elation of knowing that you won't have to do it again, and the dread of knowing that more jumps like it are yet to come."
76561198074037869,Recommended,211400,9878773,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,BeserkerBatey,"The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.The Good: The silhouette aesthetic is pretty awesome, and provides great visuals for this sidescroller/platformer. The enemies are actually decent, you can die fairly easily, so you have to outthink them. The cutscenes are animated and they're heavy on the ink, it reminds me of the Walking Dead Comic.The Bad: The storyline wraps up quick, it's like they were thinking of adding chapters as DLC or something because the pacing of the story shifts instantly after lagging so much in the first act.The Ugly: The voice acting, holy shi-it, it's reminiscent of the early Resident Evil games. I kept expecting Barry to pop up out of nowhere.Overall, I'd recommend it if you want Pitfall with Zombies. Wait for it to come on sale. It's a good few hours burned in another post apocalyptic zombie game."
,Recommended,211400,25443600,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[DLR]Firefly,Thumbs up for the game.  Didn't know about the big publisher problem releasing a directors cut till just now.  Pretty shady way to do things.  But I didn't experience any problems playing the game and enjoyed it so I have to give a recommendation.
,Not Recommended,211400,25505540,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,epebe,"The concept of old-meets new is pretty interesting, and in some ways a new experience;The art direction is amazing and manages to build the atmosphere very well. Worth spending some time admiring all the details!Controls are simple to get, but can get very buggy, specially towards the end of the game, as you need faster imputs;Story is very predictable, and felt cut short in the end;Voice acting is weak, some actors either had zero drive, or they where simply terribly missplaced role-wise;Game overall gets very buggy towards the end.It´s a great addition if you just want to check out the amazing art."
,Recommended,211400,22752360,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LlamaSensei,"I highly recommend this game if you are into survival and platformers. I finished the first playthrough in 4 hours, and it was a blast. Areas aren't Dark Souls levels of hard, but they present their own puzzles and challenges in their own way. If you don't look for hidden areas, you'll find yourself low on ammo, but if you locate plenty of hidden areas, ammo comes pretty easily.The story is very compelling. It's a tad short, but it is well done. Just be ready for the feelz."
76561198035159665,Not Recommended,211400,22719217,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Glowstone,"I echo what other negative responses make!This game looks good and should be good for its dark, moody approach, however the gameplay is boring.The deathrate is high and progress is made from ""trial and error"" rather than seeing a coherant pathway to get through.If you want a decent atmospheric side scroller, pick ""This War of Mine"" which totally blasts this out of the water!Refund requested."
,Not Recommended,211400,22773327,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Gristle Tits,Combat's too clunky to bare the minimal story. Might as well watch The Walking Dead.
,Recommended,211400,22787224,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,harding_pm,great cinematic side-scolling adventure.
,Not Recommended,211400,22789053,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MarshMallowEgg,"Due to sloppy controls and physics bugs this is merely an mediocre game.In addition, some plot lines show promise but are under developed and don't come to any resolution.The game has it's moments and challenges but these are overshadowed by it's flaws.For a better experience, play Shadow Complex or Limbo. It aspires to be these games but ultimately fails."
76561197983818242,Recommended,211400,22915677,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,thickbeans,walking/10
76561198145818170,Recommended,211400,22317779,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Alex Serban,"Game is ok overall. Graphics are really good and gameplay is fun. However there are a lot of aspects which destroy the game. Like hitting a zombie in the head with an axe 15 times and it doesn't die. Sometimes you have to die a lot in order to figure out how to escape a room this happens a lot in the second half of the game where games pace increases.If it's on steam sale, maybe worth it, full price... not so much."
,Not Recommended,211400,22292893,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,NeuroTrophicShock,"Genre Tags: 2D; Platformer; Adventure; Puzzle; AtmosphericEstimated Playtime (Campaign): 4-7 hoursMultiplayer Aspect: NoneRecommended To: Established fans of the genre; Aesthetes; Game atmosphere connoisseurs; Horror buffs; & Loveable homeless people on meth.Gamebreaking/GameAnnoying GLITCH:  No sound during cut scenes.  I tried so many things and there is no real fix. Gamebreaking glitch automatically gets a negative rating.Story: 3/10It is just stupid/ cliché crap. The main character looks like a homeless dude on meth which could explain his lack of logic. I mean if someone pulls me into a sewer, takes my weapons, forces me to face death traps for their amusement,  and then ask me to help him find his son.... I would be like “Good luck with that” or refuse until I got my weapons back.  There is really no logic to the story.Gameplay:  8/10   SIDE-SCROLLER THAT PLAYS AS AN ACTION-PLATFORMEREnjoyable.  It can be annoying when you do not know what platforms you can jump to, but sinces you die to many times it does not really matter anyway.-	Some have a problem with Lag.  For me it lagged rarely-	Many times you will be die because you do not understand what to do and you need to make decisions fast and try new things BUT there are so many checkpoints that it is ok to die… ONLY SOMETIMESGraphics: What you see is what you get in the pictures.  It is beautiful & amazing.Sound= N/AMy Overall Grade: DO NOT BUY   or   BUY ON SALE ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,211400,22292999,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dave,"I'm sorry to give it a no, it's not that bad, but I lost interest and left it unfinished after 2 hours.. so something is wrong I guess."
76561197975445056,Recommended,211400,685642,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Rolio,"Good game, reminds me of Flashback - hope they come out with some good DLC's"
,Recommended,211400,22146783,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
,Recommended,211400,2977031,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,LordGod,Simple ♥♥♥♥ing awesome little game !!
,Recommended,211400,309430,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,mr_daemon,"A very solid, athmospheric platformer with physics puzzles and zombies. Storyline-driven, controls well, feels smooth and satisfying, good vibe. I thouroughly enjoyed it, would recommend a controller for best experience."
,Recommended,211400,1378732,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,GeneralTaggart,"Not a zombies, not even walkers. But shadows. Its like a Limbo meets living dead."
76561198028325577,Recommended,211400,3867637,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,karamurad2009,cool indi game must play
76561197970227465,Recommended,211400,384941,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,whitenoise,"Incredibly visually and auditorily rich, moody and evocative side-scroller. Adroit mashup of multiple genres into a bleak 70's zombisploitation game that's all about what you don't see, or don't see until it's too late. Doesn't rely on overdose of gore or button-mashing, and the simplistic controls make it easy to master quickly. One finds oneself forgetting at times that it's a videogame.A must-play, highly recommended."
76561197991291492,Recommended,211400,1316757,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,Pelucifer,이만한 게임 없음
76561197971227533,Recommended,211400,503324,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Srgt_Foxhound,"Ein amüsantes 2,5D-Grafik Action-Adventure-Jump'nRun mit Zombie-Touch, für Zwischendurch.Kommt altes ""Impossible Mission-"" und ""Ape's Odysee-Feeling"" auf!Hab schon für mehr Geld, mehr Müll gekauft!Zum einmal Durchspielen, braucht man zirka 10 Stunden. Hab aber nicht alle Geheimnsisse und Goodies gefunden, darum grosser Wiederspielwert."
,Recommended,211400,1836088,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,d3athviru5,Limbo + Zombies ... a complete package ...
,Not Recommended,211400,22180796,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wasteland Soul,"I bought this game over a year ago, before I could run it and had been looking forward to it ever since. I've finally upgraded and just decided to play it. As of writing, I'm about 80% of the way though the game. I went in wanting to like it but it just made it impossible due to the following reasons:This game works on trial and error as well as punishing pixel perfect/split second commands.The art style is interesting, especially in the cutscenes (more of a slideshow but still)The voice acting is okThe characters aren't really memorable and the protaganist feels like a cross between an edgy OC and Max PayneThe fire axe is inconsitent in how it works, leading to many infuriating deathsThe guns are worthless but you will always have ammo for themThe platforming is mediocre at best and simply ridiculous at other times - running jump landings leave you slipping as if you were on iceDrawing and holstering weapons is painfully slow and will get you killed towards the end of the game.On top of that, the game is finicky about turning around or walking backwards with a gun outThe game is buggy too - of note I blasted the top off a zombie with the shotgun until it was just a pair of legs. That pair of legs then proceded to stand next to me while an invisible torso tackled me to the ground and killed me.I really wanted to like this game, but everything about it screams lazy.2/10 - not even worth it during summer sale"
,Recommended,211400,496799,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Jay,"Deadlight is an interesting indie title that's certainly worth a purchase if you like platform games. Gameplay wise it doesn't do anything really original and it's definitely recommended to play it with a 360 controller. It's also relatively short and you'll probably finish it within 3 hours or less. That said, it has a unique look, a nice storyline and some excellent voice work."
,Not Recommended,211400,22178665,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,raffle,"It's alright but it's not engaging at all.-Really short, beat it in 3 hours-Voice acting so bad that every spoken line of dialogue took me out of the game, simply impossible to get immersed-Basic generic zombie story with no real drive or emotions-Very trial and error-Kind of a bad port, audio issues and movement clunkiness-Repetitive+Gorgeous 2D platformer+Great art cinematics+Fluid animations+Fun mechanics+Amazing level designCould have been a great game if they had: better writters, better voice actors, longer campaign because the game itself is solid af."
76561198084867743,Not Recommended,211400,22383067,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Underpants_Hero,"The game runs well and looks good but other than that it's nothing special.  The controls are awful at times (especially during the timed sequences) and the acting, writing and story aren't great either.  Your money would be better spent elsewhere.  2 Stars."
76561198063034174,Recommended,211400,22434470,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mrs. Cancerpants,"Nice parkour sidescroller with some funky cutscenes and a story set in a post-apocalyptic environment. Got a decent storyline, although a bit short, still worth your time for something a little different."
,Not Recommended,211400,22104623,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,verynotgood,Controls are a mess and the story is simply not worth it. I couldn't even master to finish it.
76561198010557325,Recommended,211400,2654275,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,zedi80,Ciekawa skradanka w klimacie Walking Dead. Gorąco polecam
,Recommended,211400,27980510,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,vladmods,"I'm not a big fan of platformers, but this game worked just fine for me. Excellent graphics, interesting mechanics and quite good music. It's still a platformer though and you're bound to get frustrated from now and then. I've played this game a few years ago and I must admit that I enjoyed it quite a lot until... well, to be honest, until I got to the silly and STUPID end.Be prepared for a dissapointing ending to this interesting ride. Oh, and don't even bother with that so-called alternative ending - it's worse than the *main* ending. Suffice to say, I didn't like any of the two endings as I've found them quite ""been there, done that"". Randall (the main character) deserved a lot better, but I guess nowadays it's fashionable to pull down every hero.Bad writing on behalf of the producers.9/10 Graphics9/10 sound8/10 gameplay5/10 story-------------7.75"
76561198142307612,Recommended,211400,27747064,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Daavlot,"Incredible graphics, strong story, follows the Walking Dead legacy. I almost felt the game was too cheap for this content - however it was a little bit short, plus there were some bugs - the grame crushed several times, and the voice was off during certain cinemations. However it was still an interesting experience 8/10"
76561197980653040,Recommended,211400,27930460,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bryan/Boomer,"Great game, story you didn't really care about which would have made this game more memorable, I liked it was 2D, they did a good job on the secrets and hiding some of them or figuring out how to get them.Game way to short though, way to short.  I very much liken this to the trine series just set in modern time.It's nice to see people who still want to make 2D games, we just have to get some better stories and more game time out of them and don't tell me it can't be done, becuase you can get literally 40+hours out of zelda and metroid games if you're searching for secrets and stuff.I got 9 hours max and that was finding most of the secrets and I doubt I had a real 9 hours as I'm pretty sure I was afk for about 3 or 4 of those hours just still had the game running.Get it for cheap."
,Recommended,211400,5675827,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,K1ckButt,"Сюжет, конечно, для платформера не главное, но за оригинальность и стилистку 10 баллов. Саундтреки тоже радуют. Вообще игра хорошо бы смотрелась на планшете.P.S. Один минус, нет русской локализации, очень жаль."
76561198079904064,Recommended,211400,27928639,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DRT,Great little title - pick it up and play! (Some times a break from a big title is what one requires)
,Recommended,211400,20287052,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sunder Pord,AWESOME
,Recommended,211400,1832024,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,SquaZ,best 2D scroller ive played EVER! really gets you immersed into the whole survival zombie thing. love it!
76561197990232994,Recommended,211400,25257689,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MOVRIC,"after finnishing inside i was inspired to play some side scrolling games and this was one of them games i bought years ago and never played. i have to say its pretty good no where near as good as inside but the games not like inside so i guess that matters not. couple of hours in and its thumbs up from me , worth a purchase at the right price ."
76561198098142058,Recommended,211400,27488711,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,~ Rocío ~,Amazing
,Recommended,211400,13729978,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kamots,"A short but very rewarding, well-paced ""side scroller"" zombie game.> Graphics:Very interesting use of the Unreal Engine for a dark side scroller. Doesn't have that typicaly ""shiny"" sheen on the textures, and everything actually looks genuinely beautiful and well-crafted. Actually, almost everything except the zombies are very realistic; the backgrounds are amazing to look at. In between gameplay, there are illustrated graphic novel style cutscenes that almost look like concept art. Very well done.> Audio:There are definitely a few haunting songs (title theme in particular) throughout the game and cutscenes. Sound design overall is excellent; Randall grumps, moans, and talks in time with cues, and sound effects are varied and not as repetitive as other XBLA games.> Controls & Gameplay:My only real gripe with the game is the controls and how sluggish they feel sometimes. During chase scenes when you can't waste time jumping and waiting on animations to play it gets to you after having to redo things over and over. Some pain points: having to have some clearance to break into a sprint, climbing up/down a fence, jumping/dropping off a fence, and even jumping straight up after stopping from a run. As a gameplay hint though, it sometimes helps to wait for Randall's animation to play out and then act: if you want to jump straight up after running, you have to wait for him to stay still, if you want to jump off of a fence, you have to press the direction key away from the fence and wait for his animation to show him facing that direction before pressing jump. The controls aren't responsive otherwise.OverallWould recommend to people who like:- zombies, but not as much in-you-face action > you don't have to kill everything that moves- side scrolling platformers and those kinds of puzzles (i.e. moving blocks to climb on, hitting switches to raise platforms, etc.)- a dark, digestable story with good music for 1 or 2 days worth of play (~3-4 hours to complete) > it helps if you read his diary and try to pick up the missing pages spread about"
,Recommended,211400,27365941,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ReH,Great game!
76561198077365127,Recommended,211400,27144516,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bujiashvili2,an amazing game with amazing storytelling.
76561198042219693,Recommended,211400,27123398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,L.orD,9.5 :D :D ;) yessssssss!!!!
76561197978921095,Recommended,211400,806511,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Ol' Baphamut,Awesome side scroller. Reminds me limbo and I am alive.
76561197964858297,Recommended,211400,27213567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mrioux,This is a great platform game. Reminds me a bit like the original Prince of Persia.
,Recommended,211400,27197628,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reaper  [Twitch Reaper86TV],Really good game with beautifull background.
76561198021371632,Recommended,211400,3356659,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,IHearTILesS,"Вам нравятся зомби, атмосфера апокалипсиса и знание того, что рассчитывать можно только на свои силы – тогда эта игра для вас. Очень редкое сочетание платформера и выживастика. Густая атмосфера, пропитанная безысходностью и смертью. В купе с отличным саундтрэком, проникает в сознание и неохотно уходит из него, даже после полного прохождения. Единственный минус - это скоротечность игры."
,Recommended,211400,7626030,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Fuzz <SF>™,"Amazing game that is short and frustrating sometime but keep force you to come back and play it. You can finish it in 3-4 hours, double that if you want to play the nightmare mode. I love the artstyle, music and the dark story of this game, platforming part not so much. You will die a lot in this game, not because you are playing bad but it suprises you without giving any warning ahead of time. Overall really good buy if you can pick this one for $5 like i did on sale. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,211400,27214213,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SentinelAce206,"Read reviews and thought to myself ""non of this will happen to me. Right?"" Wrong. Started game and teh audio doesn't even work in the cutscenes. I did a little bit of reading and found out the the sound files aren't supported anymore and need converting to work with modern technology. If you're like me and don't want to have to do this to make your games work when they should anyway, do yourself a favour and leave this title alone and never, ever look at it again."
76561198062455934,Recommended,211400,14203173,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Default,good game quick thought if thay make another game like this one please make it longer still a good game though
,Not Recommended,211400,14203788,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ENFORCER,This game is not worth the $14.99 it is going for at the moment. It is very buggy and the gameplay is terrible. Falling through the level and getting shot/killed out of no where are a few examples. Spoiler: he should of jumped in the boat with the girl. The ending is terrible.
76561198161547149,Recommended,211400,14021718,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Wolfgang,"This game really gets the platformer zombie thing game right, even though it is 2D that takes nothing away from the gameplay. The story is what I liked the most, its a story about a man, a survivor, you can even read his 60 page journal to hear his complete story, and thats what makes the story great. To put it bluntly - Good gameplay, while a bit chunky at times. And awsome story. All that a game really needs on my part."
,Not Recommended,211400,13966912,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,horse,"Picked it up super cheap, hoping it would be an enjoyable little while to spend on a game. And it is just a little while: even beating my head against the wall on a few parts I didn't even hit 4 hours.I liked the art and music. The story was enjoyable enough, except for the middle portion: The designers apparently wanted to take you out of the atmosphere they had been creating and throw you into a pointless series of platforming death traps. Even the character wonders why he's doing it; a question that never gets a good answer.The platforming gets old after a while; not many mechanics, and the layouts of the levels are pretty simple. No kind of puzzles or anything to keep it interesting, just filler between story. It's also unfortunate most of the game is platforming, because the controls are terrible. I hear they might be a little better with an xbox controller, but the keyboard and mouse was rough. I died so many times without knowing what went wrong; the guy just didn't seem to behave consistently throughout the game. As others mentioned, sometimes the span between checkpoints can be a bit too long, encompassing cutscenes or speeches that you have to go through again and again.I now know that before this game I've never truly wanted to punch my screen. Thank you Deadlight, for letting me know exactly how that feels.If the controls weren't fighting me the whole time I might recommend Deadlight, but I can't say it was worth playing. I'd have much preferred just watching a let's play of the game and saving myself the frustration of actually trying to interact with it."
76561198052185866,Not Recommended,211400,13956467,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Donmegawatt,"Man. I was really enjoying this game. I haven't seen such labor-of-love-like art design since Max Payne 3. Beautifully rendered atmospheric scenes that are only meant to be enjoyed for a few seconds, good voice-acting, the beginnings of a interesting story ... It felt mature, believable, and enjoyable. Really ... a work of art. For that ... I recommend a look on a deep discount.But then ... about an hour in ...  the game transforms into a ridiculous death trap obstacle course that I have to jump and dodge through like an idiot with falling traps and spikes. Dying over and over ... looking up faqs to figure out what to do ...Not fun. Even getting through parts without dying is not fun. Now the game is less of a serene adventure and more of a frustrating chore. Killed the vibe of the game ... I'm not enjoying myself ... and wondering whether it's worth it to forge onward ... I read that it doesn't get better ... so ... uninstall."
,Recommended,211400,13968225,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zandman75,"I thought I was sick and tired of the whole zombie thing by now.Guess I was wrong, thanks toDeadlight.Deadlightis gorgeous to look at, and the eerie, haunting atmosphere is 95% of what makes this game what it is.It's also supported by a very good soundtrack, but I'm not completely sold on the voice acting and the quality of the audio in that department. The audio levels seem to be all over the place, and the sound is a bit tinny at times. Could use more work.The storyline is compelling enough, and it doesn't really matter if the characters sometimes seem a bit cliched or two-dimensional. It's efficient storytelling, and it paves the way for smooth progression throughout the game.My main concern with the narrative, is that I don't always believe that the storyline justifies why the protagonist is unarmed, all of a sudden; or why he has to make certain choices. It doesn't always flow naturally from the unfolding events, and that brings me out of the game at times. Not a main concern, though.The gameplay itself, the mechanics ofDeadlight, is very good. It's not always clear what the character can and can't do, or which elements in the game's environment can be interacted with - but what game can claim to master that feat? In most cases, you'll fail because your timing is bad, or that you took a stupid chance, not because the character didn't respond to your command.Excellent, little game! There's no reason on Earth not to getDeadlight.8/10[4.6 hrs. total game time]"
,Not Recommended,211400,28073414,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Requiem,The story is not that great and gameplay can be frustrating. I would spend my time in other games.
76561198083471741,Recommended,211400,28006922,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tota,Gostei do jogo mesmo jogando apenas uma vez.
76561198015537900,Recommended,211400,28021983,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Krei,"Nice graphics, a very good, deep and interesting story, it was a real pleasure to play it. And, most importantly, it's about zombies... Arh!"
,Recommended,211400,28458788,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,xFlawz,"Pretty sick game. It has a eerie vibe to it whilst being a fun and energy-packed adventure. The story is endulgingly fascinating and the character you play as is a ""relatable"" guy. Oh wait.... THE TENSION!! The zombies maybe in 2D but the jumpscares and shivers this game brings is unbelievable so if your ready to play a story-based game all night on your own in the dark, looking around paranoid; play this game."
,Recommended,211400,28442041,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Undead Zombie,I love this game but playing it on a keyboard is fu cking impossible for me.Its meant to be a console game played with a console controller.
,Not Recommended,211400,28485913,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,juan.es,"I bought it very cheap but with no discount I dont recommend it:Cons:- It is short- Just repeat scene until your skill do the keystrokes correctly, not speceally fun- It is a bit buggy- I really recommend a controller to play the game.Pros:- Beautifull.- I like the story."
76561197980328361,Not Recommended,211400,28337279,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,bricmpt,"Graphics are very nice.  But, I'm not getting all these overwhelming positive reviews.  Prompts on-screen during tutorial for controller button combinations are incomplete.  For example, press ""right+X"" is labelled ""press X"".  Playtesting should catch this.  Lead to frustration from the start.  Then, two lock-ups in ten minutes of play.  Might be a better experience with keyboard and maybe I have a rare hardware compatibility issue.  In any case, as they say, mileage may vary.  It is still worth a few bucks.  GIVE US A NEUTRAL OPTION!"
,Not Recommended,211400,28354978,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TriggerHappy842,"I honestly can't really recomment this game, especially if it is not on sale. In total, it has about 3 hours of gameplay and I don't think it has very much replay value either. The controls were not very reponsive and often times I would find myself falling down a hole when I was trying to jump over it. Other times, I would just glitch out to the point were I was locked out of where I needed to go. The story was very meh and the lines for the characters were on the level of a children's play. It had potential, but they went with a ""tell me what's happening"" approach rather than a ""show me what's happening"" which always kinda bugs me. What the game did get right was the asthetics of a post-apocalyptic city. The designs for the backgrounds were fantastic. Overall, I'd say if the game is on sale for about $2.50, its worth a shot if you have nothing else to do, but do not expect perfect game."
76561198135538727,Recommended,211400,28356266,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DeadlyDan,"'2.5D Action/Shooting/Puzzle Platformer' built on the Unreal game engine.It's a good game but the story is grim and it does not have a 'hollywood' happy ending. (although I have not seen the alternative ending, yet)The game is seperated into three 'acts' with act one starting off relatively easy and then act two and three becoming increasingly more difficult. You get to use a slingshot, revolver, shotgun, and a fire axe at different stages of the game. You have limited ammo and need to manually reload your guns. You have a stamina bar that depletes while swinging your fire axe, sprinting, or hanging from things by your arms. So you are not really able to take on large swarms of zombies, you have to out manoeuvre them. You find supplies but they too are limited in quantity and in rarity. The game uses a checkpoint system that is very good although in the later stages there were a couple of longer gaps between checkpoints that will cause frustration.Having previously completed games like 'Braid', 'Limbo', and 'Planet of the Eyes' I am experienced enough for the 'puzzle' aspects of this game. I didn't have any trouble finding all the secrets or knowing what I had to do to progress to the next area.The game has an online leaderboard with score and progression tracking, both globally and with your Steam friends which is quite cool.Overall I enjoyed my time with this game. I have unlocked all achievements except one. Do I think I will get the final 'nightmare mode' achievement? Probably not. It takes about 4 hours to complete a run through give or take an hour. I played the game with an XBox 360 controller.If this sounds interesting to you then I recommend to give it a go."
,Recommended,211400,28352362,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,zenjoi,"I really liked the gameplay, the design, the music, the 80s song references in the achievements, but the writing and the voice acting was some of the worst I've encountered. The writing used all manner of cliche phrases, the plot used a lot of cliche tropes, and the voice acting was practically a parody of itself. Maybe this is all satire of cheezy 80s movies, but if that was their angle they needed to make it more obvious.All in all, though, a very enjoyable game when no one was talking. I'm not sure I'd recommend it at its full price (about 5 bucks per hour of gameplay), but I picked it up on sale for four bucks, and it was worth every penny for me."
76561198008647086,Not Recommended,211400,28357530,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[FR] H☺RR☻R,"there are good things about this game (as depicted in other evaluations), but there is one that i really dont like:it is one of those games where you need to work out the perfect sequence of moves on the next 30s to get through to the next stage; if you fail any single of them, you are back to the same point, and have to repeat and repeat untill you do it perfectly right.I dont feel like i'm playing a game, and where agility and improvisation are key, but i feel like a monkey which is being taught by a computer how to do smart things: repeat, repeat, repeat untill you pass...;may be the keyboard commands are making the game harder (slide/run/jump/hit all at the right time, you need to be like an octo♥♥♥♥♥ with 20 fngers...); after 3 h of gameplay i've already lost appetite to continue.May be small tweaks could take away that default..."
,Recommended,211400,28292079,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TheLonelyTree,"An indie side scroller within a zombie world with astonishing visuals and clever gameplay full of puzzles to keep you at your game. It is definitely worth playing, on those casual lazy afternoons."
76561198094112770,Recommended,211400,28288866,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ThaiBoyTrader,"Deadlight is a nice little side scrolling platformer. You can tell it was developed for something like Xbox Arcade. The controls are hardly perfect with a controller, but with the in-game prompts they are playable. The story is obviously linear, but my recommendation at some of the ""tougher"" parts, remember the controls. For example, a few times I was running back and forth like the l33tzor parkour daddy that I am, ducking Zombies to and fro, and couldn't find the way to the next section. Until I was like, oh yeah, ducking is a thing. Same thing with swinging quickly around gates during some of the chase scenes, instead of calming dropping from the gates and subsequently getting murderballed. The game mechanics aren't hard, but some of the puzzles do make you think for a second.But to the crux of the reason why this game is worth spending a few bucks on, the story is quite good. Not super mind blowing, but clean, and it draws you in with the comic book-style cinematics that I heart. Overall, if you like platformers and cute little short stories then, yes, buy this game during the next sale."
,Not Recommended,211400,28288872,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,9S,"This game is piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ yeah they have nice graphic and stuffs but the overall gameplay is dissapointing preferable you use a controller to play this game but the game mechanic still sucks, short gameplay not even worth the full price, storyline is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, tons of bug that they dont even bother to fix, having difficulty to find platform to jump due to the suck♥♥♥♥♥♥game visual.If u really wanna try this game buy it during the discount"
,Recommended,211400,28290905,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,JägerZeus,I went into this game thinking of it as just another zombie game but i got much more. It makes you want to look at the little details which i enjoy.Good CharactersGood StoryGood Voice actingGame plays really wellGreat Graphic design with the game as well as the comic style cut scenesGreat Ending
,Recommended,211400,28291181,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Quaksnak26,One of the best games i've played.The parkour is fun the storyline is good.This game is leaving be i want more!!!!!!Also its short
76561198023681449,Recommended,211400,16425852,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,pookakat,"Amazing graphics, plot and concept! I thoroughly enjoyed all 4 hours it took me to play it :) Now, that being said, it's a little short.. I mean, I died a few times and still only took 4 hours. The other thing that made me sad about it was the clunky controls, but for a game that was developed for the XBOX, I wasn't that upset by them... except the 500th time I was killed by missing my jump ;). It's definitely worth a Steam Sale price. Actually.. I even think it's worth the full price amount at the moment. Definitely not something I would have run out to pay more than $30 for."
,Recommended,211400,16407519,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"This game is good at times and frustrating other times.It has great graphics, reminded me of Mark of the Ninja - but that is where the similarities end, very linear gameplay (thus no replay value), medicre puzzles with little strategy unlike MOTN. Decent story, decent gameplay although at times it can be a bit annoying having to repeat the same parts over and over just because the timing on a jump or something was a split second off or slow getting caught up on a fense and ran out of time. I think they make it that way since its a fairly short game thus making it a bit longer to complete but it can be annoying like the old days of doing the same thing ten times until lucky or perfected it because you know what is coming. Frequent checkpoints are nice tho. The controls are decent, had some small issues.It had potential to be great, if not such a linear one-way to do everything (unsure how to do that with this style of 2-D game, unless if more stealth or paths) and a bit more content, but it was short (5 hours) and sweet.Verdict 7/10 pick up on a sale for under $10 and its worthy."
,Not Recommended,211400,16317130,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Slothboy,"After buying deadlight on sale, I just let it sit in my library and decided to give it a try. The mechanics are EXTREMLY clunky. It is infuriating to get to the top of a tower for the 1ooth time, but not be able to make a jump because the character can not grab a ledge consistently. Another annoyance is the checkpoint system. If you do make it past a certain difficult part, it may save but that doesnt mean you reached a checkpoint. You could go on for 10 minutes of clunky, parkour in ""The Rats Labyrinth"" just to be tossed back to the beginning of the ""Maze of 1 hit kill""  traps that you will have to try dozens of times to pass.Overall, I did not like this game. The graphics were great but the clunky, unresponsive controls and the punishing ""1 hit kill"" traps make this a frustrating game to play."
76561198016945451,Recommended,211400,3070097,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,Shittles,I'm not the biggest fan for 2D games but this is a must have. Really brought something genuine to these sorts of games.
76561198004711546,Recommended,211400,16753820,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Squiggles,"A sort game wish a few buggy and frustrating elements but interesting and fun to play none the less.The game is a side scroller with a great asthetic, it's more of a puzzle platformer than anything since you're better off avoiding the shadows (Zombies) than fighting them. There are a few bits and pieces that are annoying but all in all it's pretty fun gameplay.Pros:Great asthetic (Ruined town, alot of action in the background that may or may not end up coming towards you if you make noise) Also you can play recordings and see television broadcastes from survivors, or maybe ex-survivors it's nice for those types that like to stay and listen and figure out more of the general story behind the apocolypse.Good narative a man trying to find his wife and daughter in the destroyed city, at the same time trying to regroup with the other survivors you get seperated from in the very begining. The cutscenes are more comic like with voice narative and it works really well.Solid parkour platforming, the game has you crawling up delapitated buildings that are basically crumbling under your weight as you leap from place to place. It actually makes for some good tension in some areas I thought it was well done.Somewhat generous checkpoint system, it's nice they give you a checkpoint after one or two rooms so you don't constantly have to repeat the majority of the map, but as I mention below the game is largely trial and error in some spots and whichever sadist of a dev decided to put so many dialogs right after savepoints is truely cruel, in parts you're stuck on you can hear the same piece of dialog upwards of 10 times and it makes you want to break your controller in half.Cons:Has some bugs, I swung my axe accidently while I was interacting with something and started walking into the background where you're not allowed to go. I shot a zombie with my shotgun blowing off her top half only to have her legs get up and bite me in a one hit kill.The controls have some iffy spots, when jumping on a ledge that's not against a wall it's sometimes hard to line up right, holding a direction at all will cause you to leap in that direction instead of jumping directly upwards like you'd want.Some parts seem a tad luck based, usually when they want you to run through a bunch of shadows, fighting them with the axe is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and it's hard to tell if you'll need the bullets more later (or sometimes you don't have a freaking gun) so you jump over them and hope you can clear them but usually get body blocked and fuster clucked.The instruction area seems a bit poorly placed too, the game will let you know how to get passed one of the puzzles either 2 miliseconds before you need to do it or sometimes a bit after you'd need it (like after you've already died tried once) it's almost a bit like it was contemplating being a torture platformer, alot of the areas like collapsing buildings are just trial and error till you manage to figure out what you need to do before the roof falls on your face.This isn't a con so much but it seems like there's a continutity issue when the character can parkour his way all day across all these buildings and yet gets winded with 3 overhead axe strikes. The axe is annoyingly ineffective too the best way to use it is to swing repeatedly till they fall down then hold the melee button to overhead attack and finish them off, it takes loads of stamina though so groups of more than 2 will usually screw you hard.I'm not sure if it's worth the full $15 but if you see it for a decent sale I'd say pick it up."
76561197983174165,Not Recommended,211400,16755295,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Strygwyr,"Simply awful. Poor level design, platforming controls and voice acting. Visually interesting, that's about it."
,Recommended,211400,1432625,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Tal,"Prince of Persia against Zombies. 4/5. Encountered a few minor bugs, but no showstoppers."
76561198065175434,Recommended,211400,16443249,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Picnic,Short but solid game. Nice aestetic. Has some combat but better to avoid fighting. You don't need this game in your life but I can't think of anything majorly wrong with it.
,Recommended,211400,16440848,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,XXXAnonymouS,BUGS BUGS AMD MORE BUGS! but good game
,Recommended,211400,16656018,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Etherknight,"Deadlight is a heatbreaking yet captivating tale of a father in search of his daughter and wife, whom are lost in the midst of a shadow (zombie) ridden world.A sidescrolling FPS, the tale carries you along and kills you, repeatedly, until your mind and fingers are trained to its standard. You will find, to your great relief that the game saves as you progress, allowing you, as I, to perish innumerable times from infected bites, acrobatics, and general misfortune. This may sound daunting, yet the artwork and game mechanic  truly draw you in and fill you with delight, even as your heart weeps for the father's plight."
,Recommended,211400,16711406,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,very good game and worth the money.
,Recommended,211400,17255475,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Jomil,"The story for this was amazing, had me completely engulfed, Couple bugs, sometimes irritating controls, but all in all a hell of a game, The ending however was terribad, i wish you guys could have put more effort into it"
76561197986150023,Recommended,211400,17256041,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,kevci,"Deadlight is a perfectly thrilling platformer for fans of Z-games and a catching one for the not-infected as well. Because I've already got fed up with the mindless beasts before they truly became popular in gaming culture, I cannot say that I'm flattered by their presence in the game. Yet, the athmosphere and the wonderfully crafted levels make it extremely fun - oh and by the way, not as easy as it first seems - to play.   The adventure doesn't take long really, it took me about 8 hours to finish it, passing the controller - with which the game operates smoothly! - to friends visiting at a party, fooling around to reach secrets, etc, so just taking my time.It's another example where it clearly shows how much effort the dev-team has put into crafting and adjusting the environment untill they get the impression they have just dreamed of. If you have read any of my other reviews, you know just how much I appreciate that effort. Art to be more precise. You will actually be able to have a glance at the brainstorming that took place, as the team will grant you with additional artwork from the dev-phase. The best thing for me were the cut-scenes. Splendid 2D art smartly animated. Neat.All in all you get your hands on a platformer that will stick you down to your seat, the action pushing you ever forward, while the astonishing athmosphere will surely blow your mind. If I was to mention cons I would only bring up the voice acting which didn't nearly fascinate me. I could also argue with the story at different times, but let just all of us figure that out and judge for our selves."
76561198022608728,Recommended,211400,17152732,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Capitan Wolf,+ Skvelá grafika+ Soundtrack+ hrateľnosť+ dabing+ úžasná atmosféra- sem tam bugy- náročný night mare mod
,Recommended,211400,10977713,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,KrossedGamer,"Seeing a bunch of bad reviews and I believe people are being too harsh on this game. It's important to remember that this game is not a zombie killer game, but a zombie survival game. You're not supposed to kill zombies if you can avoid it, that way you save ammo and health. The acrobatic controls can be a bit clunky. You have to jump straight up at certain points, and if you don't hit it just right you won't get anywhere. It IS a good game though. Played through it in one night and it was really a great experience. And the checkpoints are really generous in case you're having trouble proceeding."
,Recommended,211400,10978002,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bullfitta Sr,A side scrolling game with a surprisingly good graphics and gameplay that makes you think.
,Recommended,211400,1762923,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,dynamixs,"WOW! What a cool freakin game! I haven't sat down and played through an entire game in a long long time! This game is addictive. Great controls, gameplay, and a strange story make for a really good enjoyable experience. Beautiful scenery, 2D style shooter/Puzzle. Totally worth it. I beat the game in about 4 hours."
76561198008302886,Not Recommended,211400,10982184,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FableSquad,"Man, this game is bad. Not only it changes the gameplay style afthe about two hours to become Prince of Persia+zombies clone, it also gets undescribably  hard. Not because you suck at it, no, it is because you just don't bloody understand what you should bloody do!! And it's being like that all over the place. The characters gradually become flat and revoltingly unnatural. You just stay away from it."
,Not Recommended,211400,11823019,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,zeddee,"TL;DR: Great atmosphere, but terrible at everything else.Story and dialogue reads like a dated and exceptionally bad noir novel. Levels are generally designed for ploughing through, but for variety's sake they'd throw in a section once in a while where there's a pit you'd have to jump (or not jump), and the only way of finding out short of maxing out the gamma and killing the gorgeous visuals is to run straight into said pit. Was excited for a different take on the zombie genre but was disappointed."
76561197998431201,Recommended,211400,10942547,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,YummyBeer,An unfolding story that will through you for a surprise. A great game without the needs for guns or bullets. It is a steal for a couple dollars!!! BUY NOW!
76561198039818961,Recommended,211400,10943064,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rodz,"A fresh concept from the norm of FPS / RPG of zombie survival game like dayz, the walking dead, nether, to name a few. The gameplay and storyline is solid and original, good to distract me away from dayz for now.Graphic and sound is great and does not require some eye candy effect of Directx 11 nor 5.1 surround sound effect to impress you.In short, it has the potential to divert you from the normal zombie apocalypse gameplay offered by few title out there. Just sit back and let deadlight entertain you with its fresh concept of zombie survival gameplay.Recommend it!"
76561197968677920,Recommended,211400,10944219,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rob_Pulsar,Very atmospheric and just the right length (around 3 hours).
,Recommended,211400,10945049,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cortez,This is definitely one of the very best games ever made! 100% must have!
,Recommended,211400,3738820,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Chavex,Gran juego. Una gran ambientanción y un toque plataformero muy currado. La pena es la duración que se hace algo corto. 110% recomendable.
76561198057076232,Recommended,211400,7860567,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,necromaster,"this is one of the best little games i have ever played, you play as randall wayne, a range worker who has some how mannaged to become a parcour ninga over the course of the zombie apocalypse, is setting out on a mission to find his family and freinds, im not going to spoil the ending if you want to play it but the ending is kind of cliche for a zombie game, and the twist at the end is realy expected once you play the whole game.the game has multiple collectables so it has some replayability, once you try the nightmare mode (which is like minecrafts hardcore survival mode) you would get about 14 hours of gameplay, which is good for a game if it is under sale for a few quid.overall i recomend this game to you if this is your first platformer game you have ever purchased on steam.unless you consider limbo which is much cheaper and deeper now that i think about it"
,Recommended,211400,10945976,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dex.sterling,Hours of fun xD
,Not Recommended,211400,10947350,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dizzle,A boring chore with crap controls
76561198034336028,Recommended,211400,4239870,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Saiffer,"Pros:- Beautiful graphics, animations and stylization.Cons:- Game is short (i finished it in 4.7 horus).- I was really disappointed that game focuses more on epic (movie-like) scenery than on solving logic puzzles. And because of really simple story, game gradually loosing joy from the gameplay.- Also I really dislike ending of whole game story."
76561197994919736,Recommended,211400,1571818,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Edo5 | Holm,"For fans of apocalyptic scenarios.A first playthrough will take 3-4 hours max, the puzzles aren't really a challenge. The awkward storytelling and the voice actors add another minus to an overall great game.The character's movements are smoothly animated and are fun to watch, the 2D/3D-levels are a clever idea and are nicely designed.Another plus is that tricking the so called ""shadows"" (zombies) into traps or simply avoiding them is often the key to surviving.On the whole a short but entertaining game."
,Recommended,211400,7514454,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Cobalt2020,"Fantastic side scroller, very well done, atmospherics are excellent, audio/storyline/scripting are refined, and graphical detail is refreshing."
,Recommended,211400,19675842,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Uchiha,"Love zombie game , 2D no problem , I love it :D"
76561198118861767,Recommended,211400,16787508,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,basicspoons,So this game is fun  but the main story is three hours long..... alrighty then
,Recommended,211400,19325276,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,dummmyy,OH....SHIIIT
,Recommended,211400,23310582,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Goldy,Deadlight isn't a game that will blow your mind.However it Is an interesting game.The story is quite generic and cliches are thrown at you with a minigun but the gameplay of puzzlesolving with bits of action in this combination of 3D rendered 2D world definetely kept me to the end.That said the game will give you about 6 hours of gameplay(steam doesn't record the ofline hours) with no replayability.All and all it's worth a try but don't expect too much
76561197960778532,Not Recommended,211400,52783,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,mustard,"art direction is fantastic - everything else is horrible. it's fairly standard ""run around collecting items and solving easy puzzles"" sidescroller faire. controls are awkward and clunky, which is especially frustrating on a few specific levels where you're forced to run away from something trying to catch you. the voice acting is monotone and emotionless, and more or less feels like they just grabbed some dudes off the street outside their office to run through the lines. the ending is supposed to be a dramatic twist, but given that there's no character development, and really no reaon for you to care about these characters at all, the only real emotion it's going to conjure up in you is disappointment that you spent $15 on a game that caps out at 2 hours of gameplay. all in all, this was a title that had great promise, but terrible execution at nearly every stage of development, as well as a laughable two hours of gameplay, make it entirely skippable and uninteresting. 1.5/5."
,Recommended,211400,23294374,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jake,This game is one of the sickest 2D Video game I have played
76561198125458826,Recommended,211400,23326094,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Sobiul,"\'A short, grim story fleshed out through obstacles & easy puzzles.Definitely a tale that must be experienced.\'"
,Recommended,211400,6623457,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,alfaphantom,Simplemente bueno :)
,Recommended,211400,23474711,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Orion,"A cheap, efficient side-scroller packed with doomsday zombie action. Get it during a holiday sale and kill an evening with it."
76561198169356372,Recommended,211400,18164757,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Slaine,A very nice side-scrolling survival horror game with a lot of platforming.Great post-apocalyptic atmosphere and a good (although somewhat predictable) twist at the end of the story.
,Recommended,211400,11890660,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Anodyne,An artistic and moving story that is well supported by music and a bland yet balenced use of color.Some have complained that its just a zombie game with zombies called something diff but so was I Am Legand.It is a bit short though and there havent been any contect updates.also its a bit overpriced after being out for so long.9/10Note: iv seen reports of this game not working so well on pc.
76561198021951085,Recommended,211400,18655738,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lord Reptor,"I believe that this is a very entertaining game. I first bought it when it was brand new and played through the whole thing. Now a few years later I got it on Steam and installed it ones more to try and find all the collectibles and it is a bit challenging at times.The game looks fantastic, it has a great enviroment and background wich makes you see how the world we know lost against this ""plague"".How a game looks is for many people an important aspect but not the MOST important, it´s the story.The story in this game is the best thing. A great script with a great voiceacting + that the game probably has one of the best soundtracks, if we say according to the story and the environment in the game. It fits perfectly and boosts the feeling.The one thing I can say that is negative about this game is that it´s pretty short. About 3-4 hours of gameplay.It has a nightmare mode wich is a kind of hardcore mode (if you die in this mode your dead dead, no revives).Have´nt tried it myself yet, but I will the next time I feel like playing some more Deadlight. Because I know I will."
76561198129978900,Recommended,211400,23648604,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,St3fi,"This game is actually one of my favourite tho, still there are a lot of things to do to it but it's awesome!"
76561198025142322,Recommended,211400,3599978,"Posted: 8 November, 2012",all,*CrimsonY,"The concept of the game is great, overall controls are good, some trouble with interaction with objects sometimes though (beyond ""oh ♥♥♥♥ I'm in such a hurry I failed"", sometimes it's really: ""oh I WOULD have done that, pressed the right buttons at the right time and all, but the game decided it wasn't working""annyways, still good gameplay and puzzles, one thing though...WORST endings EVER, and I mean ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending as in plain stupid decitions from character(s) including the main character who's just plain stupid.AND the alternate ending is EVEN WORSE though it's up to a point it's funny for how ridiculus it is, while doing nothing to correct the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ first (normal) ending.I wish I didn't watch those videos and just think up of how it ended."
76561198114507881,Recommended,211400,23807312,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Frost,"TL, DR: Only buy it if it's on sale and if you like platformers and/or zombies and/or post-apocalypse.So, Deadlight.My experience after the playthrough was a kind of ""meh"" reaction.Putting a little more thought into it, I am inclined to raise my verdict a little, but not much.Pros:Grumpy, worn heroVisually appealing (to me)Nicely dilapidated cityscapes - half a year of apocalypse ♥♥♥♥s♥♥♥♥♥♥up satisfyinglyThe backgrounds are usually very well done, if you have time to appreciate themDecent platformingSemi-interesting story - for a whileMore avoidance than combat, can get hectic which adds a nice ""survival""-feeling to the gameCons:Short actual gametime: I finished it in 5 hrs but you can supposedly speedrun it in 2The story was okay but left me uninterested after a while - the end had an m.night shyamalama twist, and not one of his better onesThe motivation of the baddies is still a mystery to me, and not one I'm willing to invest inThe platforming can get frustrating, there are a few overly mean and lengthy sequences towards the endThe nightmare mode (which is supposed to be the pc bonus and requires a playthrough) is exactly the same game, only removing the save points within scenes (savepoints between scenes are still there). If you undertake this gruelling ordeal you get an alternative ending, which is as pointless as the original one.I bought the game on a sale, and I have a thing for post-apocalyptic games and settings. I also liked the movie Postman, which you should probably know in order to interpret my rating. So, for €2,39 I got good value out of it. Overall, I rate this a7/10and give it a recommendation.If you had to pay full price, I would rate the value lower reducing my verdict to a 5/10, only recommending this for genre fans."
76561198073367281,Not Recommended,211400,22344280,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Tosh,"One of the few games that I didn't even bother finishing, deadlight is a jumbled mess of a game that tries to focus of tone and atmosphere rather then mechanics and functionality but ends up falling short and becoming generic, stale, generally boring, and unplayable. Is it a platformer? No it isn't. What is it? Nobody knows and I haven't seen anything that would tell me otherwise. Its boring, watered down, and there is not a spec of creativity to be seen. What a waste of potentail."
,Not Recommended,211400,16527412,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RHBIV,"I would really like to give this game a good reveiw, but I can't. The graphics are unique and it has a good story, but the gameplay is the problem. After the first hour or two, it gets extremely hard to advance in the game. Its frustrating on many levels, such as controls and timing. I died 15 or 20 times in some parts and only making it usually out of pure luck.This game really let me down, because it had so much potential and I really wanted to like it. There are better zombie titles out there people, just steer clear of this one."
76561198063081334,Not Recommended,211400,22518060,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Batman,"You know a game has problems when the 1st cutscene you see has no audio and you need to look for a solution online. Solving the problem involves replacing a .dll file which really says alot about how little pride the developers put into this game.Such games requires good game control which this game doesn't have. Often resulting in frustating deaths. The control can be slaggish at times, other times it buffers key press during animation which results in unwanted movement control being executed.Audio is inconsist in volume from cutscene to cutscene which can result in being too low or too loud. Granted the difference isn't big enough to spoil the game but its definitely noticeable. If having to adjust volume up/down is your thing, please go ahead and buy this game.The game offers alittle less than 3 hours of gameplay + cutsecen. Given the price, its definitely not worth it. Even without all the flaws it have."
,Not Recommended,211400,22693064,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,mike,"A nice game ruined by frustratingly innacurate (and arbitrary) controls and badly placed checkpoints.Most of the time the performance is ok (well, should be, it's on a Core i7, 32 gigs of ram and a 970GTX), but I've never seen a game take that long to enter settings/pause mode, it's just crazy.Anyway, if you have a lot of patience, it's probably a game for you, if you hate redoing the same sequence over and over and over and over again, you should probably skip it."
76561198001565857,Not Recommended,211400,22602713,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SleepingGiant,"Zombie scenarios don’t require much depth or story to be effective. But what they have needs to work coherently as a whole. Deadlight launches into its story without giving you much time to know the characters or invest in their situation. It tells a story that seems cobbled together out of loose ends, held together by irritating dialogue. Combined with often-frustrating platforming, this results in a game that isn’t terrible, but was a struggle to want to finish.You play a character who sounds like a gritty film noir detective, constantly surprised to find himself in a zombie apocalypse. He’s prone to stating the obvious, like “The city isn’t a safe place anymore” as you run through a zombie-infested burning city, and, when zombies are clamouring outside the door, “I don’t think I’m alone.”You will try to help some of the most annoying survivors of the disaster. One runs away each time you find him. “He’ll never make it alone,” your detective insists, even though he seems to be managing fine. The detective handled so badly in this chase section it seems like he’s puffing and wheezing after too many years at a desk job.Another survivor wants to “help” you, by trapping you in his underground obstacle course of deadly traps, which he thought was a useful way to prepare for the zombie outbreak. He utters cryptic nothings like “There’s no time for questions, or answers.” But there’s time for his obstacle course? Like the detective, this section of the game doesn’t seem to know what genre it is in, and it ruins a lot of the effective atmosphere of the previous level.Humans are the biggest threat, of course, which is why the military spend ammunition and fuel pursuing you, only turning their weaponry on the zombies when they stumble between the guns and your character. Logic is one of the first casualties of a zombie apocalypse, and their motive is never made clear. Fortunately, they are the kind of bad guys who announce their plans over loudspeakers, so you can stay one step ahead.If Deadlight had followed Limbo’s lead and made the character mute and the story vague and implied, I could’ve enjoyed it more. Instead, the emotional payoff it aims for is meaningless if you don’t care about or believe in the characters. The story is too disjointed to pull you through some difficult platforming. It’s not a bad game technically, but for me the irritations outweighed the enjoyment."
76561198145121430,Not Recommended,211400,22584591,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,MariusPrime,"At first I was like ""yeah! I really like this game! =D"", some bad parts were tolerable, but the shortness and safe point part killed it and the ending is crap."
,Not Recommended,211400,22598872,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Bladey,"SO the game is absolutely gorgeous. Like freaking spectacular looking. And when you find your first gun and an axe and can shoot zombies and see a bunch of non zombie human bandit types you get a quick glimse into what could be the best damned jumpy shooty zombie game ever made. And then the first 10 minutes pass and the game takes away your guns and turns into purely a platformer. And a bad one at that by the way. The controls are TOTALLY clunky. The way you grab onto things like ledges is just buggy and badly made. The game then throws a helicopter at you which WOULD improve the whole ""only platformer thing"" by adding some pressure except the helicopter and the zombies are ALSO very buggy and slide into things and shoot you through walls and grab you from 10 feet away after you already jumped past them. It's just an all around terribly made game that teased something amazing then♥♥♥♥♥♥blocked the fun parts. And that's just sad...Think about it:Which 2d platformer have you played recently that genuinely was badly made?Sure you might have played 2d platformers that you might not have liked the look of...or the story of...or the gameplay of...or was too hard, or too easy, or WHATEVER....but REALLY think about how many platformers you've played that were genuinely badly made...like broken mechanics and clunky controls. HOW the hell do you even ♥♥♥♥ that up as a game developer? It's disgustingly inexcusably bad.And this easy to make game is inexusably badly made by NOT an indie company...but by a pretty freaking big one...It's so damned broken i honestly just expected it to be a Ubisoft game.After 2 painful hours of boring bad platforming (after the game teased the fun part) I just decided to quit. I don't even know if it ever does what you desperately want it to do EVENTUALLY...but it honestly isn't worth your time finding out."
76561197976003598,Not Recommended,211400,22526120,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BulletProof,"This game could have been fun. The game is tough and that's ok, but there's too much bug and glitch and the control are not tight enough to make it fun. Sometime you die and you don't even know why.... The story is ok at most...."
,Recommended,211400,8546270,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,iamshowbiz,"Pros:- Voice acting- Exqusite platforming, and problem solvingCons:- Nightmare Mode is fairly irrelevant within the gameDeadlight is the single most terrifying, yet equally thrilling platformer I have ever played. The developers crafted a story behind Randall Wayne that seems to illuminate him as nothing more than an ordinary man. As you play through the game, the player must find ever inventive ways of survivng and problem solving. The game also provides several collectibles, achievements, and unlockables. The difficulty of the game resides in the fact that it is not a normal dukes of hazard, guns-blazing, huge-explosions type of game. One must understand the importance of cleverity, stealth and invention. The artwork of the game is absolutely phenomenal and I am intriged by the art director. The voice acting is brilliant and shows the personality of the characters in a way that is both dark and realistic. The game functions as though it's a play waiting to unfold. The only part of the game that I am rather upset over is the implementation of a ""Nightmare Mode"" as they called it. This mode gives no reason to complete it other then the alternate ending which one can easily view via youtube, and the achievement through steam.Bottom Line: I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys well built puzzle solvers and platformers. Although the Nightmare Mode is fairly useless, most people decide to leave it by the wayside. 85/100"
76561197992246194,Not Recommended,211400,22496345,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,panther3007,"Nice graphics, good platforming but the checkpoints are punishing!You can only save at the beginning of a level, any checkpoints after that will be lost when you restart the game - it ruined the gae for me."
76561198025133152,Not Recommended,211400,22799128,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Don Kale,"This game has an interesting concept but terrible execution.Mainly because:it's full of bugs.Hang bugs, collision bugs, animation bugs, you name it. And annoyingly most of these bugs directly kill the player, or are annoying anyway (user pauses the game -> the game waits up to 20 seconds to show the menu, in a temporary hang fashion)story script is dull and nowhere original.I mean c'mon: what really happened to the main character was obvious at about halfway thru.Not going to give spoilers even if it's a 2012 game but I effectively didn't give a damn for the story development.game mechanics are undeveloped and shallow in some aspects.Using the fireaxe is just a matter of hitting the button at the right distance. Normally you have to hit two/three times a Shadow and he goes down, need to finish it with a down + hit otherwise it stands up again and assuming nobody is near you for the slooow animation of the decapitation and that the animation actually triggers. That's it for melee combat, no other options other than being tactical.I know the game is supposed to be aimed to avoid fighting if possible, but on the other hand escaping happens not as an option but because the game scripts ""suggests you to do so"" (read: infinite spawn). Generally the best option is to just kill everybody with an available gun then kill last one with the fireaxe. Never ever got out of ammo btw, by the time I get more Shadows than available bullets the game gives you spots where you can fully recharge ...Might continue but really, this game is really far from my definition of a good product.PS: By the time I'm writing I haven't tried the ""Nightmare Mode"", but by the looks of it seems actually Cheap Mode."
,Recommended,211400,22771047,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Zetsu_zG,What an experience! It is a short game but I enjoyed every bit of it.Very good atmosphere and sound-worth it
76561197997853625,Recommended,211400,24230633,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,T-tus,"Really good and entertaining game!Bad:- The swingining with an axe from tome to time missed due to the ""Shadows"" where in animation of standing up.Good:+ Graphic+ Animation of toon+ Vice acting+ Cutscenes+ Puzzle  (If one can call it puzzle, Fun to pass by hinders)+ Ambient.Tot: Recommende it! Hope to see a very large adventure like this in the future,"
,Recommended,211400,24159627,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ahh wyczul go,"very good platform game. love colors, climax and plot. also love graphic design and the whole dark world and locations. minus - game is too short and sometimes have bugs. ps. never noticed that checkpoints are bad or something like that. for me checkpoints were good. (there are less checpoints on nightmare mode but it is also fine). so in short - 8/10 for me. Cheers !"
76561198070242027,Recommended,211400,13426169,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Hostage Down,"This game could have been a lot better. Game is smooth and runs nice, but there are parts in this game and story that make it so I cannot play this game for more than 15 min at a time. Its worth 5$."
,Recommended,211400,13352686,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Survivalist07,Awesome graphics but thats all.I didnt like story at all.When i see last cinematic i said WHAT?!... it has to be really great story for that awesome graphics.All cinematics starting with sound then it makes like mute.some bugs in game also.i recomend that game just for graphics.Really detailed cool work.but like i said before.dont expect much things it gonna be dissappointment. 10/6 for this game
,Recommended,211400,15575179,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Eze,"This little platformer has it's share of pros and cons to just be good or very good depending on what you expect. Combat is very simple but suits the game very well, and platforming is better and is one of the strongest points of this game, allong if you can take a mature end dayz story. There's not more to do after completing it unless you really want to try nightmare mode, but is a game worthy of time and at least one walktrough. Is a small game but a complete one with all it's qualities, and achv and trading cards. If you're midly intrigued by it, just give it a try."
76561198044405707,Recommended,211400,5035592,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,KodiakRampage,"A very good platformer with decent puzzles, and hands down the best zombie game I've ever played"
76561197966074670,Not Recommended,211400,15494524,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,se*on,Would be pretty awesome if I could finish it but a bug prevents that. Game starts off pretty strong but the voice acting and story just leaves me not wanting to replay the game (as well as the bugs)
,Recommended,211400,13978195,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ciapciarapcia.,i like this game 8/10
76561198013721985,Recommended,211400,13982143,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,rumjit_bokum,"Like the last of us with parkour, and a good purchase if you get it cheap.Fabulous hyperrealistic graphics in the main game make the stylised slideshows of the cut scene feel incongruent and underwhelming.Decent level design and narrative let down by laggy controls and sub-par voice acting.Short.A slightly longer adventure with tighter controls, better voice acting and more appropriate art style in the cut scenes would have made this game excellent, instead of just quite good."
,Recommended,211400,14070241,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,gLoOMy,"Great games.....Nice environment,gameplay,physics,puzzles,stories,arts,soundtracks and so many more.You will enjoy the games as you follows the stories and the path that the main characters goes.A 3D graphics with 2D perspectives.....what not to likes.Buy in and enjoy playing it,have fun. :)"
,Recommended,211400,14041500,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Chums,"Really fun game. Solid graphics, fun gameplay, and great looking levels. The voice acting is a little weak, but I appreciate that it's even there. The story is pretty good, and I really enjoyed playing the game all the way through. Plays like a mix of an action survival game with a little bit of platforming and puzzles. Definitely challenging and rewarding. I recommend it."
76561197999308082,Not Recommended,211400,14043558,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Hellpriest,"Pros :- Fun side scrolling adventure- Interesting storylineCons :- Sometimes pressing A and Space will make him jump directly up, sometimes he will jump sideways ( which can kill you in certain situations )- Instructions on how to avoid your next obstacle can be displayed atop the screen forcing you to make the choice to either read the instruction, taking your eyes off the course and die, or not read it and die due to not using the correct comination. You WILL die a LOT in this game.- Frustratingly slow action sequence. When time is of he essence and your character needs to pick something up fast, he will be frustratingly slow potentially derailing your entire advantage.- The elephant in the room : WHY WONT YOU PICK UP AN ASSAULT RIFLE WHEN THEY ARE EVERYWHERE after killing soldiers ? No sir, revolver and slow shotgun all the way.I really like what they tried to do with this game but I feel it causes more frustration than fun. I made a point to completely finish the game before rating."
76561198039363696,Not Recommended,211400,14091520,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Basilard,"Deadlight is devoid of any challenge, and completely unsatisfying as a game.The visuals: its 3D models and backgrounds, and to a lesser degree the graphic-novel style of the cutscenes, are well done."
76561197997969723,Recommended,211400,13952230,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ColonelSidequest,"This is quite a nicely created game; the story is well built & integrated into the game play, the art style is great & thematically dark, the levels are quite varied both in design and atmosphere.  Two thumbs up!   One important note; it is not a long game and does not have much replay value.  So when you get this game, prepare yourself to have a very nice 6 hour experience."
76561198071933993,Recommended,211400,13991850,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Crank,Really fun game.if you not into 2D games this is worth playing.only issue was it was short story.
76561198016564201,Not Recommended,211400,13995682,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Canuck117,"This is a 2.5D (3D models on a 2D plane) zombie platformer.  If you are looking for a hardcore survival game, look elsewhere.  If you are looking for compelling and well-written characters, look elsewhere.  Both the writing and the voice acting in this game are sub-par.  Some of the platforming is frustrating due to the clunky controls, controls which might work in a survival game, but not in a platformer.  There are ""puzzle"" elements that consist mostly of 'shoot the shiny thing to activate the other thing' and 'push the box to get somewhere higher'.  So far, I'm dissapointed with this game, and would not suggest purchasing it."
76561197970282940,Recommended,211400,13997140,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RabidPanda,"I was not entirely sure what to expect with deadlight, I figured it would be another dialed in zombie game.  Instead I was very pleasently surprised to find a very solid platformer with a very creative and atmospheric art style. It is not terribly long but it didn't overstay it's welcome, it did constantly adjust the formula so it never got stale. The plot ended up surprising me by being fairly interesting at parts while others were kind of skippable.Also a huge plus, it was completely playable on the keyboard. The gamepad was a touch easier but I had no issue transisioning from my desktop with a gamepad to using my laptop keyboard to continue the game."
76561197998280544,Not Recommended,211400,13935559,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,FRESH MEAT,"♥♥♥♥ this game, What a waste of ♥♥♥♥ing time.2 hours...AT MOST IS WHAT YOU GET 2 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS FOR 1.50I HAVE PUT MORE THEN 12 HOURS INTO HOW 2 SURVIVE FOR ABOUT 1.99♥♥♥♥ THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GO GET HOW 2 SURVIVE BECAUSE IT WILL DEFINITELY ENTERTAIN YOU, IF YOUR NOT LOOKING FOR SOME PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥UNRESPONSIVE PLATFORMING♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198100428100,Recommended,211400,21627835,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,neleon,good zombie game
,Recommended,211400,21577227,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,NATESOR,"Excellent art design leads to a forebodding, tense, and grim beauty in this light puzzle platformer.Gameplay is competent and adequate to keep you going, but the vistas and general atmosphere are the real reason to play.8.5/10"
76561197972489813,Recommended,211400,21623211,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jer the Stampede,"Begrudgingly recommend this game, not through lack of style of gameplay both are great but how short it is, 3 hours start to finish collecting secrets etc is a bit short.That said the story was ok, the wriging a bit iffy at times but reasonably executed the games main strength is it's gameplay."
76561198025468915,Not Recommended,211400,21760162,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,plestran,It had some of the worst dialogue and voice acting I've ever had the displeasure of listening to. The plot also made no sense and would have received a C at best in a high school writing class. The designs of the backgrounds throughout the game were very nice though.
,Recommended,211400,4923781,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Cara Delevingne <3,Quite minimalistic but still awesome this game can really impress you. Did you think that zombie-like games can't make you amused and fascinated? Here is Deadlight for this mission! Dark and gloomy with it's philosophic questions which are hard to answer. Does the human's life cost anything in the world which is living it's last days?
,Not Recommended,211400,21528752,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,poopfart,i forgot i own this
76561198046060015,Recommended,211400,21509514,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mahametta,"What I can say is that Deadlight is a beautifully presented platformer experience that tells a good (albeit cliche) story that starts off strong and ends too abruptly.  The game moves at a very brisk pace that wraps itself up perhaps a bit too early for my taste, though with the essential questions more or less wrapped up.  The story had a very comic book way of presenting itself, often doing its exposition through hand-drawn stills and primitive motion-graphic animations.This is a quintessential ""Snow Day Game"" for me: fun gameplay, interesting characters and story, and finishes in mere hours (I went from start to finish in a single five hour play through, and the only reason it reached that long is because the controls regularly hampered me).One thing I will say is that if you play this game, for the love of God, DO NOT USE THE KEYBOARD CONTROLS! Whomever mapped them must have been able to dislocate their fingers on command for all the sense used in mapping the controls.  In my first playthrough, I got about half-way through the game until I found a section nearly impossible to complete with keyboard controls.  At the advice of my girlfriend, I switched to a controller and got through the challenging portion in a single pass."
,Not Recommended,211400,437985,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,Not as good as it may seem.
76561198019086420,Recommended,211400,7829447,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,bigblue09,Deadlight is one of the best zombie/downloadable/indie games on the market!Pro's+ Good story+ Beautiful art direction+ Zombies!!Con's- Combat is a little tough to useVerdict: 9/10
,Recommended,211400,5665929,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,[UT] Max Kulik,"First off I want to just say that I was worried that this game was not going to be all that great because it is a side-scrolling game. Well I was very, VERY wrong! The action-packed gameplay was puzzling yet extremely action-packed! Not to mention the story-line! Just that alone makes me want to keep playing to see what is going to happen to everyone in the game! This game is well worth the money!"
,Recommended,211400,4860964,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Wight,"The controls are a bit clumsy, and some of the chase scenes can get near to being tedious, but it's a very atmospheric game.    Very much survival horror than action shoot-em-up  (even when you can manage to kill a zomie, you're probably better off not doing so).  Fun for an evening's worth of play in any case :o)"
,Recommended,211400,1752714,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Square-Bryan,"One of the better Indie games I've played in 2012.It's not really worth the 12 Bucks seeing you'll easy finish this game in under 4 hours.If it's less then 5 bucks, buy it!X-box Controller recommended."
,Recommended,211400,7887204,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,eeeeeeeee,"2D game, cool urban enviroment. Kinda short but i enjoyed it!"
76561197995213961,Recommended,211400,1595774,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Dverning,"It's... an 8?  Good voice acting and some fun psychological thriller bits are weighed against rather linear storyline & gamplay.  It's probably 3-4 hours if you just play straight through the normal campaign; 8 if you look for a 100% completion to get the secret items.  The 80's retro items are amusing.  I really like that the game doesn't try to explain every little detail; it makes some dark implications.  Alternatively, some of the story bits seem a bit forced and like they didn't develop as much as was scripted.  Pros and cons...Overall, I was pleased with the game.  It's worth picking up for $5 and spending an evening on.  I'm not going to bother with Nightmare mode though."
,Not Recommended,211400,5690993,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Purest,"Hardly worth the $3 I paid for it. Had so much potential, but ended up being buggy, poorly ported, and just a routine race-to-the-finnish platformer. The level design, AI (what there is of it), hit boxes, etc. are all done poorly.Do not purchase this. Get something else like Limbo."
,Recommended,211400,810544,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,*|EFU|* 50kBTU,"Guys: Deadlight is awesome. You all know I am a chicken ♥♥♥♥ and I am scared of zombies, but this game is worth it. I bought it today and had a lot of fun! It is a 2D side scroller but it is a fine game. And for 3 dollars... very nice!I recommend it!"
76561198004962322,Recommended,211400,2273088,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,trash,A very cool and at times very frustrating side scrolling game.At $4 it was a steal and was well worth it. I've read that others have had problems with the game but for me it run sweet as. A microsoft game which does not use GFWL which is also a plus in my book.
,Recommended,211400,6005812,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Ruby,"Not your average platformer.Deadlight is a post-apocolyptic platformer, that has the best graphics of its genre that ive been witness to. You still move in 2D, as normal for platformers, but your eneies can move in all 3 Dimensions of the landscape. It incorperates freerunning, in place of your normal jump, jump, jump, land, land, land rhythm of games like Thomas Was Alone. The voice acting of Deadlight isnt exactly award-winning, but overall its still a game I reccomend."
76561198012654585,Recommended,211400,20106260,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,otters,"Short (<6 hrs), 2-D, platformer. Post-apocolyptic. Survival. Zombies. Pretty fun. Get it if it's cheap (<$5)."
76561198057544514,Recommended,211400,20162132,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Eccentric Shitbag,"Game's pretty good, ok story,♥♥♥♥♥♥combat unfortunately. The whole parkour aspect is cool though if your not careful it could get you killed. The combat is actually terrible in my opinion, but I digress and although the game has great parkour, it gets a tad buggy when jumping to grab ledges or jumping fences. Overall good game with a few issues"
76561198001259069,Not Recommended,211400,20229250,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JLM,"I'm on the fence with this one.  I enjoy the aesthetic, the backgrounds are awesome.  They have created a wonderful world with an enjoyable story, but the controls SUCK!  I can't think of anything more frustrating then dying in game because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥, non responsive controls.  I am currently stuck on a helicopter chase sequence all because instead of jumping off a fence, he climbs back over from were he came. Or tapping ""B"" he will not always let go of a fence or Instead of jumping straight up the Character will jump forward. The controls are a big game breaker for me that take away from the experience, I may not even finish it.  If you are able to put up with the controls then get it, Its a beautiful game but if poor controls are a pet peeve of yours, then stay far, far away."
76561197996933329,Recommended,211400,20304252,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dafka a.k.a. etc.,"Fun side scroller, with some interestingly unique graphics and game mechanics. Though I found the story line some what predictably stereo typical."
76561198142211920,Recommended,211400,20299616,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,scavenger,"Good game, a little bit too short, but highly enjoyable"
,Recommended,211400,20310585,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,hartertobak2,"You know. I have to work. So i do not have that much time. When i was younger, a game was like a good dinner:Bigger was better.Now i want games that shorter but not to casual.This is Deadlight: A nice, short Jump-And-Run-Zombie-like 2D-Game. Here and there are some annoying 'Trial-And-Error'-Parts. But rest of the time the game has a smooth gameplay.7/10"
76561198004097134,Recommended,211400,20316763,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Silencio,"Fun little game, well executed for the genre. I would recommend it but be sure to grab it during a sale."
,Recommended,211400,20316164,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bones,Really different take on a Zombie Apocalypses game with more of a side scrolling mission puzzle based game! Haven't beat it yet but so far its been lots of fun!!
,Recommended,211400,21935789,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SpiRo,"Good and interesting but very short game. Once you finish game all you can say is ""Is that all?"" in dissapointment.."
,Not Recommended,211400,8339964,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,the lion thing,"Great atmosphere, noir-style zombie action. Game just never really gets that challenging and is way too short unfortunately."
,Recommended,211400,5983298,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Anxious Chicken,"This is a fun mix of Prince Of Persia (the side scroller) and zombies.  It is a bit buggy but can be fixed.  (There is no sound in cutscenes due to a dll file that you have to manually replace with one posted in the forums)  It also has a decent little story, but nothing special.Edit:  Not sure whether to keep this as a positive review, but since I am since this is about the game itself.  Since my original review, they have released a directors cut.  This is disappointing in that they never fixed the issues with the original game here.  No fix for the audio issue, or the control issue that happens on some occasions.I can't say whether the directors cut is better than this as they didn't give a discount to owners of the original.  Even with the flaws, this game is a fun little playthrough.  It's just depressing that they decided to re-release the game instead of fixing the issues it had already."
,Not Recommended,211400,22360410,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,costea32,"Disappointed by the game as it says it has full controller suppor but my Logitech F710 only works in Direct input mode, and has axes inverted, buttons inverted, and can't actually get to enjoy the game because of this.Since it's marked as full controller support I would expect it to work out of the box."
76561198001215685,Not Recommended,211400,22524538,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,gilbert12113,"I bought this game a few years ago. At that time I completed it, with some difficulties, mostly due to very lousy controls. I mean that they tended to lag somehow, and you could not chain them: registration would not occur so if you wanted to chain a jump and a roll, you would have to push buttons at very precise times and with very strict directions (for example, it happened a number of time that I would jump back instead of going over a fence).I tried again today. Not only there was no change with respect to that aspect, but I found the game was running slow (slow-motion I mean, maybe a frame rate issue) while in the meantime I bought a better machine.So, as much as I like the style of the game, I would not recommend it.Gil"
76561198128991089,Recommended,211400,24253452,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ojan kons!,I Love It Because It take my adrenaline...
76561198033755406,Recommended,211400,24234120,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Szpetny,This War of Mine meets Heart of Darkness. Love it
,Recommended,211400,28632885,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,N7Fallen,Fantastic indie game with very deep story.
76561197960267615,Recommended,211400,253,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,enk,you need joypad
,Recommended,211400,28569945,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,n0rr3c,+++ atmospheric++ great visuals-- some issues with movement8/10. Was fun to play and I always recommend it as a great example of a post-apocalyptic game. =;]
76561198093706166,Not Recommended,211400,28621793,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,skittles54,Poor controls make the game impossible to enjoy.
76561197996045360,Recommended,211400,28672479,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Speedy,Quite short but definitely worth the money!
,Recommended,211400,28648992,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bourbon,"The controls and physics make me consider suicide. FIX YOUR DAMN GAME! Oxygen is supposed to keep you alive, not kill you.But all-in-all the game has a really good concept behind it, but, it could have been better."
,Not Recommended,211400,28655949,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,null,"The controls are clunky and unresponsive. Cutescenes don't have audio. The main character's voice acting is awful and cliched. It's a shame too, because the art and atmosphere at least is really well done. In the end though, the game is more frustrating than it is fun."
,Recommended,211400,28004696,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Project7,"Nice game, with a touching story about a father searching for his dotter, in a broken world, without rules.The playstyle is very simple, it's a game 2,5D with side view. Soo you can jump, run, grab and other action that are amde very smoothly. There're 3 mini-games hidden in the game, try to find them all and why not have fun with them.Unfortunally the game is short for the story, it could last longer."
76561198004106859,Recommended,211400,2212178,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Jimissnake>>,realy good game fun gameplay eavry1 must try it
76561198048979425,Not Recommended,211400,28313334,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mari,"Pro:+ graphics+ atmosphere+ soundCon:- frustrating gameplay (I had to repeat and repeat the same scene up to 30 times)- keyboard controls are not balanced (I died sometimes because of bad controls)- after game restart, the savepoint may be behind the savepoint of the last gamerun (I had to repeat a scene)- savepoints are not displayed- infrequently savepoints (again: I had to repeat a scene)- only 5 hours to playI bought this game on sale. For the general price, I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,211400,28464881,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,neromancer,Hayup na controls yan. Panuorin nyo na lang sa youtube 'to.
76561198091193234,Recommended,211400,28012163,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jesus de Aegis,"This game is awesome, really, no kidding.Just a simple 2D game with beautiful graphics and nice old mechanics which amuse so much, that you don't believe.Just a old zombie thematic with a problematic main character that envolves you with dilemmas about his past.Simple and well built history with great cinematics along the way using HQ drawings.A masterpiece."
,Recommended,211400,27602414,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pyrophilic1,"Great game! Very short, but once you go through it once it stays with you forever.  Great experience!"
76561198102931116,Recommended,211400,27660820,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,doyaevenbench's GM-CSF,"Great gamethe artwork is beautiful, voice acting is decent, however the controlls are quite slugish, I often found myself unable to get onto ledges that I was standing under which is frustrating expecially when I'm being chased by ""shadows"" and end up dying a few times in concession; however apart from the controll issues I LOVE it, and  highly recommend this game, i have yet to finish it but so far the ""sewer"" sequence is my favorite, this is mainly due to the art work, and the premise behind it, ie you having to complete this ""test"" given to you buy a crazy war vetern."
,Recommended,211400,28352328,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,bernardo.hb,"I liked it, it's short but nice to play, sometimes frustating, but very cool 2D. I would love a Second Part."
76561198149016119,Recommended,211400,28431053,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,123,"Quick, Interactive climate.. mostly very responsive controls. Combat was sometimes wonky with reloads/axe hits/grabs.. i wish there were more action to get zombies off you.. like a quick uppercut you can be rewarded for instead of a 1 press required action.  Also, getting onto overhang surfaces was tough . The story wasn't fascinating but it was unique and the use of notes/diary entries adds context to your character as you progress through the story.Overall, well worth my 3 dollars. I want to see another like it."
,Recommended,211400,28426498,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The Joker,"Really good game!!! I almost cried at the end. =,("
,Recommended,211400,8240410,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nightmare!,"(mini-review)Forget Left 4 Dead. This game is by far the most atmospheric, rich and sumptuously attractive zombie game on the market, bar none. If you want to play a zombie adventure that oozes all the tropes of zombie survival in one action-packed package, Deadlight is the title to pick up. While packed with a variety of puzzles that will test your cleverness and dedication to boot, it's the truly twisted and delicious plot twist at the end, and all the hidden unlocks that will make this title one to remember.  Recommended!8/10"
,Recommended,211400,28311719,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,concon0731,"Bought this game on 80% sale. It was worth that price. I love the artwork, and reading the diary makes me care for Wayne a lot more. Wish there was more to the game."
,Recommended,211400,28312687,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kvakk,"You've got a fine piece of game out here.Pros+ Good story+ Good characters+ Pretty good world settingCons- Kinda hard, but only because of Randall's sloppy movement, reacting in some situations with a very slow manner- Too short (like 3.5h for one normal run), but it could have good replayability (secrets-achievements-handhelds)Overall, I really recommend this game for every platformer fan.BTW, the story shocked me more than Dragon Age: Inquisition :D"
,Recommended,211400,28313501,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Arumwon,"I love this game! The graphics are amazing, you can tell they paid great attention to the details. I hope they make a part two or a game similar to it."
,Not Recommended,211400,28297899,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,yolofm™,"I got this game for 2.99$ on sale.I wouldn't have payed that much for it had I known what it was going to be like.I beat the game in just over 3 hours, which means I can't refund it. Drat.This game is intriguing at first, but after about an hour of mindless puzzles it gets boring. And then toward the end through the finish it is downright infuriating. Dying because of offscreen enemies, the game not responding to a jump, etc.The ending was as phoned in as a video game ending can be, and I saw it coming a mile off.Honestly, the game had promise. It decided to throw that promise in the toilet.Overall: 4/10"
76561198039289838,Not Recommended,211400,28298081,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Happy,"Well here are the good and bad.i ended up playing it for just about 2h and decided to ask for a refund. and thats with buying it at 80% off. so can i recommend it? nop not reallyGood1. looks good. (the backdrop are well made and looks good)2. ...uhm...Bad1. Controls for pc are horrid.2. Cant really recommend it being played without a Xbox controller3. Horrible voice acting4. there is nothing that really pulls you in from the start ( in other words nothing that really makes you wanna keep playing)5. the jumping puzzle platform thing gets boring fast due to its simple and very repetative strukture, couple that with bad controls..."
,Recommended,211400,12710438,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,boir,Awesome 2D platformer games. love the graphic! 10/10
76561198036317478,Recommended,211400,27859021,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sherman14,"Short but fun, the artistic production of the games and the story  are great. Controls could be better. I loved it."
,Recommended,211400,33024745,Posted: 29 June,all,G'J,"Ótimo jogo, mas você com certeza vai morrer algumas vezes devido ao péssimo controle que o jogo possui."
76561198118799751,Recommended,211400,33029609,Posted: 30 June,all,Mrs.Mandarinka(Trader) CS.MONEY,good game
76561197960576941,Recommended,211400,29035628,Posted: 5 January,all,Inferno,Deadlight is a very cool side-scrolling game with some great challenging levels. Definitely recommend giving this gem a go.
76561198041767120,Not Recommended,211400,28964884,Posted: 2 January,all,aarogoss,"I really wanted to like this game.  The concept is well thought-out and the story isn't bad, but execution leaves something to be desired.  The game is relatively short, so be prepared to either play through multiple times (which is not my forte) or just count on a quick turnaround.  The controls (using an XBox 360 controller) are mediocre.  There are a number of times when jumping from one platform to another (e.g. from a chainlink fence) didn't work very well.  For the most part this isn't a problem, but when there are rapid scrolling events (such as running from a gunning helicopter), this is very frustrating.  There were multiple times I had to restart a checkpoint due to bad timing on either the controls or myself.  Regardless, it was vexing.The graphics are quite nice and the atmosphere is terrific.  I really wish the story was fuller and the controls were better executed.6/10"
,Recommended,211400,29016723,Posted: 4 January,all,The Lizard,"I hate side scrollers. There aren't many games I play and fewer I finish. I finished Deadlight because I loved it. Intriguing and beautiful. Thoughtful, sad and hopeful. A work of art. I'm very appreciative of this game. It's not a long game, nor is it cutting edge or the most original, but it has a beautiful quality that makes it intriguing. The story is excellent and the execution of the game is perfection. I played this 5 years after it was released and aside from the retro quality of being a side scroller, it does not feel dated. I quite enjoyed it. Well done and thanks for selling me a game I genuinely enjoyed."
76561198121718704,Recommended,211400,29029425,Posted: 5 January,all,Jabobomb,"This game is definetly one of the best platformers out there. It brings a whole list of things that make it stand out.Pros:The story of it draws you in and you actually feel for the character despite his voice actingThe characters around you are somewhat developed enough that you enjoy their company for the sparce time you have them around (except the rat)The parkour animations are flawlessCons:Voice acting is on a mediocre level at bestThe ending just left me wanting a bit more, and for a character that can remember his decisions.On the total, a zombie game that is good and a fresh take on zombie game play."
,Not Recommended,211400,29074473,Posted: 6 January,all,subversiveVectorMachine,"Do not buy this game, not even on sale.  It is very pretty but has terrible, frustrating controls and laughable voice acting for several characters.  Generic zombie plot thus far and all accounts say that it doesn't improve by the end.  Not planning on finishing it.  I don't even mind grindy games but playing this is just work and there is very little sense of achievement."
,Not Recommended,211400,29078962,Posted: 6 January,all,Troller,Bad game mechanics
76561198054973574,Recommended,211400,29052633,Posted: 5 January,all,CazSol,"Decent platform mechanics coupled with great visuals make this game enjoyable. However, the storyline needs work. You spend a third of the game doing senseless stuff and the dialogues are clichés that you will find in bad movies. The end result is somehow disappointing, just when I thought I was going to start the real storyline it came to an end.I will recommend this game to people looking for a casual game experience in an afternoon in which there are no plans or something funnier to commit more time (You will spend around 4.5 hours in this game)."
,Recommended,211400,29014568,Posted: 4 January,all,ArNioKas xD,"Game is not bad , but i wanted to see zombie apocalypse , but i seen family/friends resque mission , game graphics are perfect."
76561198025191071,Recommended,211400,29151127,Posted: 9 January,all,Daggoth,"I loved this game, the living backgrounds that could become apart of your forground were my favorite. I played this game on a keyboard and had no movement or combat issues."
76561198000998429,Not Recommended,211400,28983785,Posted: 3 January,all,Psychoturkey,"I cannot in good faith recommend this game, even when it is on sale 80% off. The controls are annoying and unresponsive. You will want your character to jump straight up to grab a ladder and instead he will jump forward into a hord of zombies. The 2D aspect makes platforming frustrating as you try to figure out what is a platform and what is actually a trap switch that will kill you instantly. Too often you have no time to react to insta-kills and thus have to learn by trial and error. The melee combat is frustrating with poor controls again. It is best to avoid combat entirely, or just reload your save if you are in melee. The story is rather boring. The art seems cool in screenshots but in gameplay is actually rather ugly."
76561197998722205,Not Recommended,211400,28955931,Posted: 2 January,all,SlaveMaster,"If you are playing game for fun, then just skip this title. Almost smashed my gamepad againt TV during Helicopter Chase."
76561198095260472,Not Recommended,211400,28928289,Posted: 1 January,all,Znoky,"!!!!!CAUTION!!!!I have to warn you potential buyers out there.This game may have a nice post-apocalyptic and emotional story but (and this is a huge BUT) the control by keyboard is just crap and a huge pain in the butt, especially at climbing fences, which you do a lot. So after plenty deaths by the friggin controls it has the same hate-factor like the dark souls-games but you do not feel as triumphant as in the end of the souls-games.Other cons:-the story has some acceptable loop holes-the ambient is quite good in the beginning but is soon overshadowed by the anger.So I DO NOT recommend this game. Maybe for free or at a gigantic discount, if you can't find anything worth of your time and money."
,Not Recommended,211400,29123029,Posted: 8 January,all,Sumorai,"Pro:- Nice lookingCon:- Shallow story- Unresponsive controls, this was the most annoying partIE: I died too many times because it jumped left/right, when I was just trying to reach a ladder or ledge)- When you make one mistake, you'll die, not even a second to think.- If you are in a sequence of events, like dodging debris, if you manage to survive, but not following the linear path, you'll probably need to kill yourself."
,Recommended,211400,48574,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,WolfWings,"This is a game that's really lovely to play at first, but quickly exceeds NES Battletoads for difficulty due *ENTIRELY* to the controls requiring too much micro-management of your actions. The helicopter chase sequence is where I gave up playing because I didn't buy this for a spasmodic twitch-fest but for an adventure game w/ occasional moments of high tension.As an adventure game, it's excellent......until it buries you in the sequence of super artificial arbitrary ""test chambers"" that felt like an attempt at 2D medieval Portal w/o the fun gun.As a spasmodic twitch-fest, it's entirely unfun if you were looking for an adventure game, due entirely to the controls that are designed it seems for casual puzzle-platforming. They simply don't flow or blend well for a twitchfest game, especially on a laptop.TL;DR: Loved Mirrors Edge? You'll like this. Hated that? You'll DESPISE this."
76561198043997600,Not Recommended,211400,29117290,Posted: 8 January,all,zaysaki,"-Looks good-Decent VA- Played with a controller, controls couldve been a bit better.- Horribly unorignal storyIts not bad overall, but youre not missing anything."
,Recommended,211400,29103799,Posted: 7 January,all,Azona,"Game is Fun and I like the style, as mention in other reviews, finely got into the story and it ended, could been so much more.was worth money for a Sale."
76561197994106088,Not Recommended,211400,29960861,Posted: 16 February,all,hamooding,"Boring combat, annoying unresponsive platforming, meh story and voice acting."
76561198060873796,Not Recommended,211400,30071825,Posted: 20 February,all,Brocktapus,"The game started well. Good atmosphere, good visuals, and I was willing to look past the awful voice acting and give it a go.However, it soon turns into the most frustrating jumping puzzler which relies on pinpoint accuracy. Sadly the games controls/animations are very clunky and unresponsive and it becomes a tedious slog of constant reloading because the character didn't jump when you press jump, didnt roll when you press roll, or when the buttons do work the character didn't jump as far as the previous attempt, or he jumped way too far due to some wierd physics glitch.Even trying to get past the awful controls and press on through the game it has odd performance issues where the game will hitch and sometimes pause at the most inconvenient times. At first I thought it was autosaving, but the times the hitching caused death, relaoding put me further back."
76561198002640268,Recommended,211400,30075843,Posted: 21 February,all,Dantounet,"I surely bought this game during steam sales cause I honestly did not have any memory of buying it.Finished normal mode in a bit less than 4 hours. This is one of these games where the athmosphere matters most however I'd like to point 2 things that should be improved in my opinion. The first one being major, the second one minor.1) Too much bug. Sound played one sentence on 2 during cut scene, I've been teleported on wrong side of door couple of time and I also had my caracter stuck in the ground couple times after some jump. This is not ruining the experience but it is annoying.2) Controls could be smoother. Nothing really specific and it's really close of being good but, i don't know, I feel like there is an input lag or something. The caracter doe snot respond really well in some situation. It's not a deal breaker because the game is fairly easy but it does not make me want to try to game in nightmare or hardcore mode.Note: I played on keyboard/mouse, maybe this is better with a pad.Apart these 2 points the game is good. I recommend it, especially when on sales."
76561198013375367,Not Recommended,211400,30011181,Posted: 18 February,all,IpM,Really short game. Bugs are everywhere. Storyline is not good.
76561198005213323,Not Recommended,211400,29195260,Posted: 11 January,all,AlbinoJedi,This game has great visuals and fun mechanics. Pretty short so it was a good thing I got it on sale. The thing that ruined it for me was the ending. The story was going ok with pretty standard zombie apocalypse lone survivor stuff but the ending was so stupid and made no sense that it kinda ruined the whole thing for me. I was pretty dissapointed since the rest of the game was really interesting.
,Recommended,211400,5570828,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Samuel Monteiro,"Excelente game e no estilo anos 80 mesmo!!! Vale muito a pena jogar!!!E claro, a história tem o mistério instigador."
76561198084495955,Recommended,211400,28812244,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dank Vader,"Very nice game.Although it was very brief. The graphics were great , the story mediocre (it's what you would expect for a zombie game). Aside from thos spots that you just die infinately until you figure out what you had to do to proceed and feel like a complete retard after you overcome them (either if you watch a walkthrough or figure it out yourself) it's a very nice game. To me better pick it up on a sale and play it a saturday-sunday when you have 5 free hours to spend."
,Not Recommended,211400,28752036,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,8eios,"Well designed but maybe for mobiles , I finished it in PC but I am glad I only paid 1.99 for it. Would be disappointed otherwise. Atmospheric, but no interesting puzzles, I could say it's even boring."
76561198004068349,Recommended,211400,17237240,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,oak606,A unique game with a great story. Not too long which is nice too. Levels are generally well designed and fun and the story kept you wanting to play more. The combat was a minor gripe at times but overall this was definitely a positive experience.
,Recommended,211400,29234877,Posted: 13 January,all,bullpup ツ,"Really beautiful game! Quite short, but a lot of fun. Recommended!"
76561197983641263,Recommended,211400,983005,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,8 Bit Warrior,Like Pitfall but with zombies. Awesome!
76561198300774297,Recommended,211400,31026176,Posted: 8 April,all,SLIM THICK,It was a fun game.
,Not Recommended,211400,29991774,Posted: 17 February,all,Grahamoth,"I could not recommend this game to my worst enemy. The story is wondeful and the art style is great but the actual gameplay is god awful.Your character moves like he weighs 400 pounds with a big mac in his hands and any time there is a timed event that will cause death, you will die until he finishes those damn burgers and actually moves at the speed required.combat with the fireaxe is horrible beyond belief. 90% of the time Randall shoves instead of swinging and on the off chance he does, you might as well have used a pool noodle.There are random points where he won't grab onto ledges that are easily within jump distance and other times where he suddenly learns to fly to reach ledges nowhere near where you jump.There are occasions where Randall won't do the proper action and will either jump in place or leap you do your death because he read some arbitrary movement as meaning ""Kill me, please.""I am at the very end of the game and have to force myself to finish just to get it done and over with so I never have to touch it again. This game is an exercise in futility and aggravation."
76561198068683714,Recommended,211400,31514321,Posted: 2 May,all,Ousen,EAZY PUZZLE WITH THE BORING JUMPGOOD IF DISCOUNT
76561198206353319,Recommended,211400,31461475,Posted: 30 April,all,bereggeli @GamageR.com,"7/10PROS - Superb atmospheric graphics. Liked the gameplay. Randy is a great protagonist.CONS - Short duration; you can finish the game in 5-6 hours. The story starts off great, but it doesn't really develop in the middle part, and the ending is rushed. It feels as if the devs ran out of time and/or resources.MAJOR COMPLAINT: The 'Director's Cut' should be free/discounted for owners of the original game."
,Recommended,211400,31366207,Posted: 25 April,all,kaizO,I liked it ... ( :steamsalty: )
,Recommended,211400,16611594,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,De Capitan A.K.A Pope Francis,"this game is located in the post-apocalyptic world, the majority of all humans are dead or has been infected by the virus.this is the story of Randall Waynes, who is desperatly trying to find his beloved one and in the process get through many horrifying obstacles.I really like this game, short but great.i wish it would be a bit longer but in a short time very pleasing story, interesting characters and good puzzels that you have to solve to make progress in the game.i woulden´t buy it for 12 $ but for 5-6 $, so just pick it up on a sale.i give this game a rating of 8/10 for the great experience but short story"
,Not Recommended,211400,31391916,Posted: 27 April,all,f4ri007 [Fijú],The control is badly designed and it ruins most of the platforming fun. The puzzles are not that challenging and often you take long to figure them out because you cannot see where you need to jump.
76561198030646348,Recommended,211400,32326502,Posted: 10 June,all,snaplp,Great game
,Recommended,211400,2889532,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Garis,Brilliant game. I loved the graphics style (based off the unreal engine). You're bound to moving left and right like standard platformers. A lot of jumping around with fluid parkour animationst. I loved the story and characters. Very much like Limbo but with zombies. There wasn't too many puzzles to solve. It wasn't a hard game either except at a few annoying points that warranted retry. A short game at about 3-4 hours of gameplay. I would recommend it for aslong as the price is reasonable. Like Limbo it is a one off story/experience. It would be very hard to get that alternate ending sadly. I'm not sure if I am ready to pull out my hair over that.
76561198084571740,Recommended,211400,32264582,Posted: 8 June,all,LukeDrunkwalker,"Short version: If you find a good discount just buy it, even if you don't like this genre. (I'm telling this as an old school rpg, 4X and turn based strategy fan) Giving it a min.  9/10Graphics are actually better than what you see in steam storepage video and pics; animations are good as well.Usually platformers lacks on atmosphere and story. This one is trying hard for breaking that rule.It is hard, realy hard. You'll got stuck in several places, you'll die countless times, after a while you'll realize it is a part of game design. You have to die in order to progress......If you'll play with keyboard, you'll want to throw it to your screen."
,Not Recommended,211400,32267891,Posted: 8 June,all,Offline,the game isn't bad but I the controls are kinda clunky and I made the mistake to play it right after INSIDE witch is way better in every way. Only buy if platformer is your genre
76561198046752904,Not Recommended,211400,32393716,Posted: 13 June,all,Arturas,Game is short and not engaging.Dificulty is trough frustration not complexity.Often i would faile becouse i could not make out the diference bettween backround and foreground.
76561198140401612,Recommended,211400,32556756,Posted: 18 June,all,Adragos,It's got a pretty good atmosphere.2D Zombie survival game.Graphics are very good and the gameplay is simple.İf you like the zombies then don't miss it.6.2/10
76561198083035660,Recommended,211400,7023259,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Darkoasis,This game is fantastic. No matter what kind of genre you're into I guarantee you have fun playing this game. One of the best downloadable arcade/indie  titles I have ever bought.
,Not Recommended,211400,13883071,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,FALLENV3GAS,"FALLENV3GAS Reviews | """"0.0Hours to Complete►TL;DRIn depth...►[Performance]►[Graphics]►[Gameplay]►[Replayability]►[Conclusion]If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow mycuratorgrouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curationhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/211400/Deadlight/*DISCLAIMER* When the game is bad I dont put much effort or depth into the review as the game does not deserve more of my time and I want to tell people as soon as possible not to bother with the game. However this game has broke that rule. Its easily one of the worst games I have played regardless of being an xbox arcade game. Dont even bother but if you want more info on why than read below.TL;DR a game with good graphics and performace but its a shame that gameplay and story, what matters most of all, is a clunky mess. Frustration hit detection, collision and platforming made harder with bad controls. No thanks. The demo drew me in but playing this through me out. By the end of the game I wanted to finish it as quick as possible so I would not have to play it ever.In depth:Well the game has a nice art style. And thats it. Story is generic but no characters even have character at all. I dont care about any of them. The protangist is just boring. He feels vunerable and clunky which is survival games is good. He controls like your average joe but does not act like one. Combat is also clunky and not encouraged. I dont mind if its clunky but its bad. Basically zombiezs have more range even though you weild a fire axe. The 2.5D background was good at first alerting zombies in the background to you HOWEVER you can tell if they are in your way so when you swing they are a pixel out of place and they hit you.The health system is a joke. For one you cant carry health kits even though your meant to be surviving. And whats worse you may ask? Well if you get hit then it goes into a QTE which if you fail you insta killed regardless if you still have another health cube left. Whats the point of health then? Horrible hit boxes and the range is incostistent. Not to mention no way of barging a zombie out the way? The rat bit is just plain out dumb. It took me the longest time as every trap is a one hit kill regardless of health. The game is meant for a realistic survival story, as genric as that is, and their is a  hobo that has built all these traps just for you to go throw them even though he helped you? WTF? In fact it happens just as you get all your gear takes up most of the game with irratation one hit traps and then drops you back off almost near the end of the game.Ending......So bad. It was so obvious from the very start not to mention he could of easily avoided what happend...BUT...NO...for drama it happens and makes no real sense.Fair enough its not focused on combat but where is the scavenging? Crafting? Distrractions? Replaced with annoying and sometimes unfair platforming? Great trade off. Due to the 2.5D some bits dont even look like you can jump onto which of course you can. The their is areas where you may replay it 10 times jumping on a object which looks like you can and would make sense and then it suddly works after the 9 times if dident. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!This game could of been great but its a irritating due tp clunky controls poor atmosphere, no survival elements and is flat out not worth it. One of the worst games i have ever played and even for a pound i want my money back."
76561198068330085,Recommended,211400,32886271,Posted: 27 June,all,Mike,A small yet great platformer that you don't want to miss if you like zombie and apocalyptic setting attached with a neat story.
,Not Recommended,211400,29468025,Posted: 24 January,all,L00D,the unresponsive controls made me quit this game.
76561198097702252,Recommended,211400,7255632,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,RushRoc,Unique Platformer...Fun as Hell
,Recommended,211400,32791187,Posted: 25 June,all,santyclause,"Really enjoyed this, there were one or two frustrating sections and sometimes the pause menu takes a while to open for some reason but, the rest of the game is solid and enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,211400,14770693,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kyle,Control of this game is look like♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211400,33652599,Posted: 19 July,all,Joost,"The game makes a good start with pretty graphics and a strong atmosphere. However: clumsy controls, cheap deaths and difficult-to-read environments. For example, several times I got stuck for a while or died because I misjudged whether something was on the gameplay plane or not. It's okay if a game is challening but this way it isn't fun.Also, the game saves less often than at respawnpoints so I had to replay half a level because I thought the game had saved and hadn't. My guess is that it only saves after cutscenes or something?"
,Recommended,211400,28271490,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ChilledGhost,"I have played DeadLight for a little bit, and I must say that it is quite refreshing! It is a type of genre that you see everyday, but it is a little bit more creative and makes you think out of the box. Of course I wish that there was a little bit more variety put into it, because it gets a little bit boring after a while. I must say that I am quite impressed by this game. I can see that a lot of effort has went into this and I just love the concept art and the music. I would recommend this game to anyone :DHowever, it is really short. It took me only a couple of hours to finish, which is a shame. However, for the price it is more than worth it.I would give this game a 6/10"
76561197970567377,Recommended,211400,430620,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,[Ars] Teh Lurv,Prince of Persia meets the zombie apocolypse.
76561198064598120,Recommended,211400,6360386,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,CantDoThatDave,zzzzombie!!!
,Recommended,211400,34558490,Posted: 28 August,all,Coder Jet,"Fantastic short game. One of those titles I've been meaning to play, but keep putting off due to bigger titles popping up. Not too long, but enough content to keep you occupied for a while. The game features a 'hard mode' when completed once, this mode adds challenge where you can't die, else you start again. So be cautious!Pros:Chilling atmosphere,Great cutscene art,Engaging Story,Fun little puzzles.Cons:Controls feel a little clunky at times8/10, highly recommend if you  have it but not had a chance to play it yet!"
,Recommended,211400,34574358,Posted: 29 August,all,eltigreataca,5*
,Recommended,211400,34075286,Posted: 6 August,all,-DOOMER-,"This is a worthy online adaptation of classic zombi movies.  It is a good game, and feels like it should.  The atmosphire and main character are spot on.  The graphics are side scrolling but done in beautiful 3d, you will be distracted watcing it all roll by.  This is worth full price, and trippy the sale prices."
,Not Recommended,211400,34057305,Posted: 6 August,all,Oncus,"I'd have to agree with all the negative reviews so let's sum the up:Good:- Amazing graphicsBad:- Very short game- Mediocre to bad platforming- Some bugs (for example I was running from soldiers and the girl could not keep up, and he shot me. All you could is run, so it was weird. Next try girl spawned next to me, and I had more time to take out the soldier)- Voice acting, although I heard worse, seemed off.- Missed opportunity to cash in on the survival and the post apocalyptic world when men turns against other men.- Some parts are left unexplained or are nonsensical. Why did the military chase the kid? Why did the Rat try to kill you and why were you being nice to him?- Game just felt boring and maybe it being short was actually a PRO?If you were drawn by the nice graphics, I assure you that's all you will be getting out of the game. The grim, unforgiving atmosphere is not very well conveyed, despite the aesthetics indicating otherwise. Regarding a zombie, grim platforming game - we are just not there yet."
,Not Recommended,211400,34091938,Posted: 7 August,all,Holi,"I really wanted to like this since I think games like LIMBO and INSIDE are amongst the nicest gaming experiences I've had but where they are brilliant in every way I find relevant this game is plagued by horrible controls and terrible gameplay... It feels pretty much like a quick hit n' run cash in on the zombie craze game where there was little attention paid to the design or feel of anything, all in all, I never finished the game due to my immense frustration (not the good kind) and annoyances just piling up and re-inforcing eachother"
,Recommended,211400,34094628,Posted: 7 August,all,Mr. Matt,"This was an entertaining game for me, though I don't know if I'll ever play it again. It took me about 11 hours. It's a side-scroller in which you run from people and zombies trying to kill you, solving puzzles, blocking and unblocking doors, making progress while voice-acted comic stills show to move the story along in between levels. The ending wasn't my cup of tea, though there's an alternate ending if you play on the highest difficulty, and it's arguably even worse than the original ending. If not liking the ending to a game that's not super long isn't a big turn-off for you, then this could be an enjoyable experience for you."
76561198062358574,Recommended,211400,34384846,Posted: 20 August,all,Lavinathael,"ttDeadlight was a great game to play though. The atmosphere, the sound track, the story.My only complaint was that I felt it was short. I wish it was longer."
76561197991248496,Recommended,211400,1314256,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,Gudadip,"This game has a great new take on zombie survival, with an interesting story. Freakin loved the game! Get it what are you waiting for!!"
,Recommended,211400,34367458,Posted: 20 August,all,pand4mir,+Great Story+Atmosphere+Gameplay+Challenge-Too short-At the times(very rare) repetitive
,Not Recommended,211400,34431861,Posted: 23 August,all,Sub,"Game started off strong and interesting then about a level later I wanted to just stop, it got so dull. The ""ending"" if you can call it that was basically a big ""♥♥♥♥ you"" and didn't resolve any of the story. Its basically a mediocre platformer that was done horribly wrong, the concept is cool but just executed poorly. Do note this game is less than 2.5 hours long."
,Recommended,211400,33971439,Posted: 2 August,all,Lilcoat,10/10
,Not Recommended,211400,34171877,Posted: 11 August,all,bambu,"A platform game with alot of potential. There were some irritating situations such as not being able to control your character as you want to which was frustrating in places where timing had to be perfect. There were many situations where you can mess up the timing just because of not being able to control the character correctly.The load times were also slow. After failing to do the perfect timing and you die let's say few times, you really just want to start from the checkpoint as fast as possible without any extra dialogue or other unnecessary stuff.The game was also kinda short, took me 4.2 hours to complete this. I wouldn't recommend this game just because of the bad controls/controlling the character is buggy which ruins the gameplay for me. The story was nice, but could have more depth, cutscenes/art scenes was nice and they could have included few weapons more (currently there is only an axe, revolver and a shotgun)."
76561197990748489,Recommended,211400,34185028,Posted: 11 August,all,JimZombie,"Looks pretty, has some nice scripted sequences, and some of the sections are fun. This is one of those games that will be worth a play through, but there is no reason to come back.Sometimes the controls create issues, which make some of the tricky sections all the more tricky, resulting in many, many replays, which can be quite frustrating.In terms of plot; I just didn't care. The characters are boring, and the journal, which attempts to create some sort of interesting back story and give us insight into our protagonist, is just plain boring. The meat of this game is in the environments and occasionally extremely tense moments.I mildly recomend, just because it is worth the play through if you happen to be a zombie fan, and/or have an interest in game environment design."
,Recommended,211400,34234544,Posted: 14 August,all,spilat12,"A decent little, yet quite atmospheric, game. Yes, there were some poor game design decisions and the narrative/story is quite meh, but overall it's pretty well-made. Has decent voice acting, but the narrative is, again, quite pedestrian. Cringy ending and some plot twists that don't add up, so if you are after that, probably ignore. Otherwise, if you after some casual platforming experience, this is perfect for when you are bored and don't know what to play :)"
,Recommended,211400,87814,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,=High=kook,奥さんこれゾンビサバイバルだと思うでしょでもねゾンビが出てくるＬＩＭＢＯですから奥さんだまされないでね
76561198045314216,Recommended,211400,35213207,Posted: 25 September,all,-=Dungeonjay=-,If you are a fan of the genre then the title is a stand-out but both the normal and director's cut have technical issues.  From what I understand it would be best to support them on the normal version since I heard that the developers don't get any money from the director's cut and were nixed out of it.Here is my full review on the game.https://youtu.be/J3zkvI-hikg
76561197965046644,Recommended,211400,35108637,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A beautiful looking game but sadly the platforming can be a bit of a hit or miss as sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't leading to your death.  The worst is playing on the hardest difficulty as one death can have you restarting to the last story check point which is quite a ways back.The only bugs i did find was platorm related as a few times (namely in the sewers) I would glitch through platforms or when my character grabs onto a ledge he would just phase through it falling to his death while still playing the climbing animation. Overall a fun platform with a decent story with some nice scenary to look at.
76561198077865451,Recommended,211400,6868948,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,I am a vampyr,"Nice little zombie game to pass a few hours, simple but artistically done. Could be longer though :/"
,Recommended,211400,35322416,Posted: 29 September,all,A Crow,Short and sweet platformer. Gameplay mechanics are very smooth. Only buggy sometimes specifically on the usage of weapons. The storyline becomes blurrier towards the end and makes it slightly unsatisfying
,Recommended,211400,21076208,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,한지호,분위기가 날 사로잡았다
