user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,211500,15970748,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Strategikal,"RaceRoom is an excellent sim racer made by the same people behind Simbin, makers of Race 07 and other great sims. It's worthy of serious consideration by everyone who loves sim racing. Don't be fooled by the many bad reviews, there's a good reason for them, which I'll explain later. There's also more good news later.https://youtu.be/itBXrA2QEEMhttp://youtu.be/I7URfx-CpwERaceroom offers a large collection of cars (75 in total) and tracks (25 in total, many of which have several different layouts) and 3 competitions (2 DTM and ADAC) which are called ""Experiences"". These Experiences give you full seasons with teams and drivers. In short, there's a lot of variety in this game.I haven't put many hours into this game yet, but so far I've found the racing ""experience"" to be extremely good. Physics are very realistic and the AI seems pretty good too. One very nice feature is the ARI (Adapative Racing Intelligence) which adjusts the difficulty level automatically to match your skill and experience. At first I wasn't impressed with this since the AI drivers were driving too slowly, but apparently the difficulty level starts low and increases over time. After a few races the AI had adapted to my level and started to provide some decent competition without being overly difficult to beat.There are three racing modes; Novice, Amateur and Get Real. Novice is a bit of a joke since it actually brakes for you as you approach the corners. Amateur has realistic physics, but with traction control, ABS and zero damage. Get Real turns the driving aids off (but damage is still optional). It's a pity I couldn't configure all these things separately, I'd like to have driven on Amateur level but with damage turned on for example.Now the bad news...Many people have criticised this game for being free to play but with very little content. That's true, but what do you expect for free? You get 5 different cars and 3 tracks (each with several variations), more than enough to evaluate the quality of the game and give you some great racing fun for no more than the price of the download.Think of it this way, the ""free to play"" game is just a demo, the REAL game is in the addon packs. Three of the DLCs currently available on Steam are ""Experiences"" - full seasons with tracks and cars - DTM 2013 and 2014, ADAC 2014. It actually makes more sense to buy these as DLCs rather than buying a whole new game every year, as with the F1 games. The fourth DLC is just a car pack, not an ""Experience"".Here's where the problems begin...The three Experience DLCs contain a lot of duplicate content. They mostly use the same tracks and some of the same cars. For example, the two DTM packs only have 1 track and 1 car different. This makes buying all the DLCs a waste of money, because you're paying for mostly the same content that you've already bought.To confuse matters even more, there are many more packs you can buy that aren't available as Steam DLCs, as well as individual cars and tracks, some of which are not available in any packs. You can buy them in-game or from their website. These are bought using the in-game currency of vRP points, so you can't see what they cost in real money. However, if you add the items to your cart you can see the cost.I created a spreadsheet to show what's available in each pack, which you may find helpful;http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=445609150Whoever came up with this ridiculous marketing/sales model should be fired. It confuses buyers and can result in wasted money buying duplicate content. Judging by the number of negative reviews, this has backfired on them, which is a pity. I hope they don't go bankrupt again because of this!Fortunately, there is some good news...While experimenting with adding various packs to the cart on their website, I discovered that they DON'T CHARGE FOR DUPLICATE CONTENT! They know what cars and tracks you own, so you don't pay extra for what you already have. So if you already own DTM 2013, DTM 2014 will be cheaper as a result. I wanted to buy all the tracks but was loathe to buy the European Track Pack for just one extra track, but when I added it to my cart, it cost less than a pound extra, less than half the price of buying that track individually!So, it's okay to buy ONE Experience pack from Steam, but if you want any more, buy them from their site instead. Also, don't worry about duplicate content, you won't be charged for it.Even more good news, the more packs you buy at one time, the cheaper they get. There's a cumulative discount, so if you're going to buy any packs, buy as many as you can afford to save more money. I bought 7 items and got a 16% discount. If you buy all the packs I think you get a discount of around 30%To give you an idea of cost, I spent less than £30 to get all the tracks and about a third of the cars. I could have gotten all of the tracks cheaper than that, but I wanted some extra cars as well. Two tracks are not contained in any pack. Buying all the packs would cost around £70 I think, but unless you're a collector who has to have everything, it doesn't need to cost that much.CONCLUSION: I highly recommend this game to all sim racers. Those who prefer casual or arcade racing should probably avoid this game (but by all means try the ""demo"" first). The DLCs, packs and points method of selling this game is overly complex and confusing, but if you like this game, don't be put off by that, it's well worth the hassle, and it's much cheaper to buy the extras direct from the game or their website, NOT FROM STEAM!"
76561197985720095,Not Recommended,211500,8008982,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Geldo,Total rip off. Have spent a fortune on tracks and cars and still no single player or online racing.It's totally boring in hotlap mode - DO NOT waste your money until the game is finished
,Recommended,211500,13827183,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Rich32G,"Having initially dismissed Raceroom and in fact, being mostly unimpressed, I recently re-installed to give it another crack. Still being in Beta, I figured it was fair to.I am rather surprised to say that it is genuinely superb and I always come away from Raceroom satified and my racing thirst quenched.Genre-defining sounds (Really, they are the best sounds on any sim, anywhere), Genre-defining AI (again, really. Blows Assetto Corsa and rFactor 2 AI out of the water), Pleasant visuals, Intuitive handling, cracking FFB. Can't fault any of that.I see some complain about the pricing of the addons. It's pretty reasonable, especially when compared to the liked of iRacing. Yesterday evening I purchased the DTM 1992 pack of cars and the European track pack. That's 5 very high quality, different vehicles with different strengths and 14 european circuits. I paid under £15 for this (admittedly with some discounts from prior purchases). This little lot would set you back right around the £100 mark, if not more on iRacing. Just throwing that out there.Added to that you can try any car for free before you buy......Highly recommend, great game and sim!"
76561198057251481,Recommended,211500,23473846,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,smlak,"I haven't played R3E from the beginning. So I don't know what these people are saying, when they are implying that this wasn't always such a great sim.I've got 200 hours on Assetto Corsa. That was the sim that first got me hooked on the scene. Since then I've tried every sim out there. Nowadays I find myself only enjoying R3E. Why? Because of the quality of everything. I think it's probably the FFB that I'm most impressed with. It's the most predictable and sensitive I've seen yet. I instantly see and understand why I mess up my laps. I know that if I were more attentive to the wheel I could've driven better.And so, when I return to other sims after driving around R3E I feel frustrated. The FFB feels so inaccurate I almost feel like deleting every other sim but R3E from Steam. Probably the only other one that comes close is Automobilista. But it's weird that even in that game what feels like a punishment appears as a learning opportunity in R3E, as it should in real life.I think I'm beginning to sound a little crazy, but I actually feel guilty for not playing R3E more. I feel like this game deserves thousands of hours of enjoyment, which I'm unable to provide since my life situation. Other people complain about Sector3 milking cash. I, on the other hand, think that I'm not appreciating the work they have put in this game enough. I feel like the money I've given them isn't enough to show my appreciation for this game.Do I recommend RaceRoom Racing Experience? If you're into serious racing, it's the only game you'll ever need. It's everything one could hope from a sim. So yes, I do recommend it."
76561197970907426,Recommended,211500,12240475,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Skro,"DEFINITELY A NEW GAME UNDER MANY ASPECTSAfter the big patch FFB is now solid, Multiplayer Alpha is lagless with 20+ cars on track, netcode is stunning (no cars take off to the moon if they've been hit by another car), the AI is ""ok"" (but still needs improvements), tracks updated with the Road Feel are now so much better to drive onto (because of the way new FFB and updated tracks interact), and the sound... well... WHAT A SOUND!!! TOTAL IMMERSIONThere are so many good things under the hood about this game that I seriously hope it'll become more appealing and known to all the simracers out there. Despite the unclear, sometime shady and mind-boggling business model S3 has adopted, this game deserve and deserve a lot! Don't be intimidated by the cost of contents in the store. You don't have to buy EVERYTHING (even if the temptation is high!).Set for yourself a budget, buy what you're really interested into and possibly wait for big discounts... they'll surely come.Race on!"
,Recommended,211500,32358522,Posted: 11 June,all,SamSpadeAus,"I first tried R3E a while ago and I have to say that at the time I wasn't really that impressed with it. I didn't like the way the game played or the way it made you purchase cars and tracks seperately. From what I can remember I also found it very difficult to play. Now fast forward to today and I now have a completely new perspective on the game. I don't know if its just because the game has been updated and made better or wether I just got better at driving (mind you I put about 600 hours into Assetto in the mean time so its more than likely I just couldn't drive it well to begin with). Now I actually really like the idea that you are able to purchase only the cars and tracks that you want to race, which means you only pay for what you use. I still think the price is a little too steep, compared to other titles, if you want to purchase all the cars and tracks.I have only played a small amount of single player but as far as I can tell the AI behave themselves for the most part. Has all the usual singleplayer options like hotlap and being able to create a custom event.The multiplayer communty is like most others. I have come accross players that just want to cause havoc and ruin it for everyone else and also players that are there to race and be competitive and have fun. For the most part I have come accross people who are keen to race. One big downfall of the multiplayer game is there is no way to kick or vote to kick nuisance players however I think its something that is being worked on.I would say R3E is a must have for those who are serious about thier racing and also for those who are willing to put in the hours it takes to master.My 2c"
,Recommended,211500,22569164,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,M-Bimmer,"Update:This game keeps better and better. The developer is really making a great effort in making this game better with every patch released. Really cool that there are always new packs.No idea why the mixed review this game got. After the last update (march 16'), this game has to be one of the best sim racing games out there. FFB is just epic and the sound is really top notch. Have GTX 980 ti 6GB so the graphics are really good when maxed out and with fps ranging from 150-160 fps there is nothing to complain about. Also with a huge muticlass grid (99 cars i think) and bmw M6 GT3 (coming very soon), R3E is a must buy for any simracers out there. GTO and formula junior were just released and bmw m6 gt3 coming soon what else would one ask for. And yeah any car can be test driven before buying. Is there any other game that offers this?Update:Here are some videos to help you make up your mindhttps://youtu.be/WF2RAj62t5Ahttps://youtu.be/-IXaAHhIWn8https://youtu.be/56Jw636XWDkhttps://youtu.be/g_EIo-_HXLg"
76561197972893967,Recommended,211500,16304323,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GooseCreature,"Not a reviewer so bear with me.Have been driving sims for longer than I can remember and have gone from 16 pixels per car to trillions.Most so called sims are mearly (imho) just games made complicated and hard to drive.I d/loaded this sim in Jan 2013 and to be honest, although having bags of potential I felt there were just to many short comings, my f/f wheel would randomly twitch without warning, I couldn't gauge grip levels, to be honest it felt a bag of crap but here's the thing, I persevered and slowly (very slowly at my age) things came together and times dropped. Don't get me wrong there were still problems and with the lack of multiplayer my interest was waining!Multiplayer alpha arrived hoorah and along with the ongoing updates to physics etc this sim was coming together, some great tracks and cars and now bumper to bumper racing, interest rekindled!Over the last week or so Sector3 have made a huge 10Gb update to this sim and wow, WOW, this already well acomplished sim has turned into the only sim to have.Visually stunning, best car physics of any sim by far and as for sound, have out braked myself so many times as was to busy listening to the Zackspeed Capri cackling its way down the straight, pure heaven, this sim rocks!!!Sector3 have been faultless in their comitment to not only make an authentic driving experience but you get that personal touch the development team are happy to answer questions individually, help to solve problems and keeping us up to date with future content, taking on suggestions and ideas.Got to say I'm hooked to both the sim and the ever growin community on the forum!All this and you can drive for free, test any car before you buy and when you do buy that car you've always dreamt of hammering around the track, it's worth every penny!Highly recommend this sim, leagues above the rest (got 'em all) come join a revolultion in driving. You will not be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,211500,8551327,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,mr_loczek,"It SimBin game, so it's good. But problem is...Game is too expensive! Single track is about 5 euros! I would buy full game for normal price. But I won't pay single cent in microtransactions system."
76561198016899458,Recommended,211500,13789066,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,rich2086,"This really is a top racing sim and its a shame it doesnt get the publicity it deserves. I think its problem is it gets lost in a sea of racing titles but this really is up there with the best. As of January 2015 it sets a benchmark in sim racing for sounds and probably AI as well, the physics are also superb.You can download the base content for free which again is fantastic and there are add-ons which are sometimes on sale. Another great feature is leaderboard challenges where they give away prizes for the fastest times. A great addition to this is a lot of the time you dont need to have purchased the content to take part so you can try these before you buy.Where this game is let down is by a few minor bugs but mainly its so unpopulated online its really a shame and can be tough to get decent races but i think that comes down to the lack of publicity it has had.I cant recommend this strongly enough and as the base content is free its well worth trying it out"
,Not Recommended,211500,28285665,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,R.C. Collins,"Bottom line?  Good racing game/sim with plenty of potential.The constant micro-transactions start to get annoying.  Even with sales on content packs and moderate discounts for purchasing vRP (virtual money) to buy content, the game ends up costing you quite a bit more than what you get at the stage of development it is in.  People can deny or challenge all they want but this thing has been in a perpetual state of Beta for 4 years.  It's actually unfortunate Steam 'GreenLights' products in this state.  They really should be 'buyer beware'.All the content including topping up everytime something new is released whether it's a car, pack or tracks can end up costing in the neighborhood of $200.00.  Many will argue that but I have the receipts to prove it and unless you figure out the system or have someone explain, many players have inevitably made errors as to how they purchased and paid more than they could have.The drivng itself feels quite good.  Since it is a closed system, there is no easy way to inspect what is being done to see how accurate the physics, vehicle dynamic modeling or tire modeling is done.  While there are moments it feels slightly weird, certain cars lifeless or canned, it certainly is not as obvious or bad as some other well known racing games.Visually, for a DX9 based engine, they have produced a great result.  It is missing any kind of rubber build up or active track at least visually.  There is some debris modeling if going off road but no visuals.There is no proper flag system.  There is no daytime, nightime transitions or full 24 hour system.  Damage modeling is non-existent which lends to very pushy, bumping and careless driving in multiplayer sessions. There is some mild engine and gearbox damage with specific vehicles.Pits and setups are limited.  No tire pressure adjustment at the moment and limited chassis setup.  The ability to 'Save' a setup only recently became available and oddly was news as though this was a breakthrough of epic proportions.http://www.racedepartment.com/threads/setup-saving-coming-to-r3e.118058The game models chassis flex.The options allow for tweaking the visuals, controllers, sound and force feedback to the Nth degree.  There are some interesting concepts to the steering and force feedback settings to simulate the rack and pinion steering as well as the feel of the contact of the tire to the road.  How much of that truly can be felt in the game or whether it's placebo is difficult to tell though it does feel generally good in most cars.The sounds are really well done.  Every other game could learn from this.Multiplayer is okay when it works but often there are visual glitches with cars overlapping or stationary images (ghost images) just kind of being left behind around the track.  It needs work.It requires an internet connetion and there is no offline mode which is fine except the authentication servers or whatever they are frequently blow up and and one cannot play.The dedicated forums away from the Steam discussions have unfortunately become progressively toxic only rivaled by iracing.  I find it to be a deterrent since it is somewhat the 'go to' for info but weeding through the frequent snarky responses to everything and the jerks gets old really quick.Compared to turn key options such as AMS though dated in some ways, at least can be dropped into a league and work and rF2 which is also league capable, this still has a long way to go.  If one tries it solely on the free content, I suppose it's okay but it will get repetitive very quickly.  Even with all the content, hot lapping against AI gets old and other than the built in public Multiplayer Lobby which leaves much to be desired and you won't find much that's worth the time.As much as I enjoy driving the game and I'll say it again, it has potential, in the current state along with past issues as Simbin, restructuring and the advent of Sector3 and another restructuring along with the rebirth of Simbin, I cannot recommend it.  They have missed the mark, there seems to be no direction to what should be the logical and that is a massive multiplayer environment and the reality of it being at 'Beta' levels after 4 years with no end in sight is enough to at least be cautious with this before diving in head first and spending a lot of money."
76561197976030327,Recommended,211500,22724064,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Flag1944,"This title was off to a rocky start but with consistant updates and ehancements has gone from mediocre to most probably the best Sim out there.Though this sim is listed as a Free 2 Play title and comes with several cars and a few track for nothing - you will need to spend a little cash in order to get the cars and tracks you want. The pricing on these addons is quite minimal and you only need to buy what you actually want and when you want it. Oh and you can test drive every car as many times as you like before deciding if you want to buy it.Here's the rundown:Graphics 8/10 - they are by no means bad - in fact the sim looks very natural and life likeSound 10/10 - You can't get any more real than this without getting in the actual cars. Every detail from transmission whine and chassis squeaks to wind, transmission flex, gravel and reverb etc.. have been taken into account. The sound alone give this sim more immersion than the competition.Physics 9/10 This score was a few points lower a couple months back, but with recent and ongoing enhancements to several group cars and more being fixed currently, R3e is more than deserving of this rating. If they get all the cars to the level they are achieving with the ones they already edited - I see a glorious 10 out of 10 coming in the near future.FFB 10/10 - for me it was GSCE that held the title for FFB with AC and RF2 following slighly behind, but R3e has taken that title by leaps and bounds. I know this sounds exagerated, but you have to feel it to believe it - and I've never felt this good behind the wheel in my 15+ years of racecraft.Car Content Variety 8/10 There are tons of cars available - though the list is still a bit on the short side. This is not to say that I don't have enough cars. The fact is I own more than I've had time to drive, but still wish there were a few Group C cars in the mix as those are my absolute favorites. Did I mention that you can test drive every car without buying.Car Quality 10/10 - This title is on par with AC when it comes to detail. The exterior/interior along with suspension and tires are all done with upmost attention to even the small details.Track Content Variety 8/10 Again the amount of tracks are quite limited compared to other titles, but not lacking. Several of my favorite tracks are included (Bathurst, Spa, Nurburgring, RedBull Ring, Suzuka, Nords, etc..) They have also included a lazer scanned Nordschleife into the mix with more lazer scanned tracks to come.Track Quality 10/10 Right up there with AC and iRacing when it comes to track surface and detail. The sky boxes are absolutely believable and the environmental details are more than real enough to enjoy.Multiplayer 8/10 Much better racing experience than most sims I've played, but it still has it's issues. The netcode has been updated recently and seems to be working great, but I have not had enough time with it to give it a better score.Singleplayer 10/10 The AI have been improved greatly and  their difficulty can be set to adaptive which takes some patience for them to settle in, but when they do they are a joy to race with. Also the ""Experiences"" make this title a dream when it comes to playing championships.Community 10/10 This is probably the least toxic sim community out there. Most everyone is friendly and helpful. The devs are also very active within the forums and listen to the players.I'm not sure what all I left out, but I'll be sure to update this in the future.Also: I know this review appears to be written by a fanboy due to the high scores given. I assure you this is not the case. I play many Sims more than I have this. Infact there was a long time which I felt this title was a waste of drive space, but as stated above - it has come a long way.Whether you're a veteran to racecraft or are a complete newbie, give RaceRoom a try. You have nothing to lose since it can be played for free."
,Recommended,211500,19116103,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,novo,"I wanted to try it because it's free to play and I use a wheel (T300RS).It was a huge surprise. Even if the menu are ♥♥♥♥♥♥, the physics, the graphics and especially the sound are absolutely amazing!The development is active and this is amazing!I have a lot more good time with RRRE than I expected!The big con however is the content princing ... but the content quality is really the highest I found as game DLC.As comparison I play Assetto Corsa, Dirt Rally (and sometimes Project Cars...)."
,Recommended,211500,29498306,Posted: 26 January,all,Tebb,"2017 updated review!Positives+Free to Play!+Good balance of physics implementation. Above all, REALLY FUN to drive.+Great graphics: very well optimized, easy to get a nice smooth 60 FPS+.+Sound quality and accuracy is arguably the best of any current sim title out there.+Great leaderboard system, accessible in-game as well as through a well polished online web portal.+Still continuously being updated by the dev team. (e.g. tweaked physics models, new content - view the latest changelogs)+Whilst the mini-DLC store purchases may SEEM expensive, you can be selective in what you purchase in order to compete online. E.g. if you're cash strapped, a single car/livery is very cheap, and 'packs' are often discounted substantially. This allows you to purchase only content that you're interested in racing, ultimately lowering the cost of racing when compared to other racing titles.+""Try-before-you-buy"" feature available any car/track - to avoid disappointment.+Most rotational leaderboard competitions are free to enter (even if you don't own the car/track).Negatives-No 3rd party mod/downloads (e.g. compared to Assetto Corsa). However it DOES support memory sharing, which enables you to run 3rd party applications such as CrewChief (must-have), telemetry dashboards etc.-[Reviewer note for 2017] There used to be more negatives listed here, however over time these have been addressed! I honestly can't think of more significant negative factors to mention at this time.Verdict>Vastly improved over the years. When this game was first launched in 2013 (with very little content, and physics models in it's infancy) it wasn't great. After a couple year's growth, I then considered it a worthy complementary in one's collection to Assetto Corsa, Project CARS etc. Now, in 2017, it has become my favourite sim-title, and the first one I would recommend to friends above all others :)TOP TIP: Purchase all DLC through the store - as it subtracts what you already own from the cost (i.e. do NOT purchase content through Steam) for compounded discounts."
,Recommended,211500,29304287,Posted: 16 January,all,TheArcaneMirror | Winter,"A few years ago, when the game was released, it could not compete with other simulations. Yet, the developers have put in a lot of work to fix bugs and improve so many critical aspects. Today, I can say I am impressed with the result. The laserscanned Nordschleife is in my opinion the best version available, the force feedback has undergone massive improvements and beats every sim I have tried so far, including rFactor 2 and Assetto Corsa. While other racing games like Project Cars have prettier graphics, I personally really like the look and feel of Raceroom and it is absolutely sufficient for a simulation. Where it shines, is the sound. It is immersive and powerful. After years of updates, the physics are great as well. I can honestly say, the game has reached a point where the available content has the high quality, SimBin (now Sector 3 Studios) is known for.Of course, as always there are a few negative things as well. At the time of this review, there is no implementation of weather conditions. If you get off the track, the effects of losing grip due to dirt on the tires aren't really perceivable, compared to Assetto Corsa for example. While there already is a lot you can change in the car setup, a few things other sims do offer aren't available yet. For example, different types of tires or tire pressure. You can select the time of day for the race, but as far as I know, it will be static. Would be cool to have a real daytime simulation and dynamic weather.One big contra is the pricing and payment model. I perceive it as intransparent and unconfortable, as they use a virtual currency and the payment system has multiple steps, as it includes their webshop, Steam and its payment methods like PayPal. Not all the bundles they offer on their website are available directly through Steam. Prices are somewhat hefty, but still well below iRacing.All in all, it is a racing sim with great quality tracks, cars, physics and force feedback. The multiplayer features are solid as well. It deserves more attention, and I recommend trying it, even if you've invested into other sims. The Nordschleife DLC alone is well worth the price and the best starting point. Happy racing!"
76561198024091472,Recommended,211500,12941596,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Wairaka,"Purchased the game after just a few laps into the Free-to-play as I was hooked.  The SOUND in this game is inspiring and almost as destructuve as being near a true performance vehicle.  I play on an SLI EVGA 780 system and get wonderful SLI performance of 95% per GPU usage and the FPS never dips below an enjoyable level on surround (3 monitors).The tracks are layed out similar to other racing games but in comparason to GT5 or GT6, Grid Autosport and the like you get a feel of taking a corner and fluffing the apex, braking too late or just destroying your engine with a lap in 1st gear if you enjoy playing realistic.  Did I mention the SOUND!  Graphical quality is top notice so learn the keyboard setting to adjust your seat height, distance from the wheel etc to suit your driving style.  The AI is hard when you start and since I am still only 10 p[us hours into practicing, they just zoom passed me like I am stuck with the handbrake on.  Did I mention the SOUND!  If you can use a stereo sound system with a subwoofer you will be in Race Room heaven.Keep up the great work on devloping this game further and keep the large playing base glued to this game.BEST game I had never heard about."
,Recommended,211500,23174969,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,MechanicalMike,"Best racing game out there. Only issue is how much I've spent on cars. Sounds are the BEST of any racing game currently on the market, every car drives fantastic, physics are great, etc etc. Damage model is a bit lacking but the overall gameplay and quality over ride that. I was pretty active on iRacing before a friend recommended this game to me, and I haven't raced a race on iRacing since. VERY HARD TO BEAT"
,Recommended,211500,13694191,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ark|Hiver,"In short: RaceRoom Racing experience is a great racing simulator to those looking for cut-throat competitive AI in offline racing. The multiplayer is shaping up to be great, but in its current Alpha state it's not quite there yet. If you're on the fence, try the free content first and if you're looking to spend a few bucks, consider either DTM '92, ADAC GT Masters 2013 or 14, or the WTCC '13 pack. Money well spent.Look below the review for a comprehensive list of Pro's and Con's after the verdict.VisuallyR3E is a competitive title, on par with Assetto Corsa. Track textures and detail are what you expect them to be in a 2014 racing sim. Everything looks quite sharp and well detailed. Car interiors are nicely modelled as well, leaving only very few wishes to be desired. A few upcoming titles might look a bit better, but we'll see to those as they get released.Ligthing, color and saturation in R3E seem very life-like and real. Lighting conditions can be selected from one of 5 presets: Sunrise, Morning, Noon, Evening and Sunset, with full real-time transitions coming later down the road.In theSounddepartment, R3E really starts to shine. Or roar.Compared to other simulation titles like Assetto Corsa, Game Stock Car Extreme and rFactor2, the cars and engines in R3E sound like they have the punch they claim to have. The sound has just the right amount of reverb to immerse you and make you think you are sitting in fact inside of the car you are pretending to be driving at your PC.On thedrivingside of thins, there is a lot of good to report as well: The physics feel similiar to other hardcore racing sims like rF2 or GSCE. It becomes immediately apparent whenever you push the car too hard, resulting in oversteer and overshooting a corner or massive oversteer and spinning out - or if you are lucky - just a major slide of the ideal racing line.The game does communicate what is going on under your car really well through theForce Feedback. With a little practice you can judge pretty well just by feel if you are about to lose the rear of the car, or whether your rear tyres have just locked up. This is really important in a racing sim, and in this regard R3E is comparable to Assetto Corsa and Game StockCar Extreme, but still a little off from rFactor2. To be fair, the FFB in rF2 is unmatched by any other sim.If you're not up for racing against other people over the internet, R3E's AI will give you a good challenge. They can be either set to a fixed difficulty level (from 80 to 120%) or alternatively to Adaptive AI, which will ramp up or soften the difficulty depending on how well you do against the AI. In general, Adaptive AI is pretty good at giving you just the right challenge. You have to work really hard for a Victory, but at the same time the AI don't leave you in the dust and you always have some other cars to race against.In their general behaviour the AI race hard against you, but fair. They don't bump you out of the way, but they will use gaps to overtake. They will defend their position with defensive lines and not just stick to a single racing line. (I'm looking at you there, Gran Turismo.) In comparision to Assetto Corsa, the AI in R3E is more aggressive, but still fair.Unfortunately the game is missing an AI agression control, like rFactor2 and Game StockCar Extreme have. I'd like to tweak the AI not just in skill, but also in agression.Now, some time forMultiplayer!There are no dedicated servers available yet, so you have to hope that your favorite track/car combination is currently running on a server hosted by Sector3 studios. The servers are ""jump in and drive"", meaning that if you don't pay attention you might end on a server that has just finished Qualifying and you start a race from the back of the grid. Netcode in Multiplayer is really solid. No cars warping around, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t contacts and bumps between cars that are 2 meters apart on screen. The community is okay, you get the occasional idiot who wrecks half the field and other people rage quit whenever they lose too many positions for their tastes, but additional features like ranking systems and wrecker bans are on the horizon for the Multiplayer, as well as Dedicated Servers for everyone.Now for the most controversial part about this simulator:The Store & The Pricing: Out of the box you have access to two circuit tracks, a hillclimb track and a bunch of cars from different classes. In my opinion that's decent content for a free portion of a game. Some people might disagree, but everyone is entitled to their opinion I guess.Tracks and Cars can be bought withVirtual Race PointsorvRP, and after the latest update with hard earned cash directly. This alleviates my previous criticism about having to essentially give Sector3 free money in exchange for virtual currency.Prices are not that cheap, but they are reasonable. A new car or track will generally set you back 2€ to 4€. You can get bigger discounts if you buy more stuff in bulk, or if you get stuff in packs: The DTM '92 pack with it's 5 cars and a ton of liveries is  ~10€ compared to ~18€ when you buy them all individually.Additional discounts are granted to everyone who owns cars and tracks of a new pack: For example, I get a huge discount on ADAC GT Masters 2014 pack, because I already own most of the tracks and cars in R3E already. I think that's a fair system.There is an option toTest Driveall the cars on the RaceRoom Raceway that is included in the game. You can also take part in the free competitions that are changing regularly. Those competitions feature a rotating set of cars and tracks. You don't have to own them to drive them, and if you're fast you might even win a prize!Recommendations for your first purchase(s):* DTM '92 pack (5 cars with a lot of liveries)* DTM Experience 2013 (3 cars, ton of liveries, 9 tracks)* WTCC 2013 pack (5 cars, ton of liveries, 3 tracks)* ADAC GT Masters 2013 (7 cars, ton of liveries, 6 tracks)Verdict: If you have tried this sim half a year ago, please do come back and try it again! The driving physics and Force Feedback have been vastly improved, along with the new and fairer store pricing & discount system. R3E drives just as well as Assetto Corsa, rFactor2 and Game StockCar Extreme. It has the best single player AI on the market, apart from GSCE and the largest selection of content (sans Modding) of the currently availlable sims.Pro's* Good Graphics* Great sounds* Very competitive AI* Good driving physics and FFBCon's* Multiplayer a bit bare-bones at the moment* Game can get expensive if you want to have everything"
76561198094303009,Recommended,211500,22923643,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tobse,"Great game.Decent graphics (getting better with every new car and track), great FFB, great tracks, great cars. Awesome to have series like WTCC, DTM or GT Masters in the game. Also some other nice car classes (GT1, GT2, GT3 (the GT3 class is just awesome!), TT Cup, GP2, F4 and so on...) and pretty cool classic content (DTM 1992, Group 5, Touring Classics, GTO...).The AI is maybe the best AI in every current racing game and gets improvements with every patch."
76561198031205606,Recommended,211500,30104963,Posted: 22 February,all,omegaorgun,"This game is very underrated and very good, Menu's are easy navigate. Sound is arguably the best in a racing sim. The dance that has to be done to get best value premium pack outside of Steam is unnecessary. I think RRRE's marketing team need to have a sit down and make more content more easily available on steam and try generate more interest as imo it is more fun that AC and PC's."
,Recommended,211500,15282564,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,BadTrip,"I really think this model works. Take me e.g., I mainly play with 80s vehicles so why would I want a bunch of modern GT3 cars? Here I can buy what I want to play, just like with the Race-series. FF is as good as any other sim-racer. You really feel the car and as it should be you can't just put your foot down in a middle of a corner.I honestly don't understand people that rates it down because you have to pay for extra content. I guess they wanted all of it for free, which of course is not possible with a AA-title.I play a lot of racing sims and this is highly recommended. If you are a serious racer, you should atleast try it."
76561198002334069,Recommended,211500,25423881,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,sdemonnz,"I simply cant get enough of Raceroom....and even after trying ""the next big racing game"" I keep coming back to raceroom time and time again....Great graphics without all the sparkly bits. Awesome in your face sound and some of the best FFB out there...Do I recommend it...yes! Should you give it a go...Hell yes!and remember - initially it's free, and all cars are able to be test-driven before purchase, so dont like it, dont buy it....although, once your hooked - I bet you will!"
76561198065419151,Recommended,211500,24641673,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,itye1970,"Dont listen to people who only play an hour or 2 then post a negative comment because they have to pay for additional cars! those reviews are based on cost, but this game like the other sims on the market has a cost, yes its free to play but to get the best out of the game you need to purchase additional cars and tracks and pay just like you do for assetto corsa, project cars etc! This review is about the game and not the price, also dont listen to those who moan cos it crashed as its probably their pc full of spyware or viruses, never had a problem with this game at all !I own automobilista, iracing, assetto corsa, project cars, rfactor 2, stock car extreme and race07. Each has their good points and bad points but fort me the best 2 are automobilista and raceroom. Why? because they have plenty of options, championship mode, multiplayer, leaderboard challenges and lots of cars and circuits. I also feel that these 2 are most realistic to driving a real car , sometimes in the other games theres always a lot of oversteer and sliding around. However for me automobilista and raceroom are the best at time of writing this review! it's realisitic, has championship modes, multiplayer modes, loads of circuits loads of cars! Its free to play,  yes, but to get the best out of it best to purchase the other cars and tracks."
76561198030089405,Recommended,211500,12163072,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,AMLemans224,"One of the most underated Sim out there. Whats hidden behind the ""free to play"" aspect is more worthy of a full price because all the content is worth it.CARS:The cars are all well done and balanced so that there isnt always a dominate car but at the same time true to the real life behaviors. A great variety of racing cars, from power heavy turbo cars of the 70's and 80's to modern GT3 cars to Leman prototypes. Official series are represented, DTM, GT Masters, WTCC and more coming... feel free to test drive them all, buy what you like.TRACKS:The tracks are well created from scratch to the point you dont care about laser scanned tracks, even though they are just beginning to utilize laser scan technology into there future tracks. The Sim doesnt allow modding, which from my opinion is a bit redundent since the other sims out there allow it but quality wise dont represent well, leaving you wanting more official quality tracks from the developer. With each track released the detail and quality is maintained, not some hack job addon.MULTIPLAYER: One the best online racing experiences and just getting warmed up. Netcode is very good, even when racing some from the US all the way in Germany, they use a p2p connection, so close racing is possible, being able to squeeze between two cars or riding the back bumper of your opponent is amazing. Currently right now its open servers with rotating tracks, hosting a practice, qualifying and then a short sprint race. In a matter of weeks they will release dedicated servers, allowing any choice of car and track along with many of the standard features.SINGLEPLAYER: Each official series supports the real life formats. If thats not your thing you can create your own championship, picking your own format and track calendar.AI: Rated among the best, making a good training tool of racing hard and bumper to bumper, but be aware, be on your A game, otherwise they will punish you. There will be times they run into the back of you but thats usually because you braked too early or took the wrong racing line, so awareness isnt always there top attribute. You can choose a set pace for the AI or choose the adaptive AI and watch there speed grow with you. It isnt perfect but as they move through development, it improves.SOUNDS: The best, you can ask anyone, even those who race in other sims, all agree RaceRoom has the most immersive detailed sounds currently. They are constantly improving them as well, adding more detail to the car and track ambient. If you dont believe me, check on Youtube and turn up the volume.GRAPHICS: A very clean and colorful look, with motion blur that actually makes it seem like your going fast. Its improved over the past year and as usual constantly being optimized. The cars definitely fit the tracks in detail, unlike some games where the car or track look better than the other. Partnered with the sounds, its quite the visual experience. Runs well on medium range PC's but does not support SLI or crossfire yet. The game supports different times of day, sunrise to sunset, which looks beatiful across the track.HARDWARE: They support just about every wheel out there or wheel pedal combinations.FORCE FEEDBACK: At a glance the ffb features are overwhelming to tune, but there are many guides and user profiles to build off of. Once you have it tuned its quite a unique feeling, driving the heavy turbo cars is a handful and the modern GT3's handle with weight but finesse. They are always working towards improving the ffb and experience. My advice is patience and try out the various tweaks out there.Final thoughts: This is a great hidden Sim that doesnt get the recognition it deserves. Most people dont believe in the free to play aspect and thats understandable, push that asside and you got something great in your hands. I advise to download and test drive the cars your interested in. Price range isnt too expensive, cheaper than iRacing but like I said its worth the price if you were to buy assetto corsa or Project cars. One thing many people miss is the fact once you buy a official series pack, you own the tracks, you no longer have to purchase them in the other packs, your only paying for the cars. My motto is build the game you want, buy the cars and tracks you like and go from there, once you try them you will want them all. Give it a fair try and enjoy the experience.With whats ahead content and feature wise, the future is bright, so dont miss out.Have a look at my Youtube channel to see what RaceRoom Racing Experience is all about.http://www.youtube.com/c/224lemans"
,Recommended,211500,12091070,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Kalanur,"Now with Multiplayer!This game has one of the best netcodes I have ever seen in a racing game. Racing online feels almost like racing offline against real people, no lag, no warping and no strange collision clipping... with 24 drivers.  Of course this is only true if everybody has a decent internet connection. Even the best netcodes can't fix slow/broken internet :pEven with only the free content it's a lot of fun but the game encourages you to buy more. The price of the content is okay, not too expensive but not cheap too. Tracks and cars are on sale from time to time and now with the addition of content packs you could get some bargains. I for one don't need any car and track because I have my facourites which I want to drive. Buying them costs less than other sims. Especially with rFactor 2 and iRacing which both need subscriptions to play them online.With the 3 physics levels (Novice, Amateuer, Get Real) there is one level for everyone from total beginner to simpro."
,Recommended,211500,24118327,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OhFace,"EDITED REVIEWI would highly recommend this if it wasn't Free to Play and the dodgy AI. Wait for the discounts as that is the only time you should invest in the packs. Otherwise it gets too pricey compared to other racing titles that're out. It can be good fun, just pricey if you want a decent amount of content.Pros: The physics are excellent, though car on car collisions can be weird at times. Loads of options for the Races, Sounds, FFB, and other things that other devs overlook. I have to mention the sound design, it's one of the best out there right vnow!Cons: Besides the F2P aspect, my only other gripe is the AI. They can be fast yes, but they're needlessly aggressive on most tracks, especially during the first few laps. I was hoping it would be look into by now, but alas, after all this time it hasn't been fixed. :/"
,Recommended,211500,21327425,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,EmreTheNavigator,"Pros:+Perfect sounds ( I mean really once you get in the cockpit, it's a whole new experience)+Well made AI (better than Assetto Corsa & PCars)+Realistic Physics+Good Graphics+Official DTM game+Perfect force feedback+Well made tracks and cars+Online eventsCons:-It's not actually ""free"" to play, you have to buy DLCs to enjoy the game-Developers should change their business strategy and make this game priced or every single person who downloads this will dislike the game-No rain-No night race"
76561198083730130,Recommended,211500,22924809,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jimortality,"Since the last 2 updates, RRRE has transformed into an amazing sim. I absolutely love it and for me it is the best out there. Now I've got everything dialed in, I'm having so much fun with this. Thank you Sector 3 keep up the good work."
76561198029339486,Recommended,211500,22281241,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Metalogic,"Superb racing sim, I really don't understand the negative reviews, are people expecting a non-realistic arcade racer? Excellent graphics, sound, physics and AI. Playable even with just a gamepad (though you really need at least this, not mouse and keyboard), with the correct settings - visit the Sector 3 forum for help wth controller profiles. Also realtively cheap, if you just focus on a particular class - the ADAC GT Masters pack is good value, comes with all the cars and tracks you need for a championship."
,Recommended,211500,25660872,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ДДºMortICi,"My #2 next to Project Cars. I simply wish there was a safety car, weather and time progression and dynamic road surface (rubbering etc.). There is just something about night racing. Granted the casual player would not even bother with these features, this is for the more dedicated hard core player. Seems when it comes to racing games there is a trade off that needs to be made between fun and seriousness, in my opinion this is a pure racing simulator and it doesn't try to be anything else. All cars are race spec, there are no road cars, no parts to buy for the car, no livery editor, etc. You get real life counter parts from real series mimicked ala iRacing.The sound is fantastic, the feel of the cars is much improved over the early beta days, the visiual presentation is fantastic albeit a bit dated (DirectX 9). Overall it gives a fantastic race experience that with hopeful VR support be extremely immersive. The studio has a lot of talent and great foundation to make a next generation simulator in the future. Hopefully they realize their vision in the next iteration, I can only hope that the backend gets replaced while the game stays the same title, no need for a RRRE2, just keep it RRRE and keep improving what is already there.I highly recommend it, if you do try this out, hop in the sillhoutte series cars at the raceroom raceway track (both awesome car and track!) and be sure to use a while, you loose a lot of immersion and feel of the game using a game pad or keyboard, its not gonna give you a poor experience. A G25 works perfect here.I have bought nearly all the content for the game and I am not even upset, you can get vRP from the raceroom store, which is cheaper than buying the cars and tracks within the game, first get the vRP reedem it in the game then buy the packs it will save you a lot of money. I recommend buying the packs that have cars and tracks in them, then the track packs then car packs as you wish. It will maximize the content and getting the 10K vRP for 60$ yields you nearly 90% of the content. This is not different than buying any modern game now, just wish they made it simpler than this."
76561197973429614,Recommended,211500,16313003,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,The_Grunt,"R3E is really a terrific racing sim! It was perhaps launched too early with many features lacking or functioning badly, but recently, though still in beta, it has really delivered in my opinion.I also have the ""other two"" contemporary racing games, AC and pC and I must say that I find R3E most fun of these three. For example, I think BMW M1 Procar is even more fun to drive in R3E than it is in pC which I find a blast in pC also. R3E is not perfect, at least yet, but it surely has its strengths. Sounds are just awesome and with the recent 9GB ""patch"" they got even better. FFB is also best of the three games and it deliveres the road feel really well and doesn't even require hours of tinkering with settings to get it right. AI is also the most competent of the three by a big margin, so R3E is perhaps the best choice for the single players at least until AC and pC improve their AI algorithms. Graphics are also quite good, although not on par with pCars, but on the other hand, R3E runs also very well on my three monitor setup.But hey, physics are the most important thing, no? Here R3E fares also well. Physics aren't perhaps the most accurate on the planet, but still very believable and with awesome FFB I like the driving feel a lot. I say it again, I think R3E delivers the most fun experience of the three. Still, R3E is by no means arcade racer and leans heavily towards simming side of the genre.As said and at the time of writing, R3E is still in beta and a work in progress. It is still quite polished and offers pretty much full experience already. It has no weather or full night, but it is otherwise pretty much a full deal IMO. Things I dislike the most are annoying load times, which surely improved with the latest patch, but are still on the annoying side especially on the menus. Micropayment system is completely a matter of opionion and it really doesn't bother me. You can have just one experience set and that gives you several tracks and a class of cars and that's basically all you need. If you wan't more, different packs give good value for money and you get discounts for the packs of the items you already may own.If you like sim-like racing games don't hesitate to try the R3E.  You can do it for free, but of course with very limited options for driving."
76561198165317497,Recommended,211500,22899752,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,philip-mx,"This game is so amazing.Go on game.raceroom.storereedem code is RQR32LT-AM8UGP9-GTCY22V-EKBP8DGTYPE this in on vRP.You vil now have 500vRP.Now you can purchase new cars, packs and tracks:-)Hi HI:-)"
76561197987836161,Recommended,211500,16179028,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,PatientLandBeaver,"8/10 Great race sim plagued by a terrible payment and content structure. I'm giving this a thumbs up only because it's actually a great racing sim experience with excellent single player AI and vehicle physics. Unfortunately you need to always be online to play.Multiplayer is still hit or miss and sometimes you will get randomly disconnected.I sincerely hope SInBin/Sector3 change this game to a flat pricing fee if they truely want to entice more players to the game. The game content is always on sale at least 50% on their website (cheaper than steam prices) so I wouldn't worry about missing out on sales. I've never seen any of the packs at full price. For example the regular price for the DTM 2014 pack is 8318 vRP or about $85 US without a discount on their site! Who would pay that much!? The permanent discount price is there to get you to buy stuff and is a classic marketing trick!If you're looking to get into Raceroom Experience with minimal cost I recommend the DTM 2013 pack and the American track pack. It only costs about $20 USD and gets you a great race series along with 13 tracks...Circuit Park ZandvoortRed Bull Ring SpielbergEuroSpeedway LausitzMoscow RacewayHockenheimringNürburgringNorisringMotorsport Arena OscherslebenBrands HatchMazda Laguna SecaMid OhioIndianapolisSonoma RacewayAfter that things ramp up in price very quickly! It'll cost you $102 USD for all tracks, three different race series and a big variety of vehicles (but not all of them). Detailed below. Keep in mind this still isn't all of the content available, probably around 75% of it!WTCC 2013DTM Experience 2013ADAC GT Masters Experience 2014DTM 1992GTR2 PackGroup 5 PackAmerican Track PackTrack: Circuit ZolderTrack: Bathurst CircuitTrack: Salzburgring* All remaining tracks included in above packs$102.59 USD Order Total (after discounts)If you want every vehicle in the game expect to pay well over $150 USD for all content.My advice is to just buy the $20 package I listed above and be happy with that. It's the 'best deal/bang for the buck' and still gets you a lot of racing action and tracks for that price."
76561198197789261,Recommended,211500,16204360,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ObySan,"RaceRoom is all about authentic world class racing series. If you are the type to get excited about simulating WTCC, DTM and GT World Championship auto racing then this game will definitely impress ! Physics are outstanding - the road feel is very prominent and the suspension action is quite noticeable. Audio sounds are the best I have ever experienced bar none ! The experience packages are a warranted pay scheme because the level of detail and customization possible with this game warrants the pricing on these packs. The game is built by a small dedicated outfit from Sweden and their communication via their forums with the games fans is outstanding. Highly recommended racing sim !!"
76561197993791428,Recommended,211500,12970316,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SerialChiller,"Great visuals, and Car Driving feel. Nice tracks and cars to choose from. and the controler support is welcomed. all cars feel as if they have there own charactoeristics. and track to cocpit, visual feedback is great. more so than any other games on the market. (have not played iRacing, nor will i ever) I have got all cars and tracks at sale prices only. I have saved 67% of the normal asking price for this game. and its worth every penny."
76561198053257408,Recommended,211500,18083898,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Chris,"Looks like a worthy successor to RACE 07 series. Still needs a bit of polish especially in the multiplayer department, but is a lot of fun as it is right now. After a few tweaks the physics/FFB system feels quite natural. The devs keep working on improving the game and it's visible. Competitions are one of my favourite modes. They are a great way to improve multiplayer experience, as it's a nice incentive for drivers to improve track knowledge and setups by competing with others."
76561198058670820,Recommended,211500,12090215,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,1ofJAHpeople,"Powerful piece of software. State of the art graphics, sound and technics.Game runs super smooth on maximum settings and controller support worksperfect. ( i5 4670k haswell 8gb GTX660 Win7 xbox 360 controller )Authentic and precise car models. The game really conveys a sense ofbreath taking speed. 100% adrenalin ejection, especially in multiplayer mode!+ graphics+ sound+ multiplayer support+ variety of cars+ good F2P content- no offline mode- lack of soundtrack- single player content with very little substanceedit: 05/2016+ game has now music and it´s great!+ vast amount of content was added.. new cars, tracks e.t.c.+ fair pricingafter all RaceRoom has evolved and grown up.. impressiv work!10/10"
76561198166351973,Recommended,211500,13917410,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,PJ Dunham,"Highly Recommend this title for its pure driving model, the raceing is good and i love the championships, it has it flaws GFX not as polished as some new titles but the feel i get in my cockpit through the wheel is great.Downside, cost for content just like iRacing it adds up so choose what you want carefully, i got DTM13 on special and was quite surprised just how good it feels and adjustability in game is great AI is pretty good.I only tried this because of the Dev teams History and Past wich traces back from SINBIN with GTR, RACE and such to Papy to my fav title of all time Grand Prix Legends.Dev is still on going with Multi player Alpha havnt tried yet but its growing.The More Content i aquire the more impressed i am with how Great the Physics are  from DTM RWD race cars to WTCC FWD lil rockets to the Hyper Power of the Zonder R they are just fantastic, you tend to over look the Graphics short falls for a bit.Never thought id get into WTCC FWD racing after ""RACE"" and ""RACE07"" but in RaceRoom the look and feel just great, i created my own championship ( as not all of the WTCC tracks are here a couple missing ) and its a FUN lil car to race the AI are actrually fantastic around Mid Ohip i was side by side with AI for 3 straight laps over cutting and undercutting eachother at ever corner with bearly a bump here n there was bloody awsome ive NEVER raced AI on ANY TITLE that allowed door to door wheel to wheel racing until now... UPDATE, Just keep getting better"
76561198286229828,Recommended,211500,33779715,Posted: 24 July,all,Capn' Dubbymon,"8.5/10 should be right up there with the greatest race sims of all time.  free version gives you access to a couple of tracks and a few cars to choose from.  extra tracks and cars cost $'s, but the DLC maps and cars look very nicely done.  not an easy game to play, more like a flight simulator for cars in a way.  i would definatly say its worth a try, if you are considering RaceRoomTHUMBS UP!"
76561197990095711,Recommended,211500,15748330,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,CW46,"This is a great graphical upgrade to Simbins racing games and it still has one of the best physics models. It is a tad expensive to get all the content compared to other racing titles but if you wait for one of their big sales it's possible to get it all for around 120 dollars (and it's probably worth it for how great the driving is). It still beats the incredible expense of buying content and yearly memberships for iracing though. Crazy amount of money to play that game.Just want to add that the best way to get content for the game (as others have said) is to buy VRP packages directly from the Raceroom store site (not the game site) then use the VRP when the game has one of their huge sales on. The way I bought content was to buy a couple of the packs when Steam had a really good  sale on first. I then bought a VRP pack and used it on the Raceroom site when they had a 90% sale (they have these great sales a few times a year from what I've seen). Because I owned two of the larger packs already, I also got additional discounts. I managed to get all the packs on the site (except a couple of the single car packs), around 75% of the cars and all the tracks except 5 for around 85 dollars Canadian total. Keep in mind that Raceroom uses US dollars and my dollar was only worth about 72 cents and you see how cheap Raceroom can be if you live in the US. Definitely worth it in my opinion for this incredible sim."
,Recommended,211500,12483051,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,• IRL • Roy,"Very good racing game physics... still in development, but tracks and cars are over price"
,Recommended,211500,25448582,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ReznoR,"Pros:- SOUND!!! Best in a racing game ever- the feeling of driving a car... unbelievable. Tons of fun. You have to feel it for yourself. I wish EVERY racing game had so realistic and pleasant physics and driving model as this game!- supports keyboard, mouse, gamepad, wheel... very satisfying gameplay on any of those.- Force Feedback. I mostly hate force-feedback in games and always turn it off (at least on a gamepad), because it's bloody annoying. Here... here it's a pure masterpiece.- camera controls- replays, saving replays, playing replays (really not common thing these days)- you can test any car and track for free unlimited amount of times- well - it's free (but for a price)- highly configurable in every aspect- runs blazingly fast even on low-end hardware- real-world drivers play it for fun too (they are uniquely indicated)Cons:- no story mode/campaign/objectives/modes etc. - something which would certainly make it more interesting- quite expensive tracks and cars when all summed up- graphics are a weird mix of modern and old standards- why I can get way better time than the Zonda R Nordschleife world record?"
76561198170558895,Recommended,211500,23253449,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,बुरी लड़की,"I LOVE THIS GAME TOO !!!!EITHER IN MULTIPLAYER FOR THE SINGLECustomisation championships, rules, AUDIO ENGINE FANTASTIC better than 90% of the current games .ULTRA MEGA ENHANCED (smooth at 60fps with all the ultra)CARS great , SKIING REAL AND DIFFICULTY OF OPPONENTS ""customizable"".FOR THOSE WHO LIKE RACING ( SIMULATION ) IS A GREAT GAME !!!!For those who like GRAPHICS . WILL PLAY Project Cars."
76561198126602207,Recommended,211500,16327254,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GRRT-Jona,"Playing Raceroom since 6months now. Ever since the 1st metres i made in the free cars i was sold to the game. Now 6 months later i own most content (all tracks which are beauties - and most of the cars). The circuits are very well build and have a lively atmosphere around them which is in big contrast with the coolness of AssettoCorsa.. The big variety of cars each have their own charactheristics. From WTCC to DTM92, from Group 5 to prototypes, they are all very enjoyable if you succeed in taming them. Sounds are well, you automatically raise your volume..The community of raceroom is very open, fair and sportive but competitive at the same time. Both on and offtrack.Overall i score Raceroom 9 out 10, it's such a joy to play.. Currently we are preparing online private and public competitions. Hopefully the missing features can only add to the experience Raceroom already has to offer.Greetings"
,Recommended,211500,24029993,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bant,Excellent game with loads of content. I love driving Pechito López's Citroen in the WTCC series.
,Recommended,211500,28655701,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DRK_Valkyrie,"This is probably one of the best FREE TO PLAY racing simulators on the market, definitely worth downloading!However, there is paid DLC for more tracks and cars, and there are plenty of free events to enter with legitimate prizes!I would say 5 stars, but it deserves 4 stars due to paid DLC instead of releasing a complete game."
76561198194574734,Recommended,211500,22089268,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,baddogcbr929,"Well gotta say it's now my go to race sim ,Cons purchacing process confusing and little pricey !!Pros  too many lol very underated game !! The feel of cars, graphics and wow the sounds are awesome some features missing but are too be included in upcoming update i believe? If in doubt give it a try nothing to loose and everything to gain . If you played it long time ago give it another try all ready have 4 friends really enjoying it. (No idon't work for s3) just enjoying game"
76561197996115557,Recommended,211500,29346315,Posted: 18 January,all,Simmoski (Carnival),"Great game, and now with Vr support, albeit in cinema mode, better than nothing, Bring on Full scale VR support!"
,Recommended,211500,18112751,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,saBan.,"This is no Need For Speed.If you want a casual game with a balance realism and fun buy SHIFT.This game is a real simulator, which for a lot of people means frustration. You must own a steering wheel eg: Logitech G27 or equivalent to really immerse yourself in it. You will not have fun playing this until you get really good at it… just like playing CS online.All aside, with lots of practice this is one of the best driving simulators I have played. I had a few friends play it and they absolutely hated it… now they all own a copy :)Awesome GFXGreat feedbackSound is incredibleIt’s free :)What more can i say..."
,Recommended,211500,12633906,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dumplings Hoolahan,FINALLY! A game with the feeling of the old TOCA series! Cars that react to small bumps in the road instead of driving on tarmac textured glass which all today's big name games feel like.
76561198072666181,Recommended,211500,11958391,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,The Dude Man,"If you are a sim driver and have not tried this out, get it!  Simulation drivers must have and for free like Simraceway/"
,Recommended,211500,14380507,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,bongofury,"I have been playing racing sims fpr a long time and have to say that so far RaceRoom captures the feel of racing better than any other I have played.  It takes a few tries to get the feel of the cars but that is because of the excellent physics engine.  I really hope they move into some rally cars and tracks, but what they have so far will keep me busy for months.Another plus is being able to see the results of real world racers and see how close (or not) you are to their times."
,Recommended,211500,18983749,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Atlas,Amazing experience. This game got me back into Sim Racing. I tried a few other competitors before choosing this one such as Assetto Corsa and iRacing. The others are great but something about this one just keeps me coming back. The only downside is the micro-transactions but if you catch them at a discount they're a steal. Highly reccomend 9/10
,Recommended,211500,14287637,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Roosta,"This is a great game,  Yes for FREE you only get a few cars and tracks, but its not P2W.If you don't have the cars/track then you cant race, so your never at an disavantage.There is 50+ cars to get, but a pack are better value as you can get tracks and cars.PROS:Other than race using you own purchased tracks and cars, RaceRoom has these two great features;* Practice in any car.  Seen a car you like, give it spin for free.  Same track each time, so you can get a really good feel for the car.* Race Room Competitions.   These are free and you don't need to have purchased the tracks and cars. You compete time trails against other players and your ghost car and you are ranked in a league.CONS:* Mainly a single player experience at the moment . Muliplayer is good but still in alpha.* DO NOT BUY ANY DLC FROM STEAM.Instead buy content from the game portal, which is connected to your steam account.They have sales and at the moment you can get DTM 13 for £6.20.  It will also give you a small volume discount and if you buy a pack which has tracks and cars that you already own, then you get a futher discount.  For example I have DTM 13, so DTM 14 is £9.20.I'm making the jump from from arcade to sim racing and this is much more user friendly and cheper than iracing and even Assetto Corsa.Play it yourself and see what you are missing."
76561198048163391,Recommended,211500,22740594,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,chrisjurassic,"I first played this game back in 2013, and was underwhelmed. On a whim, I decided to fire it up again last week, and I've been blown away by just how much it's changed for the better. If you are a fan of motorsport or racing games, I highly recommend this game. The pricing model is a little cumbersome at first, but if you buy a pack such as DTM 2015, you'll find yourself with a fair amount of content for a reasonable price, and you can add more packs gradually if you feel like something different. The inclusion of licensed motorsport series is a plus, and the track list features some interesting European tracks that I haven't seen in many other racing games. The car handling and sounds are outstanding, and the graphics are quite decent too. The actual racing is some of the best I've personally experienced, depending on the AI settings, races can be quite close and the game does a good job of replicating the aggressive doorhandle to doorhandle nature of touring car racing. Perhaps the neatest thing about the game is that you can try it out before commmiting to buy anything, so don't take my word for it, try it out!I give RaceRoom Racing Experience a solid 8/10."
76561198190368628,Recommended,211500,34594506,Posted: 29 August,all,IRONMike,"This is the most underrated sim available.   The best sounds in racing, excellent force feedback and physics.   Tied with Assetto Corsa as my favorite sim.   The VR racing in Raceroom is awesome!"
,Recommended,211500,22781106,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Stanca Mircea,"Just make the game available offline.You have so much to loose just because of this. Tons of people not happy about it.Tons of people that would buy it to play online but they don't because they also want to play singleplayer and enjoy those great cars and tracks and sounds that you put into this game without lag, online rookies, etc.I don't see justifing in paying for something and depending on the internet to enjoy it.Every time the internet is down...my money is gone!Please..."
,Recommended,211500,13522263,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pr3t3nd3r,"This game is absolutely fantastic! It is a pure joy to play. Sure, it doesn't have laser scanned content but who cars. I play games such as Assetto Crosa, tried pCars and iRacing but so far this game is in pair with the mentioned games! Definetely a game that is worth investing in it. It sure lacks few options but this game is still in a beta stage and many other games that are called 1.0 have less options available than this game.Would I recommend this game? ABSOLUTELY!"
76561198093229465,Recommended,211500,15741599,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,dragosbold,"RaceRoom is beyond everything that can be imagine in racing..RaceRoom is not a sim, it is just THE REALITY.I SPEAK AS A MAN WHO APPLIES SKIP BARBER RACING SCHOOL KNOWLEDGES LIKE A BIBLE IN MY DAY-BY-DAY DRIVING..THIS IS THE ONLY SIM WHERE EVERY PRINCIPLE CAN BE APPLIED AS IN THE REAL LIFE!!!( OF COURSE, IN THE SAME LEAGUE WITH THE ONLY REAL RALLY GAME, RICHARD BURNS RALLY).I M HAPPY FOR DISCOVERING YOU!NOTHING COMPARES WITH YOU, RACEROOM !THANK YOU!"
76561198003341674,Not Recommended,211500,30716147,Posted: 24 March,all,Rodster360,Can't recommend this game. You can't play offline since it's server based so the day they decide to pull the plug you are SOL and say goodbye to all of your purchases. The AI is typical and predictable since it's based on the ISI rFactor engine. There are plenty of racing sims that allow for offline play with solid physics that also have multiplayer as well.Many of the DLC are overpriced as well.
,Recommended,211500,14555825,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DILLIGAF,One of the best racing games on steam
76561197970460015,Recommended,211500,21350699,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Nicky,"one of the better racing games about ai is good , maybe a bit expensive when you add it all up but buy the cars you want to race and tracks. Graphics are good not as good as project cars but this is a better racing game.just to addgood pointsgood aiamazing soundgood graphicsgood tracks and carsgood handlingfunconnsdamage model needs adjustingno flag system, yellow flagno 24 hour racing night/day cycleno mix of grid gt2, 3 cars like gtr2limited grid number 24 cars onlywould like to select laps as well as timeno pitstop animation"
76561198026328168,Recommended,211500,13888675,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Pimp_This,"Picked this up since it was free, figured I'd give it a try. First night playing, it was ok. The graphics are good. The physics seem good while providing a challenging driving experience. Although it did take me another day to get my FFB sorted. There really is no explanation for what some of the settings do. (or a short rather canned one)Once I got my FFB dialed in, the game/sim really started to shine. I use the Logitech G27 with pedals and H-shifter. A wheel really is the preferred way to get the best experience, though I'm sure there are a handful of controller users out there who can rip it up pretty good.The sounds really are pretty amazing. Especially when you start to drive different cars. Considering I've got 12 hours and 128 laps under my belt in one weekend, its safe to say I'm hooked.If the devs can continue in the right direction with development, R3E has a lot of potential to be great! And don't be turned off by paid content until you at least try the free stuff. Other racing sim organizations (not mentioning any names) do the same thing.=====Update 02/13/2015======After 1100+ laps and over 2 days of total in game time I can say I'm still hooked. The most recent update Feb 2015 improved the AI and optimized the graphics. Dedicated servers are coming soon. I believe this year which will open up online racing leagues.I own almost all the cars. All tracks and all packs but the hill climb. Yes a little pricey, but worth it IMO. The devs stay in constant contact with the community which is more than I can say for other games/sims. New tracks and cars are still in the works, the most recent upcoming new track, Sonoma and the Cadillac CTS VR coupe to be released soon as paid content. R3E has only gotten better since I've been playing it and it was pretty good when I started with it anyway.R3E is definitely to be taken seriously among other race sims currently on the market."
76561198105440623,Recommended,211500,15861289,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,andreas zamisantos,"Great !Simply the best ever.With driving wheel the game is complete, better than AC which have the same glide, same driving experience....In pro mode, the car set is very technical but at least the driving experience is full of emotion."
,Recommended,211500,15820925,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,kenkaiping,"That's great game, and also buy DTM 2014 DLC, too."
76561197968505384,Recommended,211500,15843458,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,RBN,"Very good game.There is still a lot to improve but the foundation is solid.I don't understand all the negativity around R3E.Yes you have to buy stuff and yes the free to play doesn't offer 20 cars or tracks for free.The F2P content isn't all that bad you can join competitions and race cars and tracks you don't have.The content isn't that expensive also.Good physics and real cars and liveries, superb sound, good AI.Can't wait to see whats next.Better then ProjectCars as a total package."
76561197967201791,Recommended,211500,24331178,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Berno,Massively underrated racing sim.One of the best sims unfortunately hamstrung by in app purchases.Not that expensive if you are careful what you buy but not cheap either.
76561197987585739,Recommended,211500,25892480,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,{NT}Norgob,best racingsim ive tryed this game have old solid roots  (gtr / race 07) simbin series though you need a controllerand you should aim for a quality wheel but an xbox one controller will do just fine to start withthough you will always (when you get a new wheel or controller) need to to spend some time fidling with sentivity etcthere is some post here and there about how to config the controller and dont expect the controller fidling like a Playstation game where you just plug and play (it took me some hours to find the right setup for me controller )pretty good graphics though some say it aint that good but hey either they play on a potato or demanding triple A 2016 graphics of a 3-4 year old game oreven olderlots of cool cars some is free most of them cost money though but i find the carpacks worth it im guessing its how you look at itlots of cool real life trackschampionship races where you can win ingame money to purchase cars and tracks and ofcauseplay against other racers either by time trial (ingame money prizes) or in a race with 24+ people on the actual trackquite a few dlc's but again which game nowadays dont got dlc'sand if you want extra content in form of dlc's THEN DONT BUY THEM THROUGH STEAM they cost like 3-4 times more the the ingame store i purchased dtm 2015 through the ingame store to less then 10 euro compared to steam price tag at 25 euro
76561197992743763,Recommended,211500,24421032,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,dejavu,"just touched it for some hours, but if you have a ffb wheel and 5.1 sound you gotta love this one."
,Recommended,211500,29546372,Posted: 28 January,all,Viljami Von Guggenheim,"The absolute best race sim i played so far. Wheel profiles setup automaticly, no fidling with controls like in assetto corsa.Really good physics very deacent graphics, and the sounds are insainly good. i got into raceing sims becouse of this game i instaltly loved the sounds and got a wheel shortly after and the game just got even more amazing.All wheel settings, pedal settings can be adjusted in gameplay, no need to slowly do it on the main manu.Community is very nice and friendly and will help a new driver.All cars are made with insane datail from outside and inside.Only downside is that you get about  4 car classes with some cars in them and 2 tracks, evenrything else you have buy as a DLC and it will get expencive if you buy a lot of things like i have done, but still no car or track is disapointing.I do recomend this game if you are into cars/racing, im sure you will like thisAnd lastly im sorry for my English, its not my first lauange."
,Recommended,211500,13580103,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,.x.X.Revenge.X.x.,Great ! i say great that´s allperfect!Oculus support !set your DK2  as primary in extendet modeadd “-vr” to the Launch Options (under Properties in your Steam game list)and Enjoy!
,Recommended,211500,18821715,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mankunkaz,"I tried the game when launched 2 years ago and sure it has been seriously enhanced and optimized.Outstanding sensations, Sound environnement, realism and Force Feedback feeling.Playing on a 3 screens setup (5760*1080 / R9-290X / i7 4930k)  with G25 (DIY piston brake mod)Stable game, no bugs so far, but FrameRate could be better or maybe i miss something in options.Unfortunately the game has serious lacks like tire choice, temperature, setups saving, ...So i don't know if i recommend or not.As a realism-addict-gamer i would say YES YES YES : the sensations you get when you manage to drive a fast car in this simulator are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic.As a customer i would say NO : i'm seriously disappointed about many obvious lacks in the simulation, keeping in mind the money you need to spend to own decent car and tracks choices to practice and challenge.But i could say same thing about our IRL cars: webcams, USB, SDcard etc are cheap and already old stuff from around 2000... so why aren't they supplied by default on every car in the market by then ?Why do we still have to pay hundreds of euros to get that options on a 10-20.000 euros product ?By the way you can drive some car and tracks FOR FREE INFINITELY !!So no surprise if you buy it.I just played 20h and i would already say it did worth the euros :)"
,Recommended,211500,13723039,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Twisted27,pretty realistic... no upgrade or buying cars(except for real money or vrp) Multiplayer is fun but not enough people playing it seems.  need to buy tracks to play most multiplayer sessions.  still its a kick in the pants if you enjoy racing and are competitive in nature
,Recommended,211500,14214783,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sucratzz,"This sim is one of my favorites.Since Sector 3 Studios was born, RaceRoom has received new force feedback, which is acclaimed to be amongst the best. New content has received new physics for cars and new more detailed track surfaces. Also, they are going through all of the old content and updating the cars to the new physics model. Most tracks have now been updated aswell, however they may have finished by the time you read this.Combine these 3 things with genre leading sounds and you have one of the best experiences available in sim racing today.Multiplayer has a unique style of netcode where your ping to each other racer seems to be p2p rather than via the server you are racing on, which is great. Racing standards in most lobbies I have been in is of a good standard.Along side the DLC listed in steam, RaceRoom also has a store in game.The price for cars and tracks beyond the given free ones are very reasonable compared to other sims that charge on a per car/track basis, this also enables the devs to keep adding new content consistently. Content is now available in packs for a discount as well. The neat thing is the way you get a scaling discount based upon how much of said pack you already own. Because I had already bought the DTM packs (DTM 2013 I picked up for a nice $7.50 on sale through steam dlc) and ADAC 2013 pack, when I went to buy the European track pack the remaining 3 or 4 tracks I didn't already own ended up costing me about 20% of what they would have if I bought them individually.One really big thing for me being an Aussie is BATHURST!It's probably the best most accurate version of the track ever made outside of laser scanning.Yep, if you like racing cars with a wheel or even a gamepad, definitely make sure you check this one out."
,Recommended,211500,30849248,Posted: 31 March,all,acidburn82uk,"If you like WTCC or DTM, this is the sim for you. Great selection of tracks, a lot of which aren't featured in any other race sims. R3E has the best audio and most customisable feedback of any sim that I've played. Hopefully the upcoming multiplayer improvements will see it start to compete with iRacing... fingers crossed!"
76561198237157578,Recommended,211500,22964563,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Eddie,Absolutely fantastic. Thank you.
76561198013675440,Recommended,211500,24117751,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mustgofaster,"The best sound and FFB of any racing game at the moment and everything else is on par with the others such as Assetto and pCars. Buy into it as much or as little as you want. Stand out for me is Zolder, Portimao, Laguna Seca and of course the Nordshleife."
76561198107608663,Recommended,211500,19365013,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Brad's Games,"I've played PC, AC, and RF2, and I always come back to RaceRoom.  Hands down the best racing sim available.  The interface is very well done.  The tuning options in the game actually do something and make sense.  The cars behave and handle like real cars.  Ultimately this is the classic you get what you pay for, RaceRoom is more expensive, but it really is very well done and worth the investment if you are really into racing simulation games."
76561198030802594,Recommended,211500,14506185,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bacon,"The more I play, the more I like this game. It has several strengths compared to other similar games. I really like the selection of cars and tracks, and the cars in each class are very well balanced so that every car is a potential winner. They've also really nailed it with a good mix of classics and modern racing series like DTM and WTCC.The controls, force feedback and sound is nothing less than fantastic! Beats everything else on the market hands down. Graphics are also top notch. The game has had a rough start, but now it's really starting to shine.Laser scanned Nordschleife is also coming soon, which will make the game even more better. :)"
,Recommended,211500,16109834,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Pacman's Gran Fury,Game is worth to own now. Pay attention to the regular sales to grab nice stuff for a not so much of a rip off price. Two car packs are worth even w/o sale for the low price: DTM 2013 and DTM 1992. Physics and graphics are top notch.
76561198027568627,Recommended,211500,13529974,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,smokinmaster,"Now i have my Xbox ONE controller st up correctly its fun. VERY mis-leading saying free to play. Very little content and you have to PAY for everything. Youll need a decentish PC to run well. Sounds are some of the best on any racing game, GFX are a little last gen but still demanding enough to push a decent last gen GFX card :) Can i recomend it? Not sure really. pi55 poor content says no. But you dont get something for nothing - which we seem to forget these days! Might buy a pack of cars and tracks and give a different opinion. I would have liked a semi/full demo to get a feel before buying anything really"
76561197992477215,Recommended,211500,13571901,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,pieboy_10,"This is by far the best game Simbin have produced. The physics are spot-on, and, aside from a few licensing issues with the RUF brand and a few iconic tracks which are currently lacking (though I'm assured they're coming soon), this is a very complete game. I bought into this during the alpha stage when I was taken aback by the graphics and attention to detail in their fictional Raceroom track, and I haven't once regretted it. I think the likes of Assetto Corsa and Project Cars can only be substantially better by having a better selection of road-going cars and the Nordschleife, available as standard."
76561198277565096,Recommended,211500,25099384,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,david.anderson,Tremendous
,Recommended,211500,29708700,Posted: 4 February,all,Wesley S,"I am very new to the PC SimRacing family and my first experience was Project Cars, and Assetto Corsa. So I thought I would try ouy iRacing, loved it although I found it very intemidating for a beginner like myself. From watching the reviews of RaceRoom on ISRTV I thought I would give RaceRoom a try, I am hooked. This game has the complexity and challenge of iRacing when it comes to the features you get and game play, but with the simplicity of PCars & AC, I give it 5 Stars and then some."
,Recommended,211500,17023594,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,nuffy,"Free to Play Racing Sim where you pay for what you want.For some reason this is enough to give the game a negative review. Not me.This game has the best sounding cars I have ever heard in a video game. Period. Nothing else even comes close.It also has outstanding forcefeedback, a big community, and accurate simulation. The AI is pretty good, it's very agressive though. It seems to be a bit dynamic.I can't get enough of it. There's also a lot of real racing drivers that play this game which is pretty cool. It was, and wasn't, surprising to see Mike Rockenfeller at the top of the leaderboards for a few tracks.If you like motorsport and have a racing wheel this is a must play. It's FREE, there's a few tracks you can try and you can test drive every car in the game for free, along with a handful you get for free. It's worth your time and if you don't like it there's no loss. You don't have to pay a cent."
,Recommended,211500,14759767,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Drunk Cyclist,"Play Simracing since GTR2, so i have a good overview about SImgames. Now we have some good Simracing games like Assetto Corsa and Iracing. The difference between this two games and RRRE is that the Forcefeedack are much more real then the other two games. Enginesound from all cars are more real and you think youre inside your dreamcar.short pro and contra list:+Engine Sound+ForceFeedback+collision detection (much much better then Assetto Corsa)+Racing Tracks (not all laserscanned but real similar to the real tracks)+Racecars (DTM13/14,WTCC13,GTR1/2/3/X,GTMasters,Daytona,Procars and much more)+OnTrack Settings like (control, HUD,Sound, etc.)I miss that in Assetto Corsa+dedicated server still in development (comming soon)+RealRace Drivers use this game to train (Sometimes you see one of your Racestar ingame)+everycar have a own setup what you can edit how you want - steering options for everycar+MP: Friends shown as a star in the Serverlist-/+Microtransactions (You can buy a complete Pack like GTMasters or DTM 13/14.-/+Multiplayer in Alpha Stage (some stuff is missed)-just few onlineplayers-Multiplayer: Training/Qualitime: Players join during sessions, a join lag destroy your Laptime-Setupguide is missing (example. Assetto Corsa explain ingame what every option mean)-MP: Loadtime while joining a server take a long time (maybe 2-3 minutes)Most stuff is in development and the devs are working hard.I think that this game is one of the top sims actually,"
,Recommended,211500,14966119,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Swicked,"I really enjoy playing this game. One of the best racing simulators I’ve ever played before in my life.Graphics great, even on mid-range PC, sounds are awesome, physics is so real.Even on beta stage, I am impressed about work has done.This game pleases me so well everyday for two years.I believe it will become much more filled by content in future.Best regards, Yevgeny."
76561198273961457,Recommended,211500,25827779,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,VFX Pro,"Works really well on triple monitor setup at 10K.  The telemetry to Accurforce and SimXperience motion rig is really good.  This is a top notch simulator.  Peope who complain about driving witha keyboard, this game is not for you.  The sounds are simply amazing."
76561198051488687,Recommended,211500,20279242,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,digidood,"Great game.I've played Forza, GT...love GT6, but damn! Raceroom is fun. I bought the WTCC addon (but I love WTCC) and it's a blast to drive. The FWD physics is awesome...awesome = realistic durining corning and hard braking. Then I bought the GT3 addon (everything was bought during Xmas sales) and it was a blast, I still need traction control but perfection comes with time (plus i'm using the xbox controller). Buying  some of the tracks is a bit lame, to be honest but that's how this developer pays their employees.I use a 8 core AMD , 32 gbs o' ram with 2 gtx 760's...more than enough for this game. It runs AMAZING.If you love racing give this a shot and get the some of the addons while their still on xmas discount."
76561198027339085,Recommended,211500,22399649,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,gongo,"EDIT: Here's my video review of R3E after playing for a month:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91oxmTnvR1kFirst, I'll address the nay-sayers problems with the ""pay wall"": Go to the RaceRoom Shop (not the DLC Store) and purchase your vRP credits there. With $65 you can get 10000 vRP which is *much* cheaper than buying it in-game or using Steam Wallet and you'll be able to buy pretty much all the content in the DLC store. Next, wait for things that you want to go on sale. Test drive the cars that you want to buy in-game first to make sure you like them. Please note: you *do not* have to own all cars in a class to race against a full field. If you only like the Corvette Z06, then just buy the one or two liveries that you like and when you race against AI, you'll still see McLarens and Mercedes-Benzs out on track. I picked up the ADAC GT 2014, WTCC 2015, American Track Pack, and Audi Sport TT Cup 2015 (one livery) for $27. That's *very* reasonable for a dozen tracks and a dozen cars and a few dozen liveries.Last note on the DLC: *do not* purchase the DLC through Steam as the discounts don't apply there.Now, as far as the driving, the FFB is detailed and informative with many settings to adjust how much each effect is weighted in the steering. You can also define clutch bite point, clutch and brake sensitivity, dead zone, upper and lower limits, as well as tune the shifter debounce timeout - and many more options. The graphics are good and the sounds are great - you can tune how much suspension squeak, tire scrub, transmission whine, etc. The AI are generally pretty good and make for a lot of fun in tighter races. I haven't tried out the online functionality.Aside from the Portimao circuit and Lakeview Hill Climb stage, all of the free content is pretty boring and doesn't do a great job of selling the sim's potential. The Audi Sport TT Cup 2015 car is what really sold me on the sim and with its push-to-pass 10-second boost system it makes for awesome racing.The main downside to this sim is that it *requires* a 100% always-on internet connection to the Sector 3 servers, even for single player practice. If your internet goes down for a moment or you lose connection for an instant, you're immediately booted out of the game until your connection is satisfactory again. As of this time, there is no offline mode and even slight flutters in internet connection will cause issues. It appears to have something to do with the anti-cheat mechanism they use (there are regular tournaments with leaderboards and prizes, etc) as well as the content management system to make sure you're only using DLC that you own, coupled with the online stats profiling (it logs how many laps you've done in each car at each track, how long you've spent off-track, etc) and the online telemetry upload for replays and such. It's annoying if you don't have a stable internet connection, so keep that in mind.The sim is quite good with lots of good quality content and highly polished FFB and sound effects. I'm playing with a TrackIR 5, Logitech G25, Renovatio SRD-9c dash, on Windows 10 Pro 64-bit (Core i7-6700, 16 GB DDR4, 512 GB M.2 SSD, GTX 970) on a 34"" ultrawide (21:9) display at 3440x1440."
76561197975902251,Recommended,211500,18584166,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DeMaulwurfn∴,try it.. if you like it you can buy cars and tracks the way you want :-)
76561197970390752,Recommended,211500,19720769,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bob,"With each and every update this game just keeps getting better and better , RRE competes on every level with any AAA title released to date , this game in my opinion is fast becoming a work of art , graphically and technically RRE has exceeded all my expectations and cannot be overlooked by any sim racer.The driving experience is very realistic and suited to players of all levels. The UI is particularly nice and offers everything you could possibly think you want, options are really well laid out in a manner which suits the whole presentation package perfectly,  a lot of work and thought has went into this title and anyone who loves attention to detail will no doubt agree, this is one of the very best sim racers available on PC , ( if not the best ).RRE also has some of the best force feed back and FFB options I have experienced in any racing title.Simply Awesome 10/10 a must have sim."
76561198025999795,Recommended,211500,20160711,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mondyrocks,"I've owned Raceroom for a couple of years now. Originally, I was put off with the lack of cars and tracks, and the price of the DLC but I've bought it when on a steam sale.I own rFactor 2, Project Cars, Stock Car Extreme and Assetto Corsa and this game feels as good to drive as any of the others. Maybe not quite as good, physics wise, as rFactor 2 or Assetto Corsa, but it looks wonderful, as nice as Project Cars.I feel that this Racing Sim is a little underrated and doesn't get the credit it deserves.Plus points:Runs at well over 100 ( nearer 200 ) fps on my system! ( i5 4670k, 16gb ram, Nvidia Geforce 970 gtx, Acer 144mhz monitor. )Wonderful force feedback with my Logitech G27 wheel.Looks lovely, tracks, sky, cars, reflections, very nice indeed.Great leaderboard challenge mode.If you alter car settings you can feel the difference.Online races can be very good, with less ""console racers"" than on Project Cars.Idiot drivers are turned into ghosts automatically by the game, so they don't ruin everyone elses race!Minus points.DLC can be expensive.Game is threadbare unless you're willing to purchase some DLC.Online games are hard to find without DLC.Plenty of online servers are empty.Overall, this game is great fun.I would recommend downloading the barebones version to start with, if you enjoy the couple of free cars and tracks then it's well worth considering buying some DLC.8/10"
,Recommended,211500,19561063,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DIGGIANANTONIO,"the graphic is very good ,especially when in the circuit"
,Recommended,211500,20577967,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,WarmungerZA,Enjoying this very much.Tried this a while ago and went back to AC and PCars. Those two lost it some where in my opinion. Tried Raceroom again in November and my gosh what an improvement.This is now my goto Simulator. FFB in my opinion is on par with the best and the sound....nothing else comes close.Free content is limited but the ADAC GT3 and DTM packs are of high quality and worth every cent.
,Recommended,211500,16957254,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[SAE]Skobel,"Where to start?I'm a huge DTM fan, and this game was the only one on the market that actually let me have the experience to drive with Muller, Felix da Costa, Green and all the others.But it does more than that. It's an actual simulator, which makes everything WAY more interesting.The tracks are spot on, so are the cars.This is THE racing game I always wanted, and now here it is.Graphics are great, gameplay damn close to the real thing, and nothing else to add.10/10 would 49.900 Norisring again with the DTM merc."
,Recommended,211500,17273968,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,shrewdlogarithm,"I'm conflicted over RRE - overall I've had a lot of fun so I give it's a 'recommended' but it's a mixed bag.Good pointsMost of the cars are beautifully modelled, looking and (importantly) sounding great.Handling is mostly top-notchTracks are well modelled (tho Bathurst lacks the bumps it has in reality and Brands is Indy only)Bad PointsThe AI isn't the best - it's not keen to overtake, seems to have MUCH better brakes/grip and hitting/being hit by an AI car tends to result in it carrying-on and you being thrown into the scenery.The pricing model means the odds are your mates won't have the cars/tracks you do which limits online fun a bitI don't really mind the 'free game - pay for cars and tracks' model overall - it encourages them to keep developing the game by keeping the money coming in.Tips:Cars are cheaper on their own rather that in packs UNLESS you want all the LIVERIES (which make-up most of the cost)Just because you don't own a car/livery doesn't mean the AI/other players can't use it in races (you won't be racing all-the-same cars even if you only own 1 car/livery in a class)Adaptive AI doesn't really work (for me at least) - just dial-in your level and you'll have more funTest-drive any car you like from the Store (one track only but you'll get the idea)Steam Sales offer cheap DLC packs!!"
76561198161701032,Recommended,211500,13238189,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,frank11056,Logged a dozen or so hours into this game so far and am really loving it. The graphics are great along with the handling and sounds. Very satisfying when you win a race. I highly recommend this game. The free tracks are some of the more pituresque of the bunch. You will love it!
76561197995127579,Recommended,211500,14296919,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,par,best game ever
76561198118981267,Recommended,211500,22631198,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,GioSakEWorld,Really good simulator. Graphics are great!
,Recommended,211500,13105361,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BulletApe,Seems a bit expensive at first. Unless you compare it to iracing. Much better priced than iracing and their GFX engine kicks its♥♥♥♥♥ So far loving it.
76561198106638067,Recommended,211500,17926834,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,toofastidiot,"This is a fantastic racing sim.  It is not an arcade game, it is not Gran Turismo or Need for Speed.  To get the most out of this game will require a wheel and pedal set.  It is free but only comes with basic content, the rest is paid but it is enough to try it out -  more content is very reasonable and there are no microtransactions or subscription.Players include professional race car drivers.  To be the fastest person he will take a lot of doing.  Not really for people who don't love driving race cars and don't mind being beaten a lot.  There are no street cars in this game.  There are ongoing competions and many many hotlap leaderboards.I have been sim racing for a long time and at the moment this and Game Stock Car are all I want to play.If you play this for 6 minutes with a keyboard and then hate it because you are struggling instead of winning everything in sight as on an EA game leaving a bad review is unfair.  Note that these people are in the multiplayer on the free content and if you are worried the other multiplayer is a lot cleaner although there is no safety rating system as yet.If you like driving realistic race cars get this game."
76561198165281756,Recommended,211500,15524290,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Web-toed freak :-),hi vary good game love it the only problum is that it keeps crashing on me auther than that a good game
,Recommended,211500,17146253,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,EpicPosterGuy,"Since end of last year the guys at sector3 have turned RRE into a sim that can compete in the current market, the physics are good enough, ffb, sounds, graphics, ai and track/car selection are great, the content packs come at reasonable prices and the sim is very frequently updated with new features and quality content, if you like racing games/sims RRE is definitely worth your time and money."
76561198036022194,Recommended,211500,23719789,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,davevans,Easily the best racing sim I've used
76561198025071629,Recommended,211500,10476379,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Knopex,"Very good physic, perfect sounds. Only 3 things missing: Virtual currency and multiplayer, more hillclimb. If this game would be released for modding, we can expect the best circuit/rally racing ever."
76561198015524442,Recommended,211500,19023978,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,pRoject™,Very good game with amazing sounds and physics (Y)
76561197990635367,Recommended,211500,30852069,Posted: 31 March,all,legranja,"Awesome game. Good deals. Too bad they have not developed more UStracks such as Sebring, and  Daytona 24h these are two big ones missing...."
76561198009602356,Recommended,211500,10595293,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MordeKai,A nice racing simulator for beginners and those who seek a challenge.
,Recommended,211500,17203857,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,xdec72,This is one of the most fun racing games I've played in a long while. The content is all done really well and the driving experience is very immersive. The multiplayer netcode is fairly decent already for something in Alpha. It takes me back to when I first played Race07 way back when. Highly recommend this to anyone looking for a fun racing experience.
76561198022218699,Recommended,211500,17227896,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,porsche944,"This is the best sim since Grand Prix Legends. Simply the most fun you can have with your clothes on. Period. If you love race cars & racing this is as close as you can get to the real thing. They even give you a couple of tracks &  3 cars for free, Whats to complain about. Yes Multiplayer is in alpha. So if you do that then you can expect problems. But the single player game is great against the ai. Works fine & is stable on my Pc. Try it. You won't be disapointed. But as said by others. Buy your upgrades direct from the games website. Not through Steam. You can purchace from your steam wallet. It's not perfect yet there still working on it. But it is good.... Very good! Bought some tracks including one I've actually driven on & it's spot on. When you crash it doesn't even cost you anything!!!! Hell I love this game already & I only had it a few days! Works well with a joystick. So you don't have to spend a fortune on a wheel. Now I've got the thing calibrated good bye life...... :-)Sure if your looking for arcade forget it. You will hate it. Go and waste your money on something else. Bore your brains out after 15 hours. This will take you that long to get into it. Trust me I'm only just starting. This can only get better, With more tracks coming online all the time it will be alot better. And when they sort the multiplayer........... Bought 7 tracks & 20 cars for £20 so don't believe the doom merchants. Much cheaper from the games website than on steam, This is one game I don't mind paying for DLC''s as it will keep the game in developement. Real world physics. Awesome sound that deserves some decent speakers. And after all they give you so much for free. How you can whinge about that. If it doesn't work on your system then at least it hasn't cost you anything. I have paid good money for other race games that won't even run on my Pc or have no controller support. This game is quality."
,Recommended,211500,17220965,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Czar,"Racing against the AI works, only with minor behavior issues. Supports large range of controlers and the sounds are insanely well done.Good track models (above F1 games by codemasters quality at least) and cars.Functional in game store with steam works integraded with your steam wallet.Took me a while to find a recent sim that make good races along with game stock car extreme."
76561197968592385,Recommended,211500,17203169,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,RLWRacer,"R3E was absolutely terrible not so long ago. The interface was a nightmare and the racing odd with the huge coloured markers etc. If you judge it on that, let me tell you that it's now a completely different game.The interface now makes sense, and is one of the best you'll find out there. The game is F2P with purchases for content (but the ability to enter certain events without purchasing the content and the option to try before you buy). There are frequent sales so you don't have to spend a fortune.Cars are very impressive with the physics being better than iRacing, Project Cars and Assetto Corsa but not quite as good as RFactor 2. Tracks, while not laser scanned, are not too far off the quality of RF2's non-laser-scanned tracks. The geometry is generally accurate, but of course you don't get the exact bumps, but laser scans quickly become out of date so this isn't as big an issue as one might expect. Sounds are the best you'll find anywhere, really expressing the clunky rattling shaking madness of a real race car.Netcode needs a bit of work [cars behave strangely with high pings and disconnects happen], but multiplayer is in alpha I believe, so hopefully that'll improve in time. The usual issues of only 30% finishing and loads of wrecks apply in public servers but plenty of leagues exist to cater to the more serious racer. Single-player features the most enjoyable AI I've raced against.In short, R3E is VASTLY better than it was, and now deserves a place among the elite of sim-racing."
76561198014834205,Recommended,211500,19604883,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,~Psyclone~,"I do recommend this game because to me it feels very genuine, and especially the track layouts are very accurate. The graphics are fantastic, except for the surroundings of the track, but who really cares about that...?It's fun, lot to discover, tracks to learn, cars to handle and the buyable content is a very smart move by the producer,(because you'll want more and more content each priced quite fairly) but also for the customer to spend as much or as little as he himself desires. Good game! I'm looking forward to even more classes and tracks in the future."
76561198075134335,Recommended,211500,6784916,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Blue Angel,Try if you like racing
76561197971977149,Recommended,211500,11111808,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,NoobieKuan,Much improved with recent updates. Still don't like their pricing model. Promoting the game as free to play is misleading with the amount of free content enough only for a demo. For those of you who has  data cap with your internet plan please beware that this game will required you to download everything even though you don't have access to most of the content unless you pay to unlock it. Also this is online only so expect to have occasional server interuption and connection problem. Would recommend only if they have packs on sale. Don't buy it full price.
76561198065821778,Recommended,211500,16515087,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The GiGa Muff,I like to race on the racetrack. This game is fun. I like cars.Seriously though... This game is amazing!
76561198091842269,Recommended,211500,16761870,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jack Daniels,The most Realistic racing sim i have ever experianced !!!! 10/10  :)
76561197971006103,Recommended,211500,484613,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,MIVER,"nice driving...А сильно улучшились-то за год-полтора, что их не пробовал... Прям приятно. Берешь пак с лицензированными трассами\машинами\пилотами и  в путь по лицензионным правилам. Руль сам подхватился, ничего не настраивал, FFB неожиданно изумительный. Советую."
76561198014706863,Recommended,211500,14910702,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,AweAndThenSum,"Superb racing sim,,,,,,,,,,,,11\10......nuff said.JUST TRY IT FOR YOURSELF."
76561198007107520,Recommended,211500,14950904,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Freelancer,Not bad
,Recommended,211500,15187473,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Robes,Excellent. Vastly improved since the early days.
,Recommended,211500,15259601,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Femapisa,"Good simulator, some things to be done to improve this game."
76561198104934207,Recommended,211500,16439905,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,malcolmm101,"this game costs arround any other decent sim with added dlc , but this is in a whole new class! unbelievable realism ,especialy in cockpit view using wheel !!! classic corvette stingray sounds sublime , as do all other cars . if your a driver you`ll be hooked . in all GIANT THUMBS UP !!!!!!"
,Recommended,211500,324375,"Posted: 8 September, 2012",all,Surge,A glimpse into what SimBin is bringing in the future. Excellent. Cannot wait to see more.
76561197994216005,Recommended,211500,11384247,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,USMC_DD,"I have the game,, , I haven't been able to play it yet..  It shows my controller ,, but,, won't let me set it up ..  When I set a profile for it .. it only shows me using the keyboard.. .I sure could use some help with this,,   I'm not going to buy the DTM DLC if I can't use my controller on it either,,  Sorry,,   BTW,, I'm using a Logitech  Wingman ,,    Like I said,,  I sure could use some technical help with this ..           Thanks,,,   Chuck"
76561198042346999,Recommended,211500,4838646,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Ninjabredman,"Only in beta but great handling sim, looks terrific, at the moment only time trial type events, no multiplayer or single player races. There is a cost to buy tracks but you dont have to buy all of them just pick the ones you want, unlike some of the other reviews this wont cost much. Give it a try, there seem to be regular updates, for the free to play price its worth a shotUpdateI bought the DTM Experience DLC and i love it, best touring car game i have played since TOCA days. Racing is competitive and challengine, tracks are great and physics are good. I am still dissapointed thatht the main game only has time trial type events, no single player races or multi player races, but DTM Experience is great."
,Recommended,211500,13231912,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Bandini,"This is next-gen RACE 07, and it's excellent! You will need dedicated graphics and a steering wheel.Negative reviews are all about pricing, and this really isn't expensive. You don't need to own every car and livery in the game. To race in a class, you need exactly one car, and several are already included for free. Pick up a few tracks and you're all set. You get custom championships and multiplayer.Spa-Francorchamps at €5.49. Bliss!"
76561198079111768,Recommended,211500,22322760,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,magileswi,"I must say,...RaceRoom Racing Experience, is the best Road Racing Simulation I have used to  date!!!Hats off to All Engineers involved in this product.Cheers,Michael GilesTomah, Wisconsin   U.S."
,Recommended,211500,30691971,Posted: 23 March,all,allen.jacobs,One of if not the best sim racing games currently available.  Sounds and physics are excellent.  It is not really a free to play game but if you purchase content through the game store with vRP it is no more than any other complete game.  Since you get to choose what content you buy it can actually be cheaper than other sims.
,Recommended,211500,17190122,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dark Lord,"Back when this game launched, it lacked even the basic functions of a racing sim, Offline AI race, Online multiplayer. Which of course deserved the hate and bashing.Fast forward to current, all this had been implemented plus more. The sounds are awesome and properly captures how the real cars sound like. Unlike another sim who overexaggerates their car sounds till its ear hurting.The only con is the confusing content purchase system, which are gradually getting better with the introduction of Packs."
76561198001615275,Recommended,211500,8051508,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Lost Potato,"I've spent more on this game buying tracks and cars than the  full version of Assetto Corsa. The game is not bad but I dont like this new type of ""apple iphone"" marketing strategy where you pay as you play.EDITED REVIEW---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After a year and seeing how much this game improved, i'd say its worth it and totally agree with DriftMachine."
76561198041837730,Recommended,211500,29524911,Posted: 27 January,all,TheGunhand,"Graphics look good, VR support is solid so far, Force Feedback is good, but this title really shines when it comes the the sound. The engine notes, the bumps, and the little squeal of the brakes are just perfect. AI can put up a fight and react instead of following each other in a line. I feel the content prices are fair and they run sales pretty often. If you like racing GT cars there is a wealth of content here. It's free to try out so you really can't go wrong. This is definitely a title I would recommend having some kind of racing wheel for."
,Recommended,211500,26439590,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dctoe_US,"Love this game.  Sort of a good cross between pCars and Assetto Corsa.  No muss or fuss.  Sit down and start racing.  The DLC model is a little complicated, but once you figure that out, you're good to go!"
,Recommended,211500,17007582,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Markuz Juniuz,"This has got to be the most underrated racing game or simulation. It may not have the best visuals among racing games right now but it still looks really good. It's FFB even though not revolutionary is something that you can tweak to suit your preferences and it's fantastic when you do.Its problem is its annoying ""race2play"" (a play on ""free 2 play"") UI and it also only has a very few free cars and even fewer free tracks. I bought its GT Masters and DTM 2014 experiences and, man, those are fantastic. They should make separate games for those (but give it free to us who bought them here in RRE). Or at least let us configure the game to select a default ""experience"" during startup.AI in this game seems good. They don't display the ""blind AI"" or ""AI without the I for intelligence"" of other racing games and simulations.Currently this game is still missing some polish on the HUD elements. Like the sector split times really huge and distracting when we only need to know if we're going faster or slower for the current lap. The position bar's fonts look horrible. Those things are really well done on their older games (Race series) so I hope they could really improve this area of the game. Currently those look ugly in comparison to the rest of the game that I turn them off at the expense of feedback since the game does not have a race engineer to tell you what's going on.Update: It's been years that this game has been in ""beta"" and it feels like the developers are using it as an excuse for the game's shortcomings. The major thing I dislike about this game is its absolutely terrible long loading times. Even if I mostly just use it for single player racing it seems to be getting data from its servers and that takes long. Sometimes the load times are OK, most of the time it's like the game has crashed and you'll be left staring at a load screen.Once it has loaded it's got great AI though. This is still my favorite racing sim."
76561198121309202,Recommended,211500,29425282,Posted: 22 January,all,DaleJSmith,"I am very impressed with Raceroom Ex. I isntalled it and ran it. I drove great from minute 1, no fuss, no muss, just drive and have fun. The car setups are very easy to drive and the graphics are on par with the state of the art. I totally recommend it.  I t is nice to be able to race hard with friends with no troubles at all."
76561198027893918,Recommended,211500,21102596,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,StregoX7,"This is the best racing simulation game I've ever played. It's free to play, and the initial package is good. The DLC is great too. Every serious sim-racer should try it. Since it is free, what have you got to lose."
76561198268557437,Recommended,211500,20124891,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,eapaz14,The sound in this game and in the DTM DLC is better than in any racing game ever. Combine it with very solid physics and it's one of the best I've ever played. Seriously massive fun.
,Recommended,211500,13152263,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,russlar,"Greatly improved. I played a bit in June and was let down overall. Recent updates have overhauled the menu system (yay) and improved the in-game feel of the cars, as well as added aditional free content.This is still a free-to-play title, with everything that that entails. However, the DTM dlc's are basically separate games that launch from the main menu. And, the 2013 DTM content is playable from within the main R3E."
76561198047760067,Recommended,211500,17388622,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Sane,"Best Race Sim package on the marked right now. There is no way around R3E.Real racing seriesesWonderfull content options. You only need to buy what you actually drive. Want to join GT3? 3 bucks for your favourite car and you are in. ( I am kinda lying here: You need tracks as well. The sum will still be well below a full price title.)Best Sound in genre.Best AI in genre.Physics are SimBin quality.Multiplayer is top notch.I played pretty much all Sims in past and present, besides AC, which does not come close in terms of content.Ignore reviewers, who do not understand the economic model of the game."
76561197970567275,Recommended,211500,18126165,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Enigma_One,Fun game great physics model. Gets expensive buying all the add-ons.
76561198077898866,Recommended,211500,23075502,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,NBLKNGHT,I feel like I'm a professional racer! Great response and feedback from the cars with wheel and pedals. Love the real world dynamics and game play. I strongly recommend this game for serious racers.
76561198045643962,Recommended,211500,21570595,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Angry K9,"Before i start i need to ell you that this should neither have thumbs up or down.(Expand the page for the more positive stuff)At first i posted a negative review because  of its STUPID FREE TO PLAY mecanic and how they charge crasy amounts of money to play more than the bad cars (that i have not tuched since i bought DTM Experience) on Raceroom Raceway and Portimao to be able to really enjoy the game. just take a track for example, a less known and popular track costs 3€ and a legendary track like SPA and Monza costs 5€. And the cars, just to buy 1 car (with all paintjobs for it) it costs 3€. To not pay as much i recomend buying one of the EXPERIENCE packs like DTM and ADAC to get some good cars and tracks.Apart from that stupid pay system the game is good. they update the game regulary and are adding new things now and then. The physics are good but not perfict. The sound is great. The visuals are amazing. The adaptive AI should mark a milestone in racing sims and are the greatest feature. If you pay for the stuff in game you will get an amazing game."
,Recommended,211500,19912602,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mr Ty,"There are some truly god aful reviews here. Not liking the game because you have to buy content is not a legitimate reason to leave a negative review.    You have to buy everything these days and why is that different here?   It's cost is comparative to any other title  when yuo add a few content packs into play.  Yes if you add them all you will spend more money then an entire game, you also end up with Laser Scanned tracks, some of the best driving physics a simulation hasGraphically the game is a little behind but it IMO actually does a great job at looking the most realistic and providing most realistic feel when racing.    RF2 does an ok job here but being DX9 only is a hold back.  AC is gorgeous but not real,  Project Cars looks like a video game.  PC looks the best, but also has the worst driving model and is not realistic in look at all.If you enjoyed Race 07, GTR2, and GTR Evolution you will like RRE.  To me this is the spiritual success of these  titles and I will continue to support both Simbing/Sector3 and ISI and their Gmotor efforts.   Ian and Project Cars well lets just say I have PCars but ill never buy it."
76561198263790802,Recommended,211500,28343692,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Larroid,This game has really improved I would put it among some of the best sims racing games out there Thanks RaceRoom
,Recommended,211500,31031257,Posted: 8 April,all,numl0ck,"Is nice!..Great driving, ffb and some amazing cars. I'd recommend trying the DTM'92 and Group 5 packs.No question RRE has the best in-game sounds!.If you're familiar with rF or some of the simBin titles you'll feel right at home with r3e as far as driving/feeling goes.Runs well and sadly that is something you don't get to say all that much about games these days.Could have a much more thought out UI/menu system.REALLY! wish they'd support modding as that seems to keep games going for a hell of long time (RBR, rF, GTL)at the same time it brings new people in every once in a while."
,Recommended,211500,16928667,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Frank Bomans,"hey Project Cars,go ♥♥♥♥ yourself"
,Recommended,211500,34085185,Posted: 7 August,all,iMikeTheK1ng,"Raceroom Racing Experience (I will call it R3E for the rest of this review) has come a long way from its beginning days in a good way. Before I talk about the positives of the game, I would like to address some of the negative aspects of the game (remember this is my opinion and yours may differ).CONS:1. The F2P model. The F2P model is more that the game has free base content but you will have to buy the rest of the content unless you are a fast enough racer to consistently win Competitions (more on this later). I have yet to earn vRP (the currency used to purchase content) because I am not fast enough to win Competitions and you earn 0 by actually playing the game whether it is offline or online.2. The ""simulation"". The realism in this game definitely is there (more on this later) but some bugs/design choices make me feel like it isn't a complete sim. Wearing down the tires takes too long even through prolonged abuse and the damage model being too forgiving, are two of the most notable issues I have with the simulation aspect of this game.3. Online. This game allows people from all over the world to participate in online race events and that is great but it does create laggy races. I personally have joined race servers where even though my ping is 90ms, it feels like my ping is signifacntly higher than that because the cars with lower ping don't look as smooth on the track. Nothing is wrong with those cars but my ping makes other cars look weird which sometimes leads to phantom contact (two carboxes collide even though the car models do not touch).PROS:1. The ""simulation"". The cars handle realistic pattern and some of that I attribute to the real world racers that give feedback to the developers who then turn that feedback to make the cars handle that much better.2. The sound. The audio in this game is the best out of any racing game that I have ever played. The engine audio sounds great with a great capture of low, mid, and high sounds. Tire sounds give you fantastic audio feedback. My favorite sound is when your car drives into the gravel and you can hear what sounds like small pieces of gravel hitting different parts of the car. It makes the Forza series, which has always been applauded for its audio, look a bit behind.3. The Competitions. I used to dislike leaderboard hot-lapping but that all changed with this game. Competitions is a game mode where the developers have preset challenges of who can run the fastest time with a certain car and track combo. Some of these ""competitions"" use new cars and tracks (a way to drive new cars and tracks without owning the content) and challenges the community to see who can adapt and be the quickest. Some of the other ""competitions"" are sponsored by actual companies and over a several week competition that also goes to different tracks every week, the winner gets a prize. For example, there is currently a WTCC competition, where the top 30 or so drivers at the end of the competition compete in a final race. The prizes include cash and tickets to WTCC race(s).4. The AI. After an update to the AI (a couple of months back from the time of this review), the offline experience got a signifcant increase. The AI are aggressive, use slightly different lines, and have a much larger difficulty adjustment for players of most skill levels being able to enjoy a nice race against computers. It reminds me of rFactor 2 AI which is another racing game with fantastic AI (probably the best but that is for another review).I would definitely recommened this game because the pros outweigh the cons, in my opinion."
76561198073158822,Recommended,211500,13386055,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,fossos,I didn't like that there is no advanced settings if you choose the keybord for control.
,Recommended,211500,14805784,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DappaPappyBingBong,This Game got me to buy a wheel. Its very funny reading all the noobs put hurt on this game becuase its to hard !  If u love racing and hill climb get this game. PS the free game is great u don't even have to spend dosh lots of free content.
76561197996809884,Recommended,211500,29895856,Posted: 13 February,all,rmissale,"I must say since coming back to race room after having been away for awhile, i am quite impressed with the physics. very big improvement. feeling alot more thru the wheel!  the cars and tracks are very well done. having to purchase cars and tracks i don't care for so much, but you can purchase just a few at a time. overall very impressed!"
,Recommended,211500,13471399,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[RIP]Mental™,"superb game, highly recommend, and its free!"
76561198333127355,Recommended,211500,29962664,Posted: 16 February,all,JOHNY103,it is a good graphic game it can be a little difficult to pass people but practise a little more and it gets easyer.and if you like mesing arround then carsh all you want whith the no penaltys setting and watch your funny replay.so i consider getting this game.
,Recommended,211500,31838029,Posted: 19 May,all,albusorin,"Nice physics, nice cars(but a little expensive), nice network races, if you want a great simulator,..well this is one of the best!"
76561197973115459,Recommended,211500,22211814,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Baker,"I am really enjoying this alot.Had this on steam years ago but didn't actually play much and never bought any content that seems at the time rather highly priced.Sometime or another an update wrecked my FFB and I uninstalled and forgot about it.Now about 2 years later I try it again.It really is very nice and very immersive.Buying 1 pack from stream and then later much cheaper now when I buy ingame store. I guess a big part of that is content I now already own from buying that first pack, so in the end prices are really not too bad.I am enjoying driving at Nordschleife with this sim much more than I ever did with either AC or Pcars.The combination of great sound, graphics, forcefeedback and overall feel really puts you in the driving mood.The new update has a massive improvement to the AI.  This just got a whole lot better"
76561197986289799,Not Recommended,211500,22931284,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,peter,Server down. No Game. Dont make my mistake and give your money to sector 3!!Assetto Corsa is better and it works!!
,Recommended,211500,29825892,Posted: 10 February,all,pook¡e,Great racing game
,Recommended,211500,32456594,Posted: 15 June,all,KrK ColeusRattus,A quick look at R3Es VR support:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXQFCdIclYI&t
76561197994073969,Recommended,211500,9507226,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Captainslow,"Even at this BETA  stage, I recommend it.  Superb graphics, immersive feel.  Hold off on DTM Experience until SimBin provides sliders to adjust AI.  Right now, as of this date, AI is not very adaptive and is just too easy.  As well, the game needs more detail as a simulation.  I want to know what my tire temps are so that I can know how to set up my suspension etc etc."
,Recommended,211500,29752504,Posted: 6 February,all,RREC_BlaZin-W4RBo$$,"First things first;  This is no Arcade Racer. Its a Racing Simulator. That means its content is more ""geared"",.. lol,... towards, reality racing.Now, I don't understand why a lot of people would say any game is broken, when the problem, is their hardware. The only reason I could see fit to complain, would be if the devs, make changes to the game's system requirements, that make it so you can no longer play the game, without spending more money, on new hardware (This is made Worse, if the game is an upfront paid for game to begin with)[Demos are excluded].If the game stops working on my system, I know that as long as I have all the files, downloaded (no missing or corrupted files), that something within my system has changed. NOT THE GAME. LOL Especially, if others are able to still run the game. Really come, now!!! Why would you even fix you thoughts, to blame the game, if you yourself, have it running on another system within your own home? Not to mention that your friends are ""NOT"" having any of your issues. Why are you so unlucky, so the game is just bad for everyone else also!?I'm thumbing up for this game. Oh yeah, wait,... Pay to win. Its free now with 11 cars and 4 tracks. It was like that from what I remember. I just recently found this out a few days ago myself. Double thumbing now. Pay to win with a game that's free to Start playing, I've looked around the game and found the Platinum Pack deal,... (while it could be better priced),... Ok and do-able, though I haven't bought it yet [Everything is included in the Pack]. Now your Free to Start Playing / so-called Pay to 2 Win game can be Just a paid for game, with full content.  So, yes! I'm wanting to ""BUY"" the game. I'm just saying all this imo. I think that what makes a p2w game is when getting certain paid content delivers a big advantage over f2p players, and when that certain paid content is unreasonably expensive.But, once again, this all mopoGood job, Sector 3 Studios/Simbin Studios!"
,Recommended,211500,7243465,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,YannickGK,difflicult gameplay :(Nice Graphics :)
76561198000926395,Recommended,211500,23811420,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Petreya,I reccommend this game the paid content is far better than the free cars and 1/2 prices cars u can get cars and track really cheap at the moment..Also make sure the game works b4 u put money into it.. check the forums something may fix an isssue u have...also a common problem the 503 error not able to connect should hopefully be fixed in upcomming itergration patch with steam so u dont need a seperate log in ..going to my documents games and deleted the simbin fold fixed my log in problem which i think was caused by a computer crash while game was running .. also one of the free tracks is pretty good .. and a hill climb free track .. and u can test drive cars b4 u buy them for a couple of laps.. so not like iracing u have to buy and hope ... this is a lot cheaper and more fun in my opinion tho i still use the iracing for other stuff like ovals.. nascar ...this has wtcc which iracing doesnt and a lot more gt3 cars  (13) ... plus the dtm series
,Recommended,211500,28226271,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,bgeneto,"By far the best racing simulator on steam in terms of physics and driving feeling. Slightly inferior graphics than PC or AC, because it focus on racing realism: excellent tyres and aero model, for example. Lots of FF options to finetune. Definitely a must have racing game."
,Recommended,211500,30124955,Posted: 23 February,all,ralfsxd,yes coz its cool but when you try to go forward it goes spaming
,Recommended,211500,31449582,Posted: 29 April,all,mattcorbyny,"Forget the pricing model, it's not the best, get over it!  This is the most underrated racing sim on Steam, hands down.  I use a triple monitor setup with a GTX 760, Intel i5, and Logitech Driving Force GT with added clutch pedal.Compared to rFactor 2: RaceRoom blows it away with graphics, but I think the physics in rFactor is a small knotch more realistic.Compared to Automobilista:  more modern feeling, can't exactly explain why, but RaceRoom just feels more nuanced.Compared to Project Cars:  Project Cars graphics are better, but the physics are a bit ""simcade"" for my taste.Compared to Assetto Corsa:  These two games are tied for my favorite sim racers.  I would consider them very similar sims.Compared to iRacing: don't know, I'm not a fan of the subscription pricing model because the cost is astronomical in the long run.  How much would I have paid for my Atari games by now if they were subscription pricing?  I'm not a big fan of DLC or DRM at all, for that matter, but the subscription pricing is the worst, in my opinion.Compared to everything: the audio for this game is the gold standard.  If you are a hardcore sim racer, and own all the others, get this for the audio experience, if nothing else.  I mean, it is free.  The few cars and tracks are enough to keep you entertained for a while, and there is also a $10 DLC package with a lot of stuff."
,Recommended,211500,29064394,Posted: 6 January,all,a.kozlitin,Briliant FFB make you feel every single time when the car is geting oversteer and understeer!Good Physics and Best sound engine on market!Im owner of bmw m series and i can tell that i feel where comfortable with bmw in R3E!Feels realistic !To bad that doesnt have more race tracks !Hope you will do Dubai autodrome laser scan in future!
76561198133249589,Recommended,211500,24844674,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,triple-kalle,"Great experience!Most of the cars feels ""easy"" to drive at high speeds, and i mean it like they seem to be smooth just like the real ones, Ive seen too many racing games where you reach the top speed and the car starts to wobble like its made of jelly! Seriously!? these cars are built to be stable aS ♥♥♥♥ at top speeds! and in overall the handling feels solid and you can adjust these cars endlessly. One of the few CON´s i can think is that it still sometimes feels kinda un-polished (dont mean the cars alone) and there could be more players in multiplayer... and speaking of multiplayer, most of the drivers there seems to drive clean. Sure there are some rammers but they are the ones who generally get bored of the game very early.It also has the finest track ever made!You can complain about the pricing of the cars but atleast you can just buy one car from each group (and test it before buying)So overall i think this is the best racing game at the moment. AND the sound effects leave any other car game light years behind!Try it, buy it, love it!"
,Recommended,211500,24397907,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Johan Reynvoet,"1500+ hours of play-time...Time for a review :)So, in the past i've written early review and i was'nt alway's happy about the progress of fixing problems... But ater a while now i've discovered it is best to wait before commenting, people are'nt always up-to-date with the reported bugs! When so, an update is in the making!As for the gameplayDepending on your in-game graphic settings, the experience can be altered by adding more or less options.Play Single Player (multiple modes available) to practice when your friends are offline!When online?Just battle each other :)My gamegear (min recommanded for medium to high experience):- Intel core i5- Nvidia GTX 760- Memory: 16 gb- Thrustmaster T500RS with F1 steeringweel addon, TH8 shifter and Pedals with brakemod- Crew ChiefV4- Some additional packs from RaceRoom Store"
76561198058267798,Not Recommended,211500,9629845,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,clampetts2011,i only got one car not 3 an 1 track  and can only practic
76561198149246173,Not Recommended,211500,14508002,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,toeknee63,"I'll start off my review by sharing an overall feeling and then list some pros' and cons' afterwards. Overall I would not recommend this game for a few reasons such as the cost modelling, undeveloped multiplayer and very poor customer support. Such a shame because this game had such promise only to fall flat on its' face.Pros' - Decent, not great, selection of cars especially packs like DTM and ADAC GT Masters.- Industry benchmark for sounds which intensifies the immersion.- Very few flaws visually, but not quite to Assetto Corsa / Project Cars standards.- Decent selection of tracks with more content on the way.-Very few issues I had with wheel connectivity and settings right out of the gate.Cons' - Cost modelling system similar to IRacing , much cheaper than IRacing but also none of the benefits.- Multiplayer leaves something to be desired and they say as much upfront so think of it as early access.- Online game only so don't expect to play the game if their servers are down.- My biggest con = terrible customer support when things go wrong. To elaborate, approx. 2 weeks ago their main server and content server crashed, the game was unplayable and many like myself had paid content disappear for which i was not reimbursed with the content or given a refund. In fact, as of this writing I have yet to receive a reply to 2 support  / ticket claims and one e-mail. With price modelling like this, you'd think they would be more interested than normal to help their customer base. This is not the SIMBIN that you used to know. I highly recommend you pick up GSC instead and save your money and save yourself a headache !!!"
76561198047749455,Not Recommended,211500,15443631,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Upright,loading times suck. Everything has to load it would seem. Replays especially
,Recommended,211500,2224372,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,k0fe,"Not much free content, but the game itself is a good product."
76561198054274086,Not Recommended,211500,5696732,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,ExiaRS,"Great franchise ruined by F2P cr@p! 5 € for a track? Really Simbin?!RR > RACE 07 - graphics is better, but that wasn't hard to achieve after 5 years.RACE 07 > RR  - everything else.I won't write why F2P model sucks. No. There are other things which completely ruin experience, too.Menu design is super ugly, terrible, broken and confusing. Big wheel design is super idiotic console  thing. What this s.it is doing in pure PC game is beyond reason. It's one of the worst menu designs I ever saw! And my eyes are hurt every time I have to navigate in menu because of terrible font rendering. And then, game doesn't see my gamepad. Really? It works perfectly fine in RACE 07. Contoller setup is poorer from 07, too. I can't drive properly because of lack of many options from 07.Game has ALWAYS ONLINE DRM!!!NOT RECOMMENDED!!!UpdateI tried it first time after February because of sale. Gamepad now works. Still super ugly and confusing menus. Auto-shifting is broken - it goes up auto, but you have to manually shift down. Still only time trials.Update II 5th July, 2014.Sound is the best among racing simulations! It's just oustanding.They introduced Competitions which is great way to experience content you don't own and if you are excellent driver, you can win various things. Kudos for that.I installed game again because there is 50% summer sale, and Simbin sent month ago some free vRPs (I got 800) mostly for people who don't play it anymore.Now some bad things. You need to drive PERFECTLY in time trials! You read it right. Even if you slightly hit off road and I mean you didn't cut curve, your lap time is invalid! Ha ha ha, NO! Solution - drive as amateur in Leaderboard Challenge, then it's like old RACE 07.And then, there is a bug (reported by others) which put my PC into hibernation and then just restart it. WTF?!"
,Recommended,211500,30119036,Posted: 23 February,all,aTe,"Great game overall.Sounds are really good and I love them, I don't know how realistic they are but they sure sound good.I also like the graphics, they are not Project cars material, but they say that good simulation games never have shocking graphics. I also really like them and I think they look really pretty on this game.I don't know how real racing car handles and feels but this game feels good (I'm using Logitech G920 wheel).But as free game this is merely a Demo, and unlocking everything does have a price."
76561198008513739,Recommended,211500,22378438,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SKIDROW,I got this  on steam when it was still a baby.  It has now grown into a giant. You can tweak this game to your heart’s desire. What a brilliant simulator  it has become. I always favored rFactor2 but I must say Raceroom has now taken the lead. This really is the best racing  sim you can buy. Project cars feels like a console game and AC like a boat simulator. Keep up the good work Sector 3!!!!
,Not Recommended,211500,17953137,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,KiwiNightmare,the game is pretty looking/sounding  pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥the AI are indestructable Objects.
76561197998557777,Not Recommended,211500,9181581,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Munchk1n,"I really thought this would be the next gen Simulation racer that all PC gamers are looking for, while it has all the right stuff, decent graphics, not the best, but much better than the likes of Race 07 and other Sim bin games. The sounds are great too, and the physics are great, but it's missing the most essential element: Multiplayer.On this basis alone I cannot recommend this game, you can only do time trials so many times and for so long. Another big reason why I won't recommend this game is because, although this game is free to play, the micro transaction system is too expensive. I have done the math and nothing is worth paying that amount of money for, you even have to pay for the realism mode, I mean, who does that on a supposed racing sim?The free stuff is not enough to keep you going for more than a few hours, there just isn't enough free content to even make this a viable free to play option.Also, the big attraction to Race 07 and other titles are all the mods you can get, this game does not support modding, so it seems, and you have to pay for everything you want, this I'm sure has detered many previous Sim Bin fans.If Sim Bin are prepared to drop the prices on all their tracks and cars, and introduce multiplayer, or at least bot cars, then I will consider reviewing my recommendation.Edit: Even on 50% Easter sale on all cars and tracks, I decided it wasn't worth it. Perhaps if Sim Bin put a 50% discount on the DTM experience, then I may just buy that, as the DTM Experience opens the Beta multiplayer  mode."
76561198112968711,Not Recommended,211500,14836451,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,michaelopp1962,I THANK  YOU SHOD BEABLE TO PLAY OFF  LINE AND OWN THE CONTENT
76561198237699762,Not Recommended,211500,24314255,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,krissy.attewell,"sort out your game , keeps bloody crashing , beyond a joke now neo this and that"
,Not Recommended,211500,24329289,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,jun,"It was good previously un recently it keeps on crashed, crashed & crashed. Can't even play. And every little things need to pay, pay and pay."
76561198083691425,Recommended,211500,30352758,Posted: 6 March,all,case4890,it is a good game only if people would race insteed of wrecken you
76561198030053369,Recommended,211500,31312645,Posted: 22 April,all,JakiBoi,m kjjjikuuyguiuiiuoioipoo
76561197965374380,Not Recommended,211500,9824640,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,MeNotMe,Give us GTR 3 and cut the c**p plz
,Not Recommended,211500,9396637,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ayrton,Worst game i have ever played.. Totoal waist
76561198213384260,Not Recommended,211500,29808741,Posted: 9 February,all,Loki,Race sim with no game attributes. You def. need a geek 1000 Steeringweel.Game feel is dry and clean as a doctors appointment.You would need to spend a lot of  Money befor even a bit of the Content is availible.
,Not Recommended,211500,29622129,Posted: 31 January,all,✪ Kylito,"It's sad too see that the term ""Free To Play"" pretty much means nothing but Mico-Transactions.. This game has an incredibly engine and I found it really really fun but then again I can't really love a game that expects me to pay for a car and then ontop of that have too pay for a livery for each car (the same price as the car itself) It's a complete let down and it goes too show how much Micro-Transactions have infected all of the ""Cool"" free to play games these days. I would never recommend this game to any of my friends. Just because I wouldn't expect them too pay money for a FREE TO PLAY GAME!"
,Not Recommended,211500,19227300,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,hyp36rmax,"I truly wanted to like this game and invested time and money to purchase the car and track bundles. The game is fun when the servers are working and you don't get hit with the dreaded 503 server error that keeps you from logging in to play.  What's worse is if you purchased any of the DTM or ADAC experience Add-On's, only to find out they are also UNAVAILABLE when the server is out.  I suggest looking into Assetto Corsa, Project Cars, or even iRacing (considering it's designed online only and much more consistent in providing a fulfilling experience)  Thread carefuly."
76561198007624540,Not Recommended,211500,29481297,Posted: 25 January,all,moving-target,"Great game, great forcefeedback, good graphics, nice selection of DLC which imho is worth the money, BUT...no offline mode so far. If servers are down for maintenance or due to other circumstances, you cannot even play single player races or championships.Although I am enjoying this sim a lot, I can not recommend it at the moment."
76561197985869478,Not Recommended,211500,23017834,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Miky,"games fails to launch. tried all possible fixes (recommended by developer and users)the request refund button does not work in steam.running a win 10 with 16 gb ram, i7 6th gen and 2gb nvidia video cardMy recomandation is not to buy this game - stay away"
,Not Recommended,211500,14955949,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,djfree00,"JUST paid for latest DLC from steam and its not showing up in game ?RaceRoom - DTM 1992 Car Packsteam needs to make it clearly visable so people that invest lots of money in games ,don;t stop buying from them and stop playing games on pc ,and PS4 instead. plz fix this problem"
,Not Recommended,211500,31139545,Posted: 14 April,all,Rigor Mortis,"Damn RaceRoom sucks.Once again i leave the game without having played, cause every time i join a race, i have to leave the race to setup my Fanatec Wheelbase and pedals all over.....When i had my G27, there was no preoblem, but for two years now i have had to do the   setup every time."
,Recommended,211500,30155013,Posted: 24 February,all,Typo,The controls for the keyboard are terrible and I dont know how to change them but for a free to play game its got good graphics
76561197999657616,Not Recommended,211500,26621554,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,szellj®♪♫♠,"another update whith problems ,sector 3 is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke."
76561198038871937,Recommended,211500,24664491,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Scalpul,Hey people ! Race room is the coolest race game ever come on join us dont waste timethe graphics and game are great.hurry dnt miss out.
76561198075813511,Recommended,211500,29836527,Posted: 10 February,all,Mirkuryzer0,This is just like forza
76561198352523703,Not Recommended,211500,29730947,Posted: 5 February,all,johnnymichalak,even at the minimum reqirements i cound not play the game. it would load in all the bits but as soon as i would press a key it would crash. i would not recommend this game for anyone using a gtx 550 ti or lower with this game
76561198327074467,Recommended,211500,30152912,Posted: 24 February,all,Mei Is A Cuck,dece
76561198261188866,Not Recommended,211500,19448537,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,shaun clifton,Game does not work at all
76561198008279630,Not Recommended,211500,26407550,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DwightKShrute,"What a pile of crap. FFB is horrendous, the physics aren't anywhere near rFactor or AC. You can't trail brake w/o the car's tail coming out from under you. I tried doing a hill climb event. Each time I try to start, I get DQ'd for a false start. If I could refund it, I would. Don't waste your $$"
,Not Recommended,211500,29586173,Posted: 30 January,all,Mamba,Pay2Play
76561198061294315,Not Recommended,211500,17862106,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Motherbrain,"Here are the reasons I don’t recommend this game.1. you better have a wheel or a Xbox remote, as the mouse and keyboard configurations are frustrating and useless, which brings us to point 2...2. You don’t have ABS/assisted steering options, so even of you did have an Xbox remote you would still be spinning out all over the place, the system in the game that prevents you from spinning the tires makes the engine sputter and surge and it sounds GOD AWFUL! Ruins the experience!3. 99 percent of the games content needs to be purchased, which is fine. For one the game is perfectly playable with the content they give you and two you wont want to buy any of the content anyway... because the game would be uninstalling by then.4. Forza Motorsports. That’s right; Forza! Why play this when we have Forza??? :-/2 out of 5 stars for ""Race Doom"". 2 stars for the attention to detail, ruined by pathetic game play.Got the itch to race cars? Go get Forza4... Or Forza Horizon... or Forza5... (or Forza6 for the now much older people that actuly dug and found this review...)"
,Not Recommended,211500,14762514,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,SimGamerNerd,"Have not been able to enjoy this yet, as DK2 support is shocking. One of the worst implementation of VR I have ever exprienced. As it stands with this dire support I would not recommend this game. Either you implement VR right or don't bother."
76561197992988457,Not Recommended,211500,12105431,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,VedoHWB,"I am very dissapointed in this sim when it comes to car handling / physix. Also, the graphics are great until you switch to the interior cam, the interiors of the cars are very poorly lit, the materials have almost no bump, reflection etc.Do yourself a favor, skip this and buy Assetto Corsa."
76561197968029414,Not Recommended,211500,13607540,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pcsinclair72,"I know this is only beta, but I still paid $30 for and I expect to be able to actually get in a play the game went I want to. I just want to play single player atm I don't want play against anyone else (I dont have the consistant bandwidth to play online). Can I do that? Well, no. I continually receive a 503 Portal error or the 5222 error. I can't even connect to/play the game that is sitting on my computer!I have played the game three times for about 30 mins each. Now I can't even get into the game. I am not very happy. Why the hell can't I just get into the single player mode without having to go through all the internet authentication every damn time! However, when I have played it has been pretty darn good.Would I recommend this game? At the moment, no I can't."
,Not Recommended,211500,12869205,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,RiCK ™MadCaT,"Warning!The DMT experience includes a huge store only with cars and track to buy. All you get is 3 boring vehicles and 2 tracks. THere is nobody racing online, so... just download the illegal version.Big scam!- Dirt2 Forever! -"
,Not Recommended,211500,23886444,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BeyondAeon,"What I hate about this game:1.  Finding a car , there is no list of ""Cars you can drive, just Lots of cars to Buy,  I know I own some, But I can never find them2. Screen setup & Resolution   where is 1680x1050x60 ?3.  Music is SOO LoudGameplay ? , I'll get back to you on it , If I can get it setup.but right now I'm going to play Project CARS"
76561198079371406,Not Recommended,211500,12090104,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,jbardwell96,just pure rubbish
76561198271974420,Not Recommended,211500,29654594,Posted: 2 February,all,drawer3390,this game is trashpros+ looks goodcons- crappy controls- borring- unplayible after 40 minutes of gameplay2/10
76561198228855032,Not Recommended,211500,29533144,Posted: 27 January,all,Palmy,"installed, booted it up, it just kept cycling the intro montage/music, couldnt skip it AT ALL, uninstalled. crap."
76561198348954315,Not Recommended,211500,30357170,Posted: 6 March,all,GTDnipro,"Good immersion, good real photorealistic tracks, good sound, real race series DTM, ADAC and WTCC. Good for time attack. BUT FOR RACE WITH AI - ABSOLUTELY NO!!!  AI - blind blockheads who ride on railway! AI cars remind me blind engine drivers. Really the game developers can not put them eyes? This game is a simulator? Why does AI do not see me and hit from behind and to the side when I find myself on their way? This makes the game ABSOLUTELY NOT PLAYABLE!!!"
76561198278240665,Not Recommended,211500,29407494,Posted: 21 January,all,Kaykay12235,Dosnt work
76561198040703006,Not Recommended,211500,29412930,Posted: 21 January,all,Mitsubishi (:,Dont even bother download
76561198273204085,Not Recommended,211500,29571651,Posted: 29 January,all,Jasiewicz,Very bad game.
,Not Recommended,211500,29691579,Posted: 4 February,all,Jeroen,This game.... i spend ALL the 0.9 hours attempting to play the game but.. the game just doesnt work for me. i think this game is broken or something i think you should NOT try this game at all. i searched all the settings and tried all the buttons on my keyboard trying to start the car but the it doesnt work. i dont recommend this game because you CANT even start the car.EDIT: it taked a long time to download too...
76561198321037472,Not Recommended,211500,29721295,Posted: 5 February,all,_NightDarkComing_,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198053856550,Not Recommended,211500,29571553,Posted: 29 January,all,isa_randall,"stupid game , like driving hadny cap"
,Not Recommended,211500,29860584,Posted: 11 February,all,Rockybarry,Unplayable without a wheel.
76561198327333226,Not Recommended,211500,30232160,Posted: 27 February,all,mikejamesdavies2003,i  cant get it working with my rift . i start stem vr then load it but it dont show image in rift .pls help
76561198158302405,Not Recommended,211500,30248023,Posted: 28 February,all,Nicktheprick,"Why does happen that in realistic settings, the track even when it is dry, you slip instantly and do a 180 and crash"
,Not Recommended,211500,30203140,Posted: 26 February,all,ehale201113,don't waste your time with is crappy game
,Not Recommended,211500,30211625,Posted: 26 February,all,sbondo1234,g
76561198063662139,Recommended,211500,22991005,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,noburocho,"This is the successor of Race07 from Simbin. From all other racing simulators I have, such as Asseto, Project Cars, Rfactor2, Automobilista, Raceroom has the best force feedback ever. Door to Door disputes are incredibly felt over the wheel, as well track irregularities and kerbs. Engine vibrations and even sudden brakes. Also the immersion is one of the best and the AI is very competitive. What is a con here is the price of all features presented and not many tracks offerred. Anyway, I have changed my mind over this simulator and I am considering it positive as I have lots of fun even offline with the AI."
76561198019691962,Recommended,211500,16764122,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Wolfenmark,"The game has definitely some potential. You can see it there. Quite nice and smooth graphics (little bit old but for mid-to-high spec PCs it's fair enough to race online maxed out without major stuttering, try it, it's free :P), interesting choices of licenses (WTCC and DTM are some of my favourites). Decent FFB though i have to admit I didn't take the time to set it up as maniacally as I did in Assetto Corsa or other titles (and I have no RL track racing experience, judging it only on the amount of info to help you get the most out of the car). Good sounds and effects even if sometimes quite ""artificial"".I'm not a big fan of the payment model (Want everything? You have to pay TOO much. And I don't like overlapping content that you have to buy more than once if you want it available for single/multy, even if at a very high discount rate if already owned in a form or another). Prices for individual pieces of content are reasonable though, if you consider it's a sim. Can pay for a track/car pack and race in a series or just cherry pick what is of your interest and run it (with a good saving early on, but less content in the long run).Big problem: very few people playing it online (monitored different times during the free weekend and had an average of 200-250 players online at the same time scattered on different servers/series/tracks, only a handful of fields worth a try, less if you own only partial content or like only some series).To conclude, as a general rule of thumb, take care when you choose to buy experiences (complete series packs) if you want to race online. Almost desert servers in 2 out of 3 that I own and tried. They're good only for discounts on multiplayer content of same class/series if you're into buying much stuff of that pack (mainly tracks if you stick to a single car of that category). They're still nice and fun for single player against AI if you like complete series/championships with accurate liveries and so on (did I mention the discount on multiplayer part?) but didn't investigate this possibility too much. If some of you has any further insight on this I will update the review.Definitely worth installing and trying out some of the non-free content to feel the experience. Hope in the future they manage to get more people into it and have some good online race battles. The potential is there, let's see if it can be developed into something..."
76561197970377792,Recommended,211500,15191855,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,spoon66,"I decided to change my review of Raceroom.After now playing most of the other games / sim AC ,RF2  & the older Simbin game's I have had time to see some major forwards step since Simbin changed to  Sector 3 racing .Al this years updates have changed this game & set new levals across the board.Better sounds , yes Better than what already the best sound engine out there .The FFB is also 2nd to none even with older wheel like the G27 it shines .The whole package as been improved , now including online that is still only alpha or early Beta that knocks most other racing game into touch.Yes still the big moaning isssue for most is the odd why they sell DLC . but once you understand that buying two packs that contain lots of the same items track wise , is not doubling up on the payments , that in fact Sector 3 will credit you for doubled up content so there should me no risks of paying for the same tracks twice over.The money you save can be then used to buy extra cars or packs should you choose to.Yes there is quite a bit of lame content add's in the cut screens & loading screens for DLC.That is bit off putting so is the fact that only fraction of their content is been sold via steam , so the content you buy via staem is only covered by your Steam account & not directly through Sector 3 . I have no idea what the on- going deal with  Sector § & Steam is but its is a little messy .I like buying my items via the Steam Card service I find this a lot safer than having to have my credit card details stuck on a Steam server waiting the next big hacking accounts scandle.So I hope Sector 3 decide to push more stuff onto steam as that is the only way I will be buying more content from them in the long term.The overal cost could be high should you want every car & track , But most have a pick & mix approch & stick with their favorite cars .You only need one car from ever race series along with the tracks & bingo you can race in any event held online.If you are realy good & can race realy fast then you should try the challanges that offer a wide range of prizes both in game credits or even hardware.So I see this now as better value than the year in year out serial fest of the likes of F1 games.Or the over hyped & money making Project Cars the former out part of Simbin now SMS.For the most part you can not fault the game engine ,The sounds are the bestThe cars drive & handle well.AI has improve by a large margin form this time last year.The menus could still do with some work.FFB is some of the best out there with lot tweaking to be had in the setting screen.Online is very advanced for what is still Alpha standards.Every update this year as improved the game.Its not perfect they still need to make batter sales platform, but you get a lot for what you pay for it & you only need to add the content you want to & you can still race online."
76561198117992270,Not Recommended,211500,20250514,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,alvarok,"This game has a huge potential, but it is wasted by the horrid UI and menu, performance bugs, unstable servers that do not allow to play when they don't feel in the mood.I was expecting a ToCA2 like game, but this is a half baked game that should be put in the ""Early Access"" category."
,Recommended,211500,20208556,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Van2k_Oda,"nice game, i really like this game so muchgood graphics and good soundbut i don't like microtransaction on this game because its killing meeverything we need to pay for a new track or a new car17GB is only filled with paid contents and free contents is only for about 20% of it7/10 nice game for training"
76561198065046433,Recommended,211500,24421435,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,marshma11ow8,11/10
76561198170600398,Recommended,211500,23434734,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Roundyghetto2,"Very detailed, realistic and good looking. Overall awesome game. The DLCs could just be cheaper, they're way too expensive."
,Recommended,211500,24796408,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Rudder FPV,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMYO00jk5EI&index=5&list=PLUQ_jLXsfJDXvjT6zpIvIcxBU1n70RUO_R3E 1stPersonView DTM at Portimao Race side by side & Sideways AI 90%-----------------https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dc70QHXHwak&index=4&list=PLUQ_jLXsfJDXvjT6zpIvIcxBU1n70RUO_R3E1stPersonView BMW M3 GT2 at ZanVoort Race side by side & Sideways with AI 95%-----------------https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zvSjsT8n0o&index=3&list=PLUQ_jLXsfJDXvjT6zpIvIcxBU1n70RUO_R3E 1stPersonView Audi R8 LMS at ZandVoort Race side by side and Sideways with AI 95%----------------R3E 1st Person View Collection:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUQ_jLXsfJDXvjT6zpIvIcxBU1n70RUO_
76561198152800681,Recommended,211500,20630296,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,og laurenzo,"how do you get vRP's i don't understand it, am sorry ...love this game :)...only i want more tracks,and why can you not chance the setup off the car in onlinemode/multiplayer..."
76561198215586716,Recommended,211500,20918945,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,saxerr,"If you are looking for a great, realistic sim racing game, look no further. The phyics in this game and how they are constantly improving on them is what some other titles should also try to do. The AI is the best in any game I own ATM and that includes Assetto Corsa and Project Cars. There is a large amount of content to purchase-which is not the best way to go about it, but, if you wait for the sales that Steam runs and Sector3 runs-it's not too bad for the authentic recreations of the tracks and cars. They have been improving on this title for some time now and there just a few more ""wish-list"" things that I would like to see in the title. Night racing, and weather are not included as of yet, and to be honest the weather doesn't really bother me too much. Would like to see night racing and it is supposed to be in-coming soon. There are a few tracks that are not available that I would like to see, and maybe in time they will make their way in. Most of the tracks included are well known and very well recreated. There are several different types of racing from WTCC to DTM and GT3 ADAC series as well as GT2 cars and classic cars from those disciplines as well. All in all the game is very solid except for the dreaded 503 error that has popped up more than I would like, and I do not play online, so, can't really give an opinion on that aspect of the game. There are many cars that are free in the game and a few tracks to try it before you buy it, and you can ""test drive"" ANY car in the game-albeit on the one track and for 5 minutes. There are several ""skill"" levels to choose from and the cars all handle different from each other. As it stands right now-I would recommend this title as it is developed by the team behind RACE 07 GTR 1&2- as well as other GREAT SIMBIN titles of yesterday."
,Recommended,211500,20731597,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,teabagjohn,"This game deserves a positive review. Back when the game launched it belonged to a different company and was a pile of garbage, as a result the reviews were mostly negative. Since then a lot has happened, and the most important thing is Sector 3. They took over RaceRoom and since then have been updating it on a monthly basis. New content, new features and fixes - basically all you'd ever want from a racing game is slowly coming to RaceRoom.RaceRoom used to be very DTM / GT3 focused but nowadays there are a lot of different vehicle classes available. Prototypes, touring cars, open wheel, GT3 and even some older ones. The game has pitstops, a good selection of tracks and very competitive AI. The driving feels great and the force feedback is fantastic. Graphics are solid but more importantly it runs with high framerate.There are still some things missing I'd like to see. So this is my wishlist:- Weather- Day / night cycle for endurance races- Pit strategies- A racing line that rubbers in over the race- Better damage model- More tracks and vehicles (Le Mans, Silverstone, Sebring are my favourites)- Proper triple monitor support"
76561197970620325,Recommended,211500,20736845,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Full Course Yellow,"I had very good espectations about RaceRoom, but what I found was, actually, a way better, more supperior game than I thought it will be!One thing it got my attention from the game was the actual sound effects. Brilliant. Its just superb. What a feel, what a difference! The graphics are great, the physics too. The whole thing is a true racing experience, but the sound... man, the sounds its what makes this game so good!!Don't be intimidated by the simulation factor, its an easy game to get into it if your looking casually for a racing game. But if you are a hardcored racing gamer, then YOU ARE GOING TO LOVE this title!!"
76561198065510045,Recommended,211500,20986362,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,dvltattoo,Good high quality racing sim.
76561197992433345,Recommended,211500,12391350,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,jackth,"At first I wrote a negative review of the game, but now after all the improvements I can truly say this is one of the best games on the market.Truly it is a gem."
76561198016640227,Recommended,211500,22695719,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[PRC].RICKSTER,Its a lot of fun but you dont get the feel from the car like you do in stock car extreame or more so rfactor 2.If you want to have some fun races this will deliver.
76561198081324341,Recommended,211500,22689661,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,flateric666,most realistic racing simulation from my point of view. iracing is too much cost
,Recommended,211500,20497489,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,iceman021,"I love it, it may not have the complete physics package that iRacing has, but the wheel to wheel racing, the sound (oh the sound) and the licenses, it really makes for a game that is seriously fun to play with physics I really enjoy.Yet to try multiplayer though.Pros- Sound- Race AI- Enjoyable physics, that feal right to me (all down to personal preference)- Control profiles work (CSW v2, CSP v3, TH8A)- Autonatically saves your replaysCons- Menus are clunky but semingly much better than previous iterations- Load and reload takes time, feels like single races are very isolated, no post race breakdown apart from basic. (No fastest lap etc.)- Maybe not 100% accurate physics but really enjoyable (CON for some)"
,Recommended,211500,20679119,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,wobblycaptain,I first played this about 8 months ago disliked it and turned it off.HOWEVER upon seeing recent video footage of the game i returned to see if anything had changed and wow i was hooked loving it.And at the moment its my No 1 most played racing game.Looking forward to more great content for this game in the future.I would recommend to anyone whom is thinking of playing this to use a wheel and pedals as its awesome.I purchased most content in a recent sale.
76561197993273895,Recommended,211500,20517704,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Chieftain,"I'm a huge racing fan, i like cars. and in this game you definetly get the feel of the many cars underneath you. it has great physics, tracks and game play. just make sure your rig can handle it all."
,Recommended,211500,20023628,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,worstbull,Very good racing game. Works like a charm with the Logitech G25 wheel.Beautiful graphics!
76561198279365922,Recommended,211500,21838692,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Peraro,"Amazing racing experience. Hight difficult though. You gonna need to develop top driving skills to win a race,Racing online is a thrill."
76561198020167925,Recommended,211500,26095660,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,sAs|Oneshot,Bust my fkin eardrum :)
76561198295927448,Recommended,211500,24974375,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Calle Trainor,"Incredibly hard, sometimes too hard, but very rewarding. In my opinion the sound and graphics are superior to any other sim. Especially the sound that far surpasses anything I've ever heard elsewhere. The handling is good, though it can be more sim than realistic sometimes with grip levels a bit too low but again that's just my opinion."
76561198107332325,Recommended,211500,27838815,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pitcock_90,"ConsDumb ai during practice/ Tight tracks..Miss shift with pedal shift bug same in rf2Ui click laggy bug,Kerb graphic bugs.Hockenhiem track is bug.The championship is buggy.The three qualifying is buggyBugs everywhere.1_Uneven Retardo  Ai. Best option is retire race ,Worst ai at  Portimão , zandrooft., Moscow raceway .20 restart ..2) A so called  sim with no proper damage model.. no tire pressure, no tire readout for chamber and no assymetrical setup.3) Bump or collision with the ai get that MAGNET NFS series.,bad collision code.4)  crash bugs^) Replay need to connect to server?Pro1) Test the cars b4 u buy..iRacing should learn this..2) Best sound even better with my 5.13) Ffb n Physic is decent"
76561198049428044,Recommended,211500,29105128,Posted: 7 January,all,Coaltrain1,"Flawless set up/ outstanding graphics/ the real feel of racing. Setups are easy, controllers work almost with no effort.After several attempts at getting Nascar eveloution working I gave up got a refund and went searching. I found this and it is an awesome game. If you like racing then you got to try it out. 5 stars"
76561197988956486,Recommended,211500,29458054,Posted: 24 January,all,G_5122 ϟϟ,"Awesome game very realistic and tactical, not even mention that is free totally must have for racesim fans."
76561198078580214,Recommended,211500,29408686,Posted: 21 January,all,Rans,This is an amazing FREE TO PLAY game! The multiplayer is fun also. Graphics and sounds are awesome. There isn't any damage modeling so parts won't go flying off when you hit the wall but that isn't a major problem. Would rate 4.5/5 since they give you a good bit of free content. There is also a lot of DLC which is a downside.
,Recommended,211500,29497616,Posted: 26 January,all,Ziras,"I don't think anything tops racing Group5 cars around the Nordschleife.The sounds of R3E are unmatched amongst all the modern Sims.If you find yourself with a bit of disposable income, I would definitely recommend purchasing some of the experience packs."
76561198166275184,Recommended,211500,29732899,Posted: 5 February,all,xx,can't find vr setting.....someone help me pls...找不到htc vive的 开启位置啊。。。谁可以帮助我一下。。。
76561197971484238,Recommended,211500,29707578,Posted: 4 February,all,GrimmVegas,good put hate the fact you have to buy each car and each track
76561198350396737,Recommended,211500,29679453,Posted: 3 February,all,skydawg321,VERY FUN!
,Recommended,211500,29735160,Posted: 5 February,all,ashwig27,hi there i can't get the start menu up it's broken plz fix it soonthxashwig
76561198085857841,Recommended,211500,29950624,Posted: 15 February,all,aucky71,"A sim that seams to get over look't.As a free game this is a great car sim,lots of tracks and car,some free some dlc,the hillclimb is good,worth downloading just for that.highly recommend this game."
76561198007181046,Recommended,211500,28227926,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Thaar,"Very good game. I really enjoy all the different cars and tracks.It's a game for racing fans, but even casuals can enjoy this game."
76561198017613939,Recommended,211500,29634583,Posted: 1 February,all,fmhotkeys,Graphics are outstanding the Games architecture is also a force to be recond with I give it a thumbs up.
,Recommended,211500,29590052,Posted: 30 January,all,ARES,"One of the best racing simulators I've ever played. With free content, decent multiplayer experience, and a lot of potential. 10/10"
,Recommended,211500,30015031,Posted: 18 February,all,Nikoxio,"*Please note that this is not;A) a proper in-depth reviewB) a completely unbiased review from an experienced racing sim player*R3E is my ""Go-to Nürburgring simulator"" for a few reasons:- regular updates & fixes- accurate real life tracks- realistic physics models- great graphics and good sounds- well optimized-> runs at a steady +60 fps on a low-mid range PC at High settings- has single player & training modes (altough not offline)- low cost (the simulator itself is free but most of the content is locked)-> buying 1 track (Nürburgring Nordchleife in my case) is cheap- wide variety of cars from different classes & time periods- A LOT of settings to tweak (well it's a simulator afterall)"
,Recommended,211500,29946922,Posted: 15 February,all,KacperR,"As Long as You can Forgive the Large amount of Micro-Transactions, Its a great game!Note: Most negative reviews are either people moaning about the DLCs' or about how difficult the game is; wich is a good thing, as it is a simulator."
76561198068194265,Recommended,211500,31384545,Posted: 26 April,all,Renaissance_Man,"This game is excellent..... Have no idea how it can be rated as mixed reviews. Yes it costs you money to buy everything but so does any good title you buy and the DLC after that. Recently with the pakcs coming out the costs are reduced greatly and discounts are linked so you save even if you've bought something earlier and then decide you want more. Handling is very very good, couple cars are a little off but overall one of the best around. Runs in 4k with almost all settings on high and nearly a full grid. AI is good after the first corner and there's tons of different spec cars to race. What's not to like other than it being a little on the expensive side if you want every car and track."
,Not Recommended,211500,32224989,Posted: 6 June,all,MaHeadIsBig,"Bought the full version, it was awesome but something stopped me from playing it. I don't know if this occurred to anyone else or just me. Lately, I felt so tired of loading the game, it took me too long to wait for the game to start up. And sometimes, a message appears saying that some error occurred at the backend, it couldn't log in, or error 403, or server under maintainence. So tired to wait for it and sometimes I will just turn off my computer and go to sleep. Cannot play offline is the main problem, when server is down, I will have to play other games."
76561198061412987,Recommended,211500,32303157,Posted: 9 June,all,kensai606,"I bought this ages ago and was put off by the buying cars and tracks. It looks like a rip off.HOWEVER! It really isn't.Compared to buying DLC from the 'others' it's the same.As for driving? I have it as bettter than the others. The particular for me is sliding.If you power slide or start to slide off it's recoverable. It just feels more realistic when driving.Also my favourite car has become the Audi TT Cup 2016 and not some supercar! No idea how that happened, but hammering through Macua in the TT just...works."
76561198014740723,Recommended,211500,16634484,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ron,I am unable to make more purchaces of crs and tracks??
76561198146973768,Recommended,211500,22056813,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Team Jarmo Junior,"This is very good play XPOX 360  40,40,40 CONTROL"
