user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,211600,7794524,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Molag Bal,"The first time I played this game was back in 1998 when I had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pentium III with an 8MB graphics accelerator S3 Trio, which was completely incapable of running the game in its glory. Had to play it in software rendering to play it. Even with that compromise in quality, the game offered absolutely amazing immersion factor and gameplay mechanics, meaning no two game modes can be the same. Especially at Expert difficulty, when you're forbidden to kill anyone and are required to accomplish additional objectives, this is where the lore of the game truly shines.Fast forward 15 years, and I'm amazed at the level of support this game has garnered from its fans. There was a patch recently released by the loyal fan community, which pretty much fixed the game and made it compatible with modern hardware. Running windows 7 with quad core processors, latest GPU technologies & gobbles of RAM, alongwith a 1080p widescreen monitor, no problem. The patch fixes them all. There's even support of OpenAL for Creative's old Audigy 2 ZS cards which makes full use of EAX sound effects which we haven't heard of since XP days. It so good to finally play and listen to the game the way it should be after so many years.If you're a fan of first person sneakers, and haven't yet played this game. Do yourself a favor and buy it. Games like these only come out in decades, as the sad demise of its deveoper studio meant nobody took the reins and pushed the franchise forward until now. Hopefully, the new development team can do full justice to the game franchise, though the absence of Stephen Russell is extremely unnerving. He was and always will be the voice of Garrett.Highly recommended.P.S: In order to help out the community make this game run perfectly on modern hardware. Please follow instructions carefully to the letter as detailed in this thread:TFIX (The installer for installing the latest dark engine updated binaries which enable modern hardware support)http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=134733Sound Effects Enhancement Pack (Transforms sounds from 22Khz to 44.1Khz)http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=119405Thief Gold HD Texture Mod:http://www.moddb.com/mods/thief-gold-hd-texture-mod/Thief Enhancement Pack 2.0 Alpha:http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=141621That's pretty much it."
,Recommended,211600,7761514,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ggdograa,"One of the most atmospheric and aurally stunning games ever created, with a rich storyline and tense stealth. Worth checking out, but not for everyone.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL_xuKEPpDg"
76561197995596423,Recommended,211600,11817232,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,moreaboutcrows,"Certainly, the first and most cleverly devised first person stealth game, I'm not gonna argue that, but also the absolute master of subtle storytelling: you play a dozen missions as a Thief doing his work in a strange City and in the process - without even noticing it - you experience one of the most richly detailed medieval worlds ever created.Future iterations have tried to improve on the formula, the second adding a more personal involvement of the protagonist in the story, the third - (arguably) better lore and an open city to roam and immerse yourself in when you're taking a break from the missions, and there are also other games that try to build a world from subtle hints and little detailes, but the way in which the world takes form and developes as it is ""told"" in this game, or, more likely, ""overheard"" while you're playing it, from The Bear Pits where the lower class citizens go for entertainment to the complex theology of the Hammerites, is still unsurpassed in gaming to this day."
,Recommended,211600,17425308,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Gondile,"1998.That date should hopefully mean something to you. 1998 was the harbringer of classic video games. 1998 counted among its releases Unreal, Fallout 2, Ocarina of Time, Half Life, Grim Fandango, and more.But among those releases is Thief: The Dark Project, otherwise known as Thief Gold on steam.What was the point of bringing up the date? Because it doesn't matter how old it is. If you haven't layed Thief yet, it's still new to you. It's the grandfather of stealth and is ready to welcome you into its arms."
,Recommended,211600,15566128,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Chef Big Dog,Better than the new one.
,Recommended,211600,13194771,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dougie Jones,"This is by far the greatest stealth game ever released, nothing has come remotely close since its year of release in 1998, this is a masterpiece which everyone should play in their lifetime. Thief consists of levels that are beyond expertly designed, each more impressive than the last masterpiece. As the game progresses so does the level of abstractness in the levels. I doubt games will ever reach this point again as every company these days are run by suits who know nothing about this industry other than its profitability.The AI is not by any means terrific, but still far more impressive than any stealth game of this era as once they spot you, it will most likely warrant a load as they don't stop hunting you down throughout the lengthy levels. You will need to use objects in the environments such as plates and goblets to create noise distractions in order to sneak past them and flash bombs to blind them momentarily if no nearby resources are available, I find non-lethal playthroughs to be the most entertaining and immersive as you're a Thief, not an assassin or murderer.As mentioned earlier, a massive part in making Thief the masterpiece it is, is the sprawling layouts of the levels which are atmospheric and absolutely perfectly designed that allow for freedom by giving you multiple paths to your objectives, the graphics may seem dated to some but I still find them more appealing than the overly gloomy, bland and soulless games of today.Thief is a timeless classic which I would recommend to anyone who enjoys games that aren't dumbed down and have no handholding, also to those who can appreciate good design, solid mechanics and a fair challenge."
76561198039653415,Recommended,211600,14997611,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ozzy,"Thief Gold is one of the first stealth games ever made, and somehow, Looking Glass Studios perfected the formula of stealth genre on their first try.This game is on my five game list, and I've played lots of different kinds of games. This is truly a gold that you should not pass, even if you're not a fan of stealth, it has an amazing atmosphere that will lock you into the game; gritty cutscenes and the later levels add up an interesting experience.For its price tag, it's a steal...(heh)"
76561198059338044,Recommended,211600,7752231,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bluedude588,"Thief is hands down the best stealth game I've ever played. Taking into account the time when this game was made, it is a technological achievement. The most innovative of these is that depending of the kind of floor you are walking on, determines what sound is produced. And the variety of arrows was really refreshing compared to the generic arrows most games use. The guards always have something interesting to listen to, and listening to them can help you tell if they are looking for you. The one complaint I have is the combat. With a game this age, of course it won't be pretty, but still. If you get caught, it's pretty much instant quickload. This makes it worth all the more to stay hidden!Pros:+Practically invented modern stealth+Atmosphere+Guard dialog+Varied levels+Graphics (I know they are dated, but I would not change them)Neutral:*Bow combat*LockpickingNegative:-Sword combat (If you are sneaky, you will never have to resort to this)Overall: 9/10 I am always surprised that no one knows what this game is. This was a groundbreaking game and should be remembered! It is also dirt cheap, so buy it now!"
,Recommended,211600,13580696,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,hoimingmissile,"Don't let Steam fool you. It says I've only played 7 minutes of this game but the truth is I've played this game from start to finish probably more than a hundred times. More if you include my playtime on my original CD installation. This is hands-down one of my favorite games of all time. I love everything about it, the background lore, the voice acting, the art style in the mission briefings, the gameplay, and especially the whole dedicated fan community (I love all you taffers). This game is old and as with all older games you can run into difficulties getting it to run on new computers. Fortunately, that fan community is there for you. You can find guides for modding this game to work easily enough so I won't go into all that but that's the reason I only have a few minutes of playtime on this thing. It *works* ok right out of the Steam library but it can work *better*. I launched it and then immediately moved the game files out of Program Files to another folder so I could get to work on it.If you need convincing that this game is great just look at the fan community. We can't all be crazy. There's something here for you to like, I guarantee it.EDIT 11/24/2016: One of the categories for the Steam Awards is Test of Time. This one is a no-brainer for my nomination, even though I doubt this will win because it's still kind of a cult-following type of game despite having received a reboot."
,Recommended,211600,32112963,Posted: 1 June,all,Murderlol,"The original thief game that revolutionized stealth and sound in videogames. Parts of this game have aged kind of roughly, but pick up a few mods and give this one a try. It's still a fantastic game."
,Recommended,211600,23811615,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Smash!,"It is amazing how as computing technology improves and new tools such as VR are introduced that consumers continue to pine for 'better' and 'more immersive' games, as though immersion is some ideal we may hope to one day achieve once the graphics are good enough and the gadgets we attach to our forehead become more effective. However, one need only look back to the late 90's, when a developer known as Looking Glass studios was already forging the path for immersive simulators decades ahead of time.It achieves immersion not with high resolution character models but lumpy primitive 3D figures. It achieves immersion not with 3D glasses or goggles but with game mechanics and level design. Is Thief Gold perfect? Certainly not. The movement physics can be rough and get stuck on the uneven surfaces of the levels. The AI can be frequently prone to mistakes and it is not uncommon for guards to end up stuck in walls. There are also some monster lair levels which have aged very poorly compared to the rest of the game. But the core mechanics, and the world and places in which you are given to apply them to, give rise to a game which gives the player the sense of interacting with a living real world. The sound design should be given its own praise for bringing the square, low resolution worlds to life, as the mere footstep sounds do its job of grounding you in its setting. But even with the blocky low resolution visuals, Looking Glass does an excellent job of bringing to life the various manors and facilities which you visit to life with the proper decorum and architecture necessary to a place which people live in.It is also impressive how such an old game takes themes such as dark fantasy and steampunk and synthesizes them into a setting which is uniquely its own, and feels distinct from the multitude of midieval fantasy games on the market. It's gameplay is also a unique fusion of first person exploration, stealth and even collectathons, that genre which wholly belongs to the 90's. It is a wonder why item and treasure collecting are not applied to more realistic genres more often, there is something quiantly enjoyable about wandering through carpeted rooms alone but near danger, admiring the oil paint portraits, opulent furniture and elaborate wall patterns, all while enjoying the thrill of robbing the owners right under their noses, taking everything valuable in sight and adding to your bonus in valuables and goods. In some ways, you could look at Thief as the ultimate walking simulator, one with complex and engaging interactions and a fail state, which would already make it superior to all the walking simulators released within the last few years. Eat your heart out, Dear Esther and Gone Home, this is how you do a walking simulator.In the early days of 3D technology, when it was an exciting and unexplored frontier, game design was more alchemy than a science. Mechanics and genre formats had not yet been solidified, and the routine of 3D game templates was not yet a thing. Games were not yet pigeon-holed into preset genres(fps, third-person action, rpg etc) and the kinds of games that could exist where limited only by what kind of interactions and mechanics that could be made with the technology available. Sometimes to advance the future, it is necessary to look to the past. Looking Glass showed with their games that to make engaging and immersive video games, you need fun and engaging mechanics and interactions, and an interesting enough world to apply those mechanics too. No amount of technology will ever advance the quality of video games if we do not remember what it is that makes video games fun and unique compared to other mediums. If you want to remember what is possible for the future of video games, look to the past and play Thief Gold."
,Recommended,211600,13886810,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,drxela,"I have never played a Thief game before, so my playthrough was not affected by nostalgia. Still, I agree with everyone here - you need to play this game.I got Thief Gold on sale and it was an absolute steal. I am a huge fan of stealth games and the Thief series earns its spot alongside both the Metal Gear Solid and Hitman series as must-plays.Positives:- Excellent, well told story;- Quality stealth gameplay. You hide in darker areas and shadows, you sprint across rooms when you feel unwatched, you knock people out and hide their bodies, you climb up ropes to higher areas to hide, you manipulate the environment to your advantage. Impressive gameplay mechanics especially when you consider the age of the original game;- Very large levels, leading to a number of options or paths to take to complete each one;- A range of difficulties that you can play the game on, with increased difficulty requiring more objectives to be completed before a level is completed;- Various types of bows to use and experiment with, either for stealth or attacking purposes.Negatives:- The game is fairly old, so don't expect the most amazing graphics. It's shouldn't be enough to stop you playing, but if good graphics are a must for you, you may not like this game;- You may get stuck at times, unsure of what to do. (In fact, I would say this - don't give up if you feel lost in the first couple of levels. The game will start to click with you shortly after if it doesn't early on);- The controls can take a while to get used to. I recommend customising controls to a typical WASD and setting 'Run Forward' to shift and 'Speed Toggle' to Mouse 3. Spend some time in the tutorial playing around with the controls until it clicks and you know how to customise it right for you. It's also worth spending some time to Google and find help with the controls at the beginning.In short, this game is a classic, and now I see why. You owe it to yourself to at least try this game if it's on special, and buy it regardless if you're a fan of stealth games."
,Recommended,211600,32012891,Posted: 27 May,all,ShovelKnight49,"Finally diving into the game that started it all, so this commentary is nostalgia free. I first became acquainted with Garrett through Deadly Shadows, and then the action hybrid reboot that deviated into Dishonored territory a bit too much. But this...well. This is proper stealth that gives players control minus cutscenes.The missions are laid out in labyrinthine levels that can feel much more difficult to navigate compared to DS, and definitely when compared to the reboot (even with the mini map switched off). However, getting lost forms part of the experience. It taught me to commit areas to memory, really learn the game inside and out, actively use my brain to figure out puzzles.There is so much less hand holding in Thief Gold and I absolutely love it. The quiet, thrilling atmosphere evoked by straining ambient sounds provides just the right amount of unease when you're exploring passageways. Guards seem much harder to kill compared to DS/the reboot, even with multiple broadheads, and this really emphasised how UP Garrett is. I noticed that even on normal (my go to setting) AI is very alert, but sneaking past them or silently snatching keys is super rewarding - as is finding where those keys fit!When completing missions, I heard that familiar sound from DS that always makes you feel like you've accomplished something wonderful, and I felt right at home. Being able to traverse underwater sections was an unexpected bonus, and I usually took the opportunity to dump unconscious guards/corpses beneath their aqueous cover. Only a few hours in, but thoroughly loving an old-school sneak 'em up that released almost 20 years ago."
,Recommended,211600,30984640,Posted: 6 April,all,Gout Claw,"Listen, forget assassin's creed, forget splinter cell, forget metal gear, forget every stealth game you ever played.  The stealth genre would be nothing without Thief.  And unlike the former titles mentioned, Thief is TRUE stealth.  At no point can you decide ""Oh to hell with it"" and run out of your hiding place guns/daggers/et al blazing, killing everything with a consciousness in your path.  You are a thief - you stay hidden by shadow and silence and steal stuff.  As soon as you leave the shadows you are fair game to be hacked to pieces like the taffer you are.  That being said, stay hidden and walk with shadows and you are a force of nature.  Thief is to this day a one of a kind game with mechanics that are still mostly unique.  The only games I can think of that come close to hardcore stealth like Thief are the Styx games (Master of Shadows/ Shards of Darkness).  I love the story, the world building, the environments, the characters - everything narrative about this game and cannot recommend it enough.  Only drawback is because it is an older game, it has a hard time running on newer operating systems (Windows 7,8, and 10).  There is a workaround for this though and it's super easy: go herehttp://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=134733and install the necesarry patch.TL;DR+The OG stealth game+Dope story, characters, and world+Gameplay that challenges you to be one with the shadows-It is dated, so graphics aren't up to snuff+/-Have to download patch to get it to run on present day operating systems (Takes no time, is super easy to do)"
76561198042118407,Recommended,211600,7760829,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,desolation0,"If you want to see a game where stealth really matters, may as well go for the classic. Garret and his surroundings totally fit the stealthy assassin. The mechanics are still solid, though you may want to rebind the keys to a more modern feel. The environments are still begging to be looted surreptitiously, thanks to great design, aesthetic, and world building even if the raw looks don't hold up as well. 5/5"
,Recommended,211600,15849180,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Agent,"[UPDATE] Nominating this game for the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award, more people need to hear about this game!Thief: The Dark Project is my favorite game in the stealth genrefrom the geniuses behind System Shock comes Thief:The Dark Project,the first game where lighting was used as a new gameplay element,different from most first person games you need to use the darkness to your advantage,hiding yourself in the shadows was a new concept back then,becoming the standard for the next games in the stealth genreyou play as Garrett a master thief who doesn't care if the world is burning,as long it doesn't get in his way of stealing. Garrett is a memorable character,his lines are really well written and just like most characters in the 90's and 80's,he's got some one-liners.the gameplay holds up to this date,in fact its unique because there aren't many first-person games,where you need to stay hidden in the shadows,you actually feel like a Thiefi highly recommend this game to any stealth fan,if you loved Dishonored you will love this game"
76561198037261039,Recommended,211600,25520987,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ThrustWizard,"10/10Pros--Nonlinear level design with plenty of routes and plenty of secrets.--Fun toolset, especially the water moss arrows and especially rope arrows.--Light and sound fully accounted for in stealth, Non dousable lights in a marble hallway leads to a swift detection.--Higher difficulty means more enemies and less supplies, aswell as stricter and more mission objectives enemy health scaling isn't relevant when you can oneshot most enemies, you should be avoiding them anyways.--Cool as hell cutscenes.--Maps are part of the game's world, not just a screen in the pause menu. You can write notes on them and they reflect Garret's knowledge on the mission.--Difficult in places. ( Difficulty is always a good thing. )--Can boreder on horror at times ( Constantine's manor best level. )--No scripted events outside dialogue triggers ( which often yield useful information. )Cons--No Autosave/Checkpoint ( Promotes save scumming ) ( a quicksave button exists, but there isn't a quickload keybind if i recall correctly )--Keys need rebound ( takes less than 2 minutes )--Needs unofficial patch software to run at it's best on modern software ( Tfix is your friend )--You need to be able to read and listen to understand how to beat a level ( Takes quite a bit of efford to read that note that says ""I can't believe that nobody has heard the secret room behind the bookcase"")--Doesn't hold your hand ( ""Where are the quest markers?"" ""Why isn't my health regenerating?"" )Overall Thief is an almost perfect stealth game that has yet to be surpassed.If you enjoyed it. Don't forget to check out the sequel."
76561198073050877,Recommended,211600,32273571,Posted: 8 June,all,Crusty Jugglers,Buy this instead of Thief.
,Recommended,211600,29804295,Posted: 9 February,all,Great Grand Soap,"Thief Gold, otherwise known as, Thief The Dark Project is the innovator for modern stealth games. Assassin's Creed, Dishonored, and of that♥♥♥♥♥♥that you like, this game did it first. It still does it better than most games as well. You play as a thief, Garret. He is wise, cunning, and uses intelligence and stealth over brute force. You don't want to be found because the guards are tougher than you. But you're smarter to them. Stick to the shadows, walk quietly, and learn what it really takes to be a truth Thief. This game is a masterpiece."
76561198048621906,Recommended,211600,9382853,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Nibbler,"Just play it. It's quite tough, but you will like it."
,Recommended,211600,12703067,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Faux Rhinoceros,"The most innovative stealth game ever. Recommended to everyone with a thirst for the creme de la creme of stealth games, although the aging mechanics require a good dose of patience and tafferpatcher.exe to make the best of it.Flaws:- The game is slow paced, which may bore some.- Many levels are built around spelunking. Levels are huge and sprawling and it's easy to get lost, which may frustrate some.- Altho thief has the best stealth gameplay ever seen in video game history, it usually boils down to blackjacking everyone and then doing your stuff. This was greatly improved on in Thief 2, where you have mechanical security as well as guards who are immune to blackjacking and/or gas arrows.Verdict: 8/10"
76561198027007978,Recommended,211600,14263200,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Zeitgeist,"I played the third Thief (Deadly Shadows) game when it originally came out and despite some flaws in the game, I enjoyed it a lot. I always planned to also play the old Thief games and now in the last few weeks, I've finally come around to playing the first Thief.Thanks to Mods and Patches from the community the game looks acceptable and it did run flawless on my contemporary Win8 machine.The great thing about this game is that in most missions, you are relatively free in how to tackle each situation and the overall mission. There are often multiple paths through a level and you have a variety of tools to dispatch enemies or to simply try to get around them undetected. Thief basically invented the stealth genre and it still works well. The enemy AI is quite predictable but this not a flaw in my opinion. It allows you to precisely plan every move and to become an expert at the game - which is the main source of enjoyment. The story is more or less video game standard fare but the presentation is intriguing. It's very dark and foreboding and generates an impressive atmosphere. There is also a lot of humor in the game, especially with the guards and their reactions.The voice acting deserves a special mention, Garret sounds great but I liked the character Constantine even more. It perfectly fit the game and character.Some frustrations I had were that sometimes the levels were almost too big, so it could get quite confusing. Especially if your mission involves finding some tiny little side object which sometimes were easy to miss. Before searching for hours, I would reccommend just looking at a guide.There are three difficulty levels and every level adds more mission objectives which increases replayability. I played on the second level,""hard"" and I think this should be the default difficulty because there it gets interesting. On the easier setting you have to just find the main object most of the time while on the higher levels you also have to make it safely back out again which should be mandatory for a thief I think :)"
,Recommended,211600,21648155,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Thief Gold is 1999 year's special edition of Thief: The Dark Project that came out in 1998. Developed by infamous makers of John Madden 93 for Sega Genesis, The Looking Glass, it was one of the first games to try and combine stealth and FPS perspective. It's also one of the more immersive games around.Steam release is a Thief Gold edition, which added 3 more missions to the main game. And some smaller fixes and very few changes. Pretty much superior version, ignoring the way that some of those new missions wreck campaign's pacing. Aside from Song Of The Caverns, which is awesome and feels like pre-Thief 2 level.It also means that it includes very few extras in folder, which is just some Thief theme for old Windows OS and Making Of Thief 2 video that probably will not play properly.Technically, this release is pretty much as-is. Square Enix is not Night Dive, they didn't do much here, if anything at all.In order to make cutscenes actually work I had to go to game's folder and to change Thief.exe's properties so it's always launched with admin rights given.And yea, it doesn't support widescreen by default.Then again, you can go ahead and get some community patches, so to say, which will provide fixes to some bugs. Yes, there are some. But I am more of Vanilla experience person, so eh. And most of them do it by porting Thief 1 code into Thief 2 engine, which also adds some new features by itself. Like ability to creep or leaving map notes.Plot follows Garrett, thief who once was taken and trained by the Keepers only to leave them for sake of his own greed. Now you shall live the hard life of Thief, stealing and living off it, only to end up in dark epic and interesting dark troubles due to your bad luck. Yes, it turned out to be much more interesting both in plot and setting than I belived it would be. It's like a combination of Dark Fantasy and Steampunk in right amounts, mostly leaning on the former. And you are going to find out about it during gameplay too, from little pieces here and there. Also includes exotic locations and 180 degrees misaligned alarm lights. Can't forget those.And here are few things that must be mentioned about this game. First, it's awesome game. And second, it's not exactly a hardcore stealth game that people might make you belive. In reality, it's a huge mix of a bit of everything. It has stealth. Then it also has horror with zombies and such. Then sometimes you want to shoot monsters instead with arrows. A bit of sword slashing at monsters too. A bit of adventure-puzzlish, with huge mazey mazes and having to find key to whatever lock. As well as puzzles that make you think what you are supposed to do.No, seriously, it's more like a Dark Fantasy FPS epic fit into missions where you can play only as thief class, but with gameplay designed around it.Stealth is quite interesting, albeit somewhat not as good as more modern offers. There are two things to watch out: sight and sounds. The part where you must not be seen is quite simple. Just stay in dark, which is pretty much everywhere and where you feel safe, even if it might look not very dark on the screen. But this is what visibility gem is for, to show if enemies will see you or not. Sound on other hand makes it not as simple. Mostly, you have to watch out surface that you walk on. For example, on carpet you may as well run around with no care, while ceramic tiles are as bad as lava, something you never walk on with anybody nearby. Not even crouch-walk.You also got bow and arrows with many ammo types, to feel like a thief-agent, with many tools to get around. Awesome. Lockpicks too, though it's simple, no minigames there. Just keep holding or change between two types, while worrying that somebody may come over anytime.However stealth part still can't compare to more modern games. It's not as punishing to be not stealthly as you might think and it's extremely easy to knock everybody out with blackjack, just by waiting in the dark for person to come by. Higher difficulties try to force you to be more stealthly by often giving restriction ""kill no human"". Which means don't use sword on those. The thing is, you still got blackjack, which knocks out anybody permanently as long as AI isn't directly aware of you. And knocking everybody in the world is easy. You also aren't as pressured to hide evidence, AI isn't all that good. You can just leave dead bodies right in the center of hallway right where you knocked them out as long as it's somewhat dark, AI will just walk over them.Heck, manual even gives you a tip not to leave doors open so not to make AI suspicious while in reallity this subroutine was implented only in Thief 2. Actually I would be surprised that noisemaking arrows weren't implented properly either, couldn't make use of them.By the way, seriously, read manual.By the way, yes, higher difficulties give more missions. And you don't keep money between missions, so live for today instead of final level. Awesome.By the way, watch out, levels sometimes require certain arrows type to progress that you may have already wasted. Yay old-school adventure game design.AND by the way, Thieves Guild level is like labyrinthish mazey maze that gets really tedious.And it has cliche where you have to get four talismans based on four nature elements. You know what those four elements are. In original version it was two elements per one levels, but Gold added two more levels for those, so it's so cliche that it almost turns my brain off. And then one of those levels you have four arcadeish towers to beat based on the same four elements.Clicheception!Clicheption.You get it.It also has immersive sound design, with short looping track that are forgettable yet help the atmosphere greatly. With some additional design that makes sure that sound is disturbed realistically through level. You can even close door and notice how you can barely hear everything from opposite door. And it's part of gameplay too, as you will often have to guess what's behind the corner as somebody walks by loudly, making some noise, whistling. And yes, enemy footsteps also follow same surface rules, so you may even judge their position if you know the map.But you know, you not only stealth. You also explore the levels, finding secret entrances. And this is what I think is more focused on in the first Thief. And it also gets immersive with some additional naviagion challenges. You see, maps are taken realistically. Sometimes you have precise map and it even points the part where you are. Other times it doesn't point and you have to actually use compass to figure out where you are and where to go. Which is actually the first time compass was useful in videogames in my experience, so this game wins. And sometimes you find out that map actually has mistakes or that Garrett didn't manage to gather any info.And yes, in some levels you will be busy Tomb Raiding and solving actual puzzles. Or, you know, almost all of them. It's like old-school FPS of hardcoreness, you can see that it was made by same people who made System Shock 1. Or at least same company. Though sometimes maps are so mazey that you will get lost. Just to realize that you forgot to take a key in the beggining of the level and have to waste 10 minutes.Though combat could be a bit better as sometimes you just have to fight undead. But it's all fine otherwise.But you know, I like how this game is pretty much old-school FPS-Stealth-Horror-Adventure-Puzzle, combining lots of elements. And yet, unlike many other games where it means lose of focus, it still manages to success. Mostly because it all still requires some cunning and skills, so to say. Of exploration and thinking how to get through."
76561198044221904,Recommended,211600,15301025,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Jen,"This is truly the closest thing we have to an extremely accurate ""100 ways to steal things and die painfully. Then go back and do it again"" simulator we will ever get."
,Recommended,211600,25619250,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Barrfind V.,"Good old thief, yes, you must play this first to fully understand us, old gamers. Why we love this games."
,Recommended,211600,25684346,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Problematic A-hole,"Thief Gold is an excellent stealth game. That being said, it's not as consistent with its design as it wants to be.Level design is pure 90's. Big, open-ended levels with lots of alternate paths and rewards for the attentive player. A big part of it is the verticality in a lot of them, with many of them going all the way down or all the way up, occasionally doing both on the same levels. The rope arrows, one of the coolest '' weapons'' in the game, being the best way to explore them. Since I've brought them up, the weapons are mostly tailored to the stealth and are as creative as the uses a player can give for them: moss arrows lowers noise on surfaces, regular arrows can be used to create distractions and hurt enemies and water arrows are used to lower create dark areas for the player to sneak on. Weapons such as your Blackjack are used to knock out enemies and the sword can be used for fighting the non-human enemies.Story's perhaps this game's biggest achievement (other than the stealth gameplay). With an immersive, complex, multilayered plot that develops in a very unique way. Staying mostly in the background, gradually increasing in reach, before finally grabbing and enveloping the player character. The world of the game is also very unique, mixing medieval architecture and Tesla-like machinery, creating sections which feel very in-line with the story's themes of Science vs Nature.Unfortunately, not all levels are all about showing the best qualities of the game. For a game called ''Thief'', a lot of levels feel like the developers were in some sort of insecure identity crisis over the direction the game should take, which leads to combat being a major part of them.Don't get me wrong, I love variety in games. But in the case of Thief 1, many of the cumbersome levels seem to pile up on top of the levels everyone enjoys (the''steal stuff'' levels) and almost force you to engage in really slow, stiff sword fighting. Some might say this adds a layer of survival horror to the game, which somewhat works in that sense, I guess. Unfortunately, it's in most of these levels where the design takes a dive and many of them feel like it's impossible to avoid enemies, which leads to the complaints I've raised above.Another issue I have with this game is some of the levels added by the ''Gold'' edition (such as Thieves' Guild) feel a lot more rushed and not as polished as they should be and can bog down the flow of the game. Making it feel a little too lengthy and sometimes overblown.No matter my criticisms, make no mistake. This still is pretty much one of the most advanced stealth games of all time and if you enjoy stealth games, this and The Metal Age are pretty much essential if you really want to experience how deep a game like this can go. I'd still recommend it to people looking for a game with a great story and immersive world, looking for something more ''unique'' than the standard fare of modern gaming."
,Recommended,211600,24926955,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Raymondium,"First and foremost I should note that before playing this game that it's mandatory to install T-Fix, as it upgrades the game to run on NewDark (an updated version of the game's engine that's used in the digital release of System Shock 2), gives options for improving the graphics (something I'm not too fond of doing myself), and restores the cutscenes so they actually work.T-Fix DownloadI can also reccomend installing the Gold To Dark mod for first time players, which converts Thief Gold into Thief : The Dark Project, for reasons that will be stated later in this review.Gold To Dark DownloadNow on to the review.I never really played that many stealth games before Thief Gold, I mean I did dabble around with Bioshock Infinite's DLC (which is a stealth game) and I did play the Thief Reboot, but I never really thought I'd be one who would be really into the stealth genre, that is untill I played Thief : The Dark Project (or the GOTY edition known as Thief Gold). In Thief : The Dark Project, you play as Master Thief Garret, who goes around stealing♥♥♥♥♥♥from places, or at least that's what the game centers around at first. I won't spoil what happens, but the gameplay does take a shift near the end of the game. While the game mostly involves breaking into places, and stealing a ton of loot, some missions feel more akin to Tomb Raider, which to me isn't entirely a bad thing, as these missions are (in my opinion) much more relaxing than the standard theiving missions, and are a nice break from the stealing aspect of the game. The crontrol in this game isn't the best, mostly due to the fact that this is a Dark Engine game, but you will get used to them after playing for a while, and once you do, they can be quite enjoyable at times while climbing up stuff, and feeling like a stealth god. The combat on the other hand isn't all that great. It's clunky and unresponsive, and extremely akward to use at first, but you aren't really supposed to get into combat, and you can learn the neuances of it. The atmosphere in this game is exelent. Before each mission, you're breifed with an intro video, explaining what to do in the mission from Garret's perspective, which is exelently voice acted if I might add. In game, Garret will occasionally mutter something entertaining or somewhat helpfull, while being well done and believable. The voice acting carries across to all of the characters. Standing around and hearing the guards chatter is not only entertaining, but sometimes extremely usefull, as they often point out key infromation needed to progress. But the guards are just one part of the atmosphere, the soundscape is just freaking awesome, and even somewhat tense at times. However there are some things that I don't like about the game. Level design is exelent and complex, but sometimes way too complex for their own good, at times takeing over an hour for first time players. I mentioned earlier that there is actually a mod that converts Thief Gold to Thief : The Dark Project, and that's because Thief Gold adds 3 new missions. Now while that sounds good on paper, these missions are some of the most assinine missions in the entire game (and debatably the series), taking upwards of an hour and a half to complete for first time players. The Gold missions consist mostly of long empty hallways, and require a metric butt ton of backtracking, to the point where I'm not even sure that I'd reccomend Thief Gold over Thief : The Dark Project. Overall though, Thief : The Dark Project is a great start to an exelent trilogy of games, and while it may not be my favorite in the series (Thief 2 holding that title), it's still an exelent game in its own right. What are you waiting for you taffers?"
,Recommended,211600,26811062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zombipuppy,"Perfect level design, treats the player like a smart human being, excellent sound and music, and campy, charming, outdated graphics. This will forever be one of the greatest games of all time."
,Recommended,211600,29983457,Posted: 17 February,all,darthaegis,"TL DR: Thief Gold is simply the finest stealth game ever made. The sheer quality and variety of level design, amazingly creepy atmosphere, and the tools you have to sneak around just make this my favourite game of all time. If you like sneaking through masterfully crafted locations then just click the ""Add to Cart"" button above. Also, there are some minor mods I'd recommend on the bottom of the review.Thief Gold is a first-person stealth game where you play as Garrett, a mysterious master thief.You have 15 levels (not counting training) and set objectives for each. These are usually simple (most of the involve stealing an artifact), and increasing the difficuly will usually give you extra objectives.To traverse the level you have several tools at your disposal. You're a thief, not a swordsman, and even if you do have a sword this doesn't mean you should fight your enemies. Guards are slow and sometimes you might get away with fighting one or two unscathed, but more supernatural creatures (more on that later) might be harder to take down. You do have a blackjack, which can knockout most humanoid enemies, useful if you plan on traversing a patrolled area several times and could do without having to avoid a certain pesky guard/s all the time, and also a great alternative to killing them if the mission states that you can't. You have a bow with a wide variety of arrows (rope arrows to climb, water arrows to put out torches, moss arrows to make noisy floors quiet, for example), lockpicks and more.Even though you're a thief, this doesn't mean that the whole game is spent robbing city buildings. More than half of the levels do have supernatural creatures, and they involve exploring ancient cities and haunted crypts, caves and cathedrals. If you don't find the idea of sneaking through zombies, spiders, ghosts and beasts, I'd recommend Thief II. Even though the graphics are severely dated, the atmosphere is still really good, a lot thanks to Eric Brosius's work on ambient and creature sounds. The creepy voices of Haunts (""Join us! JOIN US NOW!"") are still as haunting as they were almost 20 years ago. Overall, the game has terrific level and sound design.One of the greatest things about Thief, however, is that you are in full control. Garrett isn't really a master thief. He knows how to use tools that help with sneaking around, and can seem to hide pretty well in shadows, but he's not that quiet for a master thief. Stepping on marble tiles will get you caught very quickly, forcing you to take very small steps in order not to make incredibly loud sounds, or to spend all your moss arrows trying to be quiet. But really, how good Garrett is at thievery is decided by you. The game itself never takes away control from you during a mission. You watch an intro cutscene and you're dropped in the level to do as you please with the tools at your disposal. You're never taken away control from to watch a cutscene of the badass Garrett taking down a guard, you swing your blackjack and the guard falls, and the player keeps having control of his character.Another great part is the storytelling. It's extremely subtle. The aforementioned cutscenes are 1 minute long usually, with 20 seconds of a quote from some text (which is great lore for the factions), and a description by Garrett of the level and the objective. That's it for ""in your face"" storytelling. The rest of the storytelling comes from notes, overhearing conversations, and the level design itself. The architecture in a level will subconsciously tell you things about the world, especially about a mansion and it's owner. You can tell that someone is more powerful than someone else you've robbed before just through details about his mansion, for example. A wealthier person can afford electric lights which you can't put out with a water arrow, and marble flooring on which you make loud noises when stepping on compared to a poorer cobblestone on the streets or wood. The levels are designed with care to what it would realistically have, not so much what it should have to benefit the player. Obviously, you will find a lot more gold and valuables on the upper floors of a mansion where the owner's room is for example, instead of the servant floors.Not to say that all the levels are what you expect them to be (hell just go see the sixth mission, The Sword. Trust me.) Sometimes you just go check your map to understand where the hell you are, and the map may well just say ""Location Unknown"". Even though you have a map, this map is another storytelling device: if a servant gave you the map to a mansion, he obviously could never have gotten to the upper floors and see the exact layout of the rooms, therefore that part of the map is very vague. And in these deeper parts you'll have to find information and use your compass and general sense of orientation to guide yourself towards your objective.It's a pity that most games these days just spoon-feed you story through hours of cutscenes instead of using the medium's strengths for storytelling. This is one of my favourite games of all time, and if you feel that the graphics are too dated (shame on you) try a texture mod or something, see the screenshots to see if that's good enough for you. Seriously, don't miss out on this amazing game.Recommended mods:TFix (widescreen resolutions and more):http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=134733Sound Enhancement Pack:http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=119405EP2 (high res textures):http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=141621OpenAL (audio positioning):https://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Thief:_The_Dark_Project#EAX_support"
00066600066602187,Recommended,211600,19601695,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Thief Gold hmmm a very old game, but in Gold version. I dont even recognize the game when i played it long time ago !Thief gold hmmm we generally say old but Gold, and HELL YEAH Thief Gold is old but GOLD !And this game is worh your monney ! There is a lottttt of fan mission !You can install the HD texture mod, the game looks so nice that way !Thief is just ... One of those game that you need to have in your steam library, but also play it ok ?Dont just buy it and thats it... Play it trust me the atmoshpere is very nice your just .... IN... You get me ?I like the story of the game, the caracter, the weapons, the architecture of the level, the level design.The different faction, hammerite,mechanist keepers and more, some funny and strenge ennemy.....The cutscenes are amazing !The ambiance of this game is also amazing ! There is a good variety of different ennemy, you can kill them all.....Or do like me.... ! Being a Ghost seen by nobody ! And this is the way to play this game ! On expert difficulty i really enjoythis game REALLY !Well as i said, this game rox like hell GO ON !So ??? Get Thief Gold apply HD texture mod... And wow what the fuerkkkk !! Beautiful ! Amazing ! .............Note: As i am French my english is not perfect x)But am sure you get me >>> Get Thief GOLD apply HD texture mod AND ...................................E  N J O Y"
,Recommended,211600,1381194,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Divine Devil,They say old is gold and this game is a perfect example. Its mechanics were way to good considering it was released in 1998. Using the usablilty patches you can improve the graphics and play the game at 1080p as well.
76561198120819916,Recommended,211600,24763518,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,sayney_123,"the games great no doubt but but BUT!if your going to buy it you have t download tfix for it, otherwise you wont see all the cutscenes between each missiona nd frankly its a loss. the cutscenes hold all the story elementsthis is the linkhttp://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=134733"
,Recommended,211600,34357798,Posted: 19 August,all,Canadian Marshmallow,"I was making joke reviews for all the games on my steam library, and I deleted the one I made for this one because I actually want to give my honest thoughts on the game.There is no better stealth game. (Aside from this game's sequel: Thief II The Metal Age)"
,Recommended,211600,29778668,Posted: 8 February,all,Karl Hungus,"Challenging, yet rewarding. Thief excels in gameplay and storytelling. In addition, it offers an on-the-edge-of-your-seat atmosphere. One of the best games I have ever played10/10"
,Recommended,211600,20605867,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,KUBA18i,"A classic game that started the FPP stealth genre. Beautiful and complex level design, engaging and challenging gameplay, memorable story, pretty visuals, excellent audio and tons of fan-made content.Read full review here!"
,Recommended,211600,28292607,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DED,"No AAA crap, no hand-holding, no batman character, no casuals.  This is the birth of the stealth genre and an amazing game.  If you like stealth and you don't buy this game than your taffin' yourself"
,Recommended,211600,14636998,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,DefaultCore,"If your favorite RPG character was the rogue, your favorite hero a thief, or your favorite game as a child hide-n-go-seek, without a moment's hesitation go buy this game."
,Recommended,211600,29606465,Posted: 31 January,all,Plankus Spankus,Still the best stealth game ever made. If you want a rewarding experience do yourself a favour and pick it up.
,Recommended,211600,34175507,Posted: 11 August,all,A S T R O,"This game is 100-fold better than 99% of the modern market for stealth games. A truly immersive game that makes you feel vulnerable and skilled as a real theif should. After a bit of rebinding keys, this game is thoroughly enjoyable. Save often."
,Recommended,211600,1187816,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,FØRST_EVIG,"Come the time of peril, did the ground gape,and did the dead rest unquiet 'gainst us.Our bands of iron and hammers of stone prevailed not,and some did doubt the Builder's plan.But the seals held strong, and the few did triumph,and the doubters were lain into the foundations of the new sanctum.--Collected lettersof the smith-in-exile"
76561198077105674,Recommended,211600,12286172,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mr JC Denton in Da Fresh,"Modern gamers would know Metal Gear Solid, Splinter Cell and to a certain extent Hitman when it comes to stealth games. But only one game did stealth right and that was Thief. Thief was the first ever first-person stealth game and is still probably the most hardcore stealth game of all time. Fighting is not encouraged, requiring you to really, really focus on not getting caught.The first-person view also makes the experience more immersive. Graphicswise, the game is very old but still looks nice, actually. The sound department is where Thief shines. Thief was the first stealth game to fully incorporate more realistic sound in terms of stealth. You can hear enemies and they can hear you if you make too much noise. Sound plays a very important role in the game as you'll need to figure out where your enemies are and for when you need to eavesdrop on them for more information.Thief is still highly regarded along with the second game, Metal Age. Modern stealth games are becoming very gimmicky, one of the reasons why Thief is still considered superior to most stealth games despite its age. You want the ultimate challenge in stealth? Then get Thief Gold. Even better, get the whole original trilogy."
,Recommended,211600,34025617,Posted: 4 August,all,Eliian,"A game that could make you the gamer want to sit perfectly still and hold your breathe so as not to alert the guard. That gave you that heart-pounding moment of panic when entering a brightly lit room and seeing the door opposite start to open. A game where you would voluntarily sit in a shadow in a corner motionless for 5 minutes just to watch the guard patrol patterns, and where you would be try to be aware of everything in the area not just what's in front of you, but in every direction. One of the greatest stealth games ever. There is so much nuance in the mecanics. It is very easy to see how all the games after it have borrowed from it. While at the same time great mechanics were lost, never to show up outside this franchise.The only issue I have with it is the story. I know people love it and give it all the praise. For me it still is and always will be medicore. Garrett is boring and never gave me a reason to care about him. Just his moaning and groaning. This goes on for awhile until the actual plot comes along with little to hook into. Surface level mythology and vaguness are not good enough. Seems to me that people mistake the immersion given to them from the actual game with an immersion given from the story."
,Recommended,211600,31772865,Posted: 15 May,all,Hunter,"Kids nowadays don't know what is being subtle, this game made me preciate the sounds like steps and people talking in other rooms, there was no radar, just your intuition.You do things as your regular day-to-day things in this game, you get inside people's mansions and steal their belongs, have a hand drawn map wich is not specific so you still have to figure out were to go instead of walk in a straight line to the objective while taking all the money bags, paintings, and jewelry in your path.Always reading a few papers to know where is all the loot to begin with.Forget about trying to combat the guards, they just out number you so you better learn to be sneaky[or save very often just to not do all the level again because you screw up at the end]The only complain i have with this game is the levels with undeads, they are easy to sneak up and but if the get you[Barbara] you're dead, and the only way to kill them is with holy water wich makes the game a dungeon crawler during that part.The second game is more steampunk but this still good and the one that started allA true First Person Stealth game, a classic and a must play for every stealth aficionado."
,Recommended,211600,8012028,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,[GND] Jester,"Thief has aged very well, and it is still one of the better stealth games around.  In fact, it's far more advanced than and superior to the entire Metal Gear Solid franchise.  It boasts a distinct, wonderful style and really encourages exploration.  Levels are very large and non-linear, so you'll have plenty of ways to sneak around.Gameplay mechanics are what you'd expect to find in a good stealth game, including but not limited to dynamic light sources that can be disabled, smart AI whose vision is actually affected by lighting, almost endless object interaction, you can carry and hide bodies, lockpicking is included, doors accurately block out sounds, good climbing system, the list goes on.  Play this game and the entire franchise, and remember to think outside the box and get creative.Must be played with New Dark and HD texture mod, both of which can be found here.http://www.moddb.com/mods/thief-gold-hd-texture-mod"
,Recommended,211600,22800764,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ozelot,"When evening in the town was gray,His footsteps came so barely heard.Before the dawn he went away,To disappear without a word.He traveled to and yonder by,To sneak and steal and run away.His skills unmatched for those who try,And who he is, no one can say.The Watchman Guard and Soldiers grew,To be knocked down without a fight.A thief he is, a good one too,A hooded demon who stalks the night.A deadly sword, a stealing hand,His skills, he says, they can be sold.The guards, they want to reprimand,This weary pilgrim on the road.His face was hidden in his hood,His dagger hangs from waist.To steal from those he can and would,A grin upon his silent face.His quiet stride upon light wings,And under darkness he masters all,To take from those who would be kings,And answer night's great silent call.A Lord of Lies, crowned a Thief,The silenced echoes were heard afar.The jobs he pulled beyond belief,To follow where the shadows are."
,Recommended,211600,32700040,Posted: 23 June,all,NeoN_IDEntity,"Fantastic game from another era where you weren't 'spoonfed'objective on minimaps/huds and game design was actually challenging.Thief is still king of stealth games, and its levels are huge and without a detailed map you will always feel 'lost'somehow but that is part of the game design.With 3 difficulty levels that often alter the map and always add/remove specific objectives, Thief is a long game well worth its praise and with 2 mods it will even have decent graphics.This one has a darker and more supernatural mood that its sequel , and like T2 is one of those games one should play at least once."
76561198010773264,Recommended,211600,16819224,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jimson [SG],"tl;dr Anyone who says to play other Thief games first is an ignoramus. No nostalgia either, I'd never played this before June 2015. This is an amazing game with great dialogue, AI that is still impressive, and one of the most unique and interesting stories in gaming, as well as the best in all of Thief.I'm currently playing the Thief series, and this particular entry gets a lot of hate for bad reasons. Put simply, it's more open-ended than later games in the series in that only about half the game is thieving and stealth. Many of the missions, particularly in the second half of the game, involve survival horror style running from (or fighting if you're good enough, more on that later) monsters, zombies, and demons. Most of the complaints against this game stem from this (""You're only a thief half the time""), and this design itself stems from the game not being a full-stealth game until very late in its development.So to answer most people's main concern, this is a great game, one of the all time great PC games, but it isn't without negative qualities to the extent its sequel is. Most people relate this to the supernatural elements, but most of the heavily supernatural missions are absolutely fantastic if taken for what they're supposed to be, creepy horror missions where you're forced to run a lot. The Lost City, Escape!, Strange Bedfellows, and The Maw of Chaos are all fantastic, and represent a ratcheting up of the scale of missions as well as intensity of story telling. The Mage Towers more than any other mission perfectly blends stealth (hedge mazes full of guards) with the supernatural (towers full of mages), and is an excellent showcase of the game's strengths.Dismissing tone complaints regarding the supernatural elements, we can begin to discuss the game's true flaws, which actually relate to a series of gimmicky stealth missions that simply aren't up to par with the rest of the stealth missions in the game nor the ones in Thief 2.There's just no way around it, Thieves Guild is a terrible terrible mission. One of the worst in any First-Person PC game. Every stereotype of bad FPS design is showcased, it's a confusing blend of underground tunnels and sewers. It reminds you of every level you got stuck in in games like this growing up, and there's no way to defend it. It's worse than just confusing too, in addition to being the second largest level in the game, the objectives even on lower difficulties require you to backtrack at least twice over 75% of the level's length. The gimmick here is that the ""thieves"" who own the guild keep keys to two locked doors in two different bases, so unlocking the final door requires going to the first, then the second, then back to the first, then back to the second. On higher difficulties, you still have to walk back a third time to escape. Awful.And while I'm discussing missions I dread when replaying it, Undercover also deserves special mention. Up until this late game mission, I had no idea this game even had NPC AI, as every NPC met up until this point was either found already dead or rattled off a single line of dialogue before dying where they stood. The mission involves dressing up in hammer garb and raiding a hammerite temple for a key stored within. This is better in description than execution, and it becomes immediately obvious the engine wasn't designed for this sort of thing. I've never done this mission without having certain hammers automatically distrust me, turning the game into a match of ""avoid the 1 hammer"" walking around looking suspicious while the other hammers completely ignore you. The mission ends with a timed race to flip 5 switches that are impossible to find without a guide. The game actively tells you where to look via scrolls, but 3 of the switches in particular are all but impossible to find even with these clues. One clue tells you to check by an Oven, with the stage having two Ovens, and the wrong one being much easier to find. Another one tells you to check behind a tree, but gives no indication of which tree, causing you to strafe circles around trees looking for a switch that's actually under the fence surrounding the trees. Awful.Everything else about this game is good though. If you can skip or speed through those two missions, a great game awaits you. Unlike Thief 2 with its forced stealth, Thief Gold puts no restrictions on your movement. If you want to, you can play it as the sword fighting game it was originally intended to be and fight every single guard and monster. A talented swordsman can defeat any enemy in this game except the bee-shooting-praying-mantis-men without taking a hit, and you have a bow for enemies like the mantis men with ranged attacks. Your maximum movement speed is likewise, never capped, so all your favorite classic FPS advanced movement works here, including one of my favorite versions of bunnyhopping ever. Instead of putting a speed cap on bunnyhopping, going too fast results in a build up of centrifugal force that tilts your perspective back. When you go at these speeds you can actually hear Garrett's individual footsteps speeding up, until you go so fast Garrett's feet can't keep up and you fall on your head and die. So going fast is an exhilarating gamble, and mastery of bunny hopping involves capping your own speed by letting Garrett take a few ground steps every jump once you reach full speed. I'd love to see something like this in a modern shooter.I've seen some suggest that this bunny hopping somehow ruins the game, a notion that I completely reject. No one is forcing you to bunny hop through the whole game, it just provides a second emergent gameplay style for people who want to chop up crab people with swords while flying through the air at 90 miles per hour.Taking it as an entire package, this is a great game. It's not in the running for best game of all time like Thief 2, System Shock 2, and Deus Ex, but it's still a solid 9 or 10 out of 10 game, and is up there with games like Quake 1 in level design and gameplay. In addition, the story is absolutely fantastic, and is significantly better than Thief 2's, as well as being roughly as good as System Shock 2's and almost as good as Deus Ex's. Without spoiling anything, the Trickster is objectively up there with SHODAN, and in my own opinion much scarier, though I think that partially relates to my own fears.P.S. Setting is Medieval, not Steampunk. This was probably played out at the time, but now that steampunk has been done to death this simply makes the game feel more unique than its steampunk sequels."
,Recommended,211600,25775288,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Builderpro,"I can attempt to go loud, but the guards just give up after 2 minuites. So, Skyrim ripped this game's stealth mechanic.10/10 -MetacriticFor a more serious review, continue reading.Thief Gold is a game all about stealth, no going loud in this game. It has a linear objective, but you can execute those objectives any way you want. This can be compared to the Hitman games. Thief is all about learning from your surroundings, one example of this is in the ""Assassins"" levelIf you enter via the library by heading to the right part of the courtyard and jumping onto the roof to the balcony. You can hear two servances complaning about the master, but will hint that there is loot in the basement.Sometimes, the game is a little too cryptic, and only internet fourms can help you out with that. Even after playing this game for 10 hours (As of 9/29/16) I have still not beaten this game, meaning that you will have to dedicate time to this game. If you are turned off by this game because of the graphics. First off, ♥♥♥♥ you this game was made in 1998 not everything has lens flairs. Second off, this game has an amazing real-time lighting. While it is not shown from moving light, it is shown from when you shoot a water arrow at a torch. I think that was revolutionary for its time, but I was born in the 2000's so don't think than I'm credible. All in all, this game was amazing, even for todays standards. But I heard that they made a remake, that I heard sucks. ♥♥♥♥ remakes."
,Recommended,211600,27219800,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bread,"One of the first 3D games. The most original game i have ever played in my life. Would replay it for fun. Make sure you use headphones for the hypnotic humming sounds you will hear althrough the game. If you want to enjoy this old game even more, i suggest you to install DDFix to play Thief on widescreen :)"
76561198100782135,Recommended,211600,11970851,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Sir.Reginald,"2spooky4meEdit: Seriously though, It might be because I get scared easily but this game is fifteen years old and still has one of the most tense and scary atmospheres I have ever played in, You should also download the hd texture mod for this because it kinda needs it and it breaths new life into the game"
76561197984223677,Recommended,211600,26209240,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Captain Bro Fuckles,"Where to even start with this game? This game is the crown jewel of stealth games. Never has any stealth game in my opinion ever put a torch to Thief: TDP. Imagine this game as a fine aged wine if you will. Sip it slowly and really ""taste"" the game as you play it. The main character is one you will quickly fall in love with and the voice acting and dialog is incredibley well written and acted. The art is unique and creates a immersive and original world that is shrouded in mystery. Often you will wish that you only knew more about the setting and characters as the game often teases you with just enough to make you play the next level. The plot develops at a reasonable and sensible pace making you feel that the developers really thought this game out. The gameplay is suspensful and it does not pander to the inexpierenced player like most AAA games do today. The AI is still rather sophisticated given the games age and the levels are well designed, pushing the player in the right direction without holding the players hand. Unfortunately the modern interpretation of the game by Square Enix simply is utter garbage compared to this original. If you are a true a computer gaming fan, do yourself a favor and add this game to your collection. Almost anyone with good taste will agree that Thief: TDP and its sequel, Thief: TMA are timeless classics from a golden age of gaming history."
76561198046645418,Recommended,211600,23437021,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,idaelf,"Never underestimate the power of a game made in 98. If you like stealth games, this is what you're looking for.Also, there are cutscenes (mission briefings) in this game and if they don't work for you follow the instructions here ->http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=293411786<- and they should start working - worked for me!"
,Recommended,211600,10907801,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jsizzle™,Thief along with Metal Gear shaped the stealth genre and to this day still nothing can rival this first person stealth game... You are placed in huge mission areas and its up to you to use your wits and problem solving skills to over come each and every obstacle Garrett(MasterThief) faces. Thief Gold has an incredible amount of depth partly because the man who is behind Bioshock had a big influence on this game.On a side note the visuals in this game can be somewhat bland but in my opinion that is no reason to bring the score down since there are so many amazing modders that keep this game running with the big boys even today.R.I.P Looking Glass StudiosPersonal rating: 9.6/10
,Recommended,211600,23966138,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Chris,"Any time spent playing Thief is time well spent. Other games put through the test of time fail, but Thief stays at the top with one of the best atmospheres in gaming & the amount of different playstyles you can play with. Sure, it's graphics & models may be outdated, but you can fix that relatively easily with a simple mod or two. If you're going to play this game, good luck, & have fun."
76561198079321536,Recommended,211600,15410805,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,peach time,come out ur♥♥♥♥♥♥is gone
,Recommended,211600,15463971,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"One of the best games ever made.As a standalone game, Thief - The Dark Project, is a wonderful stealth based game, with a protaganist that will always be remembered.The story sneaks up on you. It starts out small, with you simply trying to get some money to live by, and suddenly you're in an epic, fighting for your, and everyone elses, life.Combined with the second, and the third game (ignore the fourth), this game not only gives you a lovely story for each one, but the games complete eachother completely.You go full circle.These games deal with what happens when extremes get the upper hand. What you think is evil, might not be, and what you think is good, is not certain to be. When neither exists, that might prove to be even worse. Everything needs a balance.That is what the thief games, as a whole (ignore the fourth), deals with. That is what they put you in the middle of.Seriously...This game... no, not only this one. The first 3, are my favorite games of ALL TIME. I've played alot of games. I've put countless of hours into games of all forms. This serie is my top choice.Do you like a good story? How about sneaking? Stealing stuff? Need a challange?Thief provides you with all of these things and more.Buy this game. Buy all of them."
76561198092538524,Recommended,211600,21338994,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Uncle Feel,"This series of games except the 2014 one is so amazingly great that im getting a hard-on just by writing a review for it. But in all seriousness, this game plus the two that came after it are in my opinion are the grandfather of spooky stealth games. And because of the fantastic community it has, they continue to be updated by fan made patches that ordinary people took their own time to make just so everyone else can enjoy these games one last time just for some nostalgia."
76561198081010369,Recommended,211600,6969465,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Dubba_D,"For me, the Stealth subgenre is my little sweet treat in Action games. I'm not one for ""realistic"" military shooters like CoD or BF (love TF2 and CS:S, though), but then there are games such as MGS and Hitman that I can take to and hide in the shadows, preying on my victims. But the special formula, for me, is a FPS (First Person Sneaker). The charm with it is that I may be preying on one person, but may not even notice who's behind me, and subsequently get caught. Today's game does just that. Thief Gold is one of my favorite ""action"" games of all time, and here's why I think it's worth the investment.I'd like to go over some point while discussing Thief:1.Presentation2.Gameplay3.OverallReady? Let's go!At first glance, Thief really does show it's age with the Dark Engine. Skeletal animation is quite intergrated with some muscular animations, providing rather overdramatic deaths (if any, which will be discussed below). Enviroments are very blocky (or shall I say, simplistically geometric) as polygonal maps are painted with 2-D textures. What may also annoy you is the audio. But not the voice acting, or the music, oh no. It's the more subtle features, like footsteps, and loud dings. What makes up for this, however, are some very artistic cutscenes done in the fashion of victorian oil-paintings. Lighting is also impressively done, as darkness can overcome your sense of vision, yet the game will want you to run from the light when possible. Mentioning the voice-acting earlier, there are some pretty witty lines to be overheard in Thief: Gold, as guards and civilians may converse with each other under a scripted fashion, and will even mutter to themselves with humorous intent. Some of the NPCs sound very wimpy, yet some undead enemies will really freighten you with their demonic chanting and sinfully evil laughter. Even some of the cutscenes with leave you breathlessly in despair. That said, Thief really does show its presentful values with an excellently crafted story, as well as its protagonist. For in Thief, the players' intentions are personified into Garret, a misanthropic nobody with utter disregard for human sympathy, thus thrusting his life into that of cold lonliness upon which he accepts, nontheless. What drives Garret to keep living the way he does, however, is the challenge of a hiest. Likewise, it's the challenge in every level of Thief: Gold that'll want you to keep looking for more loot. These ambitions will lead Garret to rob enormous manors, a mountainside prison, an ancient, subterrainean city lost to the anals (I mean annals) of time, the Thieves Guild (how's that for a TES reference), a madhouse, a wizards' synod, an opera house, and even the depths of Hell, themselves. Thief: Gold really does present itself rather well when you look deeply enough, but that's only one reason to buy this game.Point Two: GameplayUnder its point of view, Thief: Gold works a lot like your typical FPS under its basic set. Move the mouse around to move the camera, left-click to use a weapon, right-click to use an item. The controls are a little different, though. To move, you use S, Z, X, C rather than your typical WASD format. In fact, you press W to sprint, rather than holding the Shift key. Use Q and E to lean in their respected directions, as a means to peek around corners, checking for guards. You also have a set array of weapons. Garret has a sword for hairy confrontations, a blackjack for knocking out patrols, and a Bow with several sets of arrows, including rope and water arrows. He can also lug around flashbombs for quick getaways, healing potions to mend wounds, and speed potions to hasten his running speed. These are just a few examples of weapons and gadgets you may use in Thief. But you don't really have to use a sword or broadpoint arrows to get past an enemy. You could indiscriminatly kill everyone in every level, and at the same time, you can beat the game without killing a single soul. Crafty thieves will use their environments to their advantage, throwing objects for distraction, finding secret entry points, and patiently hiding in the shadows, waiting for a chance to strike. This game really rewards the patient and insightful, while tolerating the maniaclly homicidal. Of course, the homicidal will need to be patient to, as heading straight on into a confrontation will more than likely get you killed. See, Garret is NOT a tank. He can die within a few hits of a blade, or a few arrows to the chest. Even the sneaky will need to be cautious, as these guards will use thier sights and sounds to sniff you out of the shadows if they so much as suspect you. In turn, however, you are a master sneak, being able to hide in plain sight if you're cloaked in a dark shadow, or run a marathon on a bathroom carpet (for what that's worth). By the way, whatever you do, don't step on tile floors. They are your worst enemy possible, as every step you take can be hear within the nearest 20 yard radius. That said, Thief is a successful stealth game, giving you a light meter to show how visible you are to an enemy, rewarding exploration with tons of loot and secrets to reveal, and providing weapons only in self-defense rather than assault. If anything, the gameplay is where Thief: Gold truly shines.Point Three: OverallGiven the games' age, it's easy to see how obsolete the Dark Engine is. But also has a reputation of providing masterful games with rich storytelling and gameplay aspects, with Thief: Gold as a shining prodigy. It's a very functional sneak 'em up, with about 60+ hours of gameplay, and more if you go back on higher difficulties. It's an obvious cult-classic being the ghost-father of modern gaming, providing intelligent enemies, a powerful storyline, immersive gameplay, and just being an exemplar of stealth games, in general. I would highly recommend buying Thief even today.This game has been Dubb-approved."
76561198041817041,Recommended,211600,14668088,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Technico,Its a really good game. Takes me back to the good ol' days of Windows 95 and Windows XP. *sigh* Ahhhh the nostalgia :)
,Recommended,211600,9616686,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Cypher,"Simply amazing. Pioneered the stealth genre. I beat the game on hard but had to turn the difficulty down to normal starting on the last few missions due to a few frustrating bits.Great storyline, amazing cutscenes, funny voice acting, and good gameplay come together in one big heap of awesomeness, but near the end the game seems to focus too much on the supernatural. The second game has much less zombies and such in it.I recommend it greatly for anyone who is curious about buying it."
76561197995194113,Recommended,211600,24697673,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Rivan-G468,"This game was a crown jewel in my childhood, one of the best original stealth games I have ever played. Great story, challenging levels, and despite its age, is still to this day one of my all time favorites."
,Recommended,211600,25664739,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Inverse//,"The graphics and controls show their age, obviously; even so, this is one of the best stealth games in my collection. If you're even remotely interested in the genre, it's worth picking up, even at full price ($6.99)."
,Recommended,211600,25501199,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Immortal,"(This game holds up well and works on W7 64-bit no problems.)A stealth game from ""the golden age"" of gaming where stealth isn't the Splinter Cell ""kill everything that moves and maybe sneak past a camera"" and actually means sneak.  If for some reason you're 100% new to this series you play Garrett, a thief whose motivation to steal is to pay his rent.  Throughout the game you go from a pickpocket on the streets to planning your retirement.This game has a pretty good stealth system even by today's standards in that you need to pay attention to how visible you are and how loud you're being as you move around.  The tools Garrett has at his disposal allows you to actually be a ghost through most (if not all) missions and get through them all without being actively seen by the servants, guards, ghosts, spiders, ghosts, crabs, zombies, grasshopper things, monkeys, frog-beasts, fire elementals, or even hammerite ghosts.  All while turning a nice profit to pay your rent.  For $7 you can't get much of a better deal."
,Recommended,211600,9719728,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,( -_･) ︻デ═一,This game is awesome and amazingly advance for it's time.
76561198089262135,Recommended,211600,29344611,Posted: 18 January,all,Grillsen,best stealth game ever nothing else even comes close
76561198013138577,Recommended,211600,17209921,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,the.borg,"10/10 !games like this are simply not made anymore !here are few things that i liked about this game:1)level design - each level is huge , while this game doesn't have today level of graphics the textures in this game are simply beautiful, rooms have nice pictures , everything is well placed , each level contain many paths to the target, each level is whole new world for example some of the levels are played in an urban enviroment , some are played inrural areas , some levels are logical and some are totaly crazzy or even psychedelic2)secrets , puzzles , traps - each level in this game contain so much secret locations , even that you think that you seen everything there is always more hidden content , there are hidden rooms in so many places in this game , the cool thing is that this game allow you to continue with normal gameplay even if you didn't find hidden stuff , but when you find it such a nice feeling, also some places contain very cool traps in some levels you get the feeling like you are an the firstexplorer of some ancient pyramid :)3)many different kind of enemies - you have to deal with simple human guards, mages, zombies , ghosts,spiders , mantis like creatures and there are even mini dinosaurs :) and flying fireballs4)you can use alot of equipment5)very good lock picking system (comparing to thief deadly shadow)6)excellent soundtrack - the game makers did a very good job assigning each area of the game its own special soundtrack7)alot of content - you can find many texts and books to read which add alot to the story, also the conversions between guards help you to get clues about the level that you doing.since i played this game after playing thief deadly shadows , i must say that this game is superior to thief deadly shadowfrom the following reasons:1)no more walking in the city - thief dealy shadow had very annoying concept which force you to travel in the city between missions , this one simply give you mission after mission without useless traveling2)no more loading screens - there are no loading sections between different areas of the map3)huge levels - unlike thief deadly shadows the levels in this game are very big and better designed4)rope arrow - a much better system than the climbing gloves5)its simply more fun :)this game is a wonderful expirence and its well worth buying !"
76561198056956228,Recommended,211600,9228740,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Vallarfax,"An extremely great game. It's a classic too! The story and gameplay are both superb. Obviously it is an old game, so its graphics aren't the best, but who cares!? Would recommend this to anyone who likes or wants a stealth game! But, if you don't like a bit of horror included, then this isn't the game for you. And if that is the case, try out Thief 2 or the new Thief!"
,Recommended,211600,9363425,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Jragghen,"An absolute classic.Thief: The Dark Project was one of the first games which spawned the stealth genre as we know it today, along with Metal Gear Solid and Tenchu, and still holds its place as among the best games the genre has ever produced. Thief: Gold is effectively the ""Game of the Year"" edition which includes two extra maps (which admittedly are among the weaker ones in the games). In the game, you play as Garret, a master thief who contains a jewel which notes his visibility at all times, and you use it and your other skills (specialty arrows and especially listening skills) to sneak your way through levels pilfering everything along the way. It is played from a first-person perspective, so there's no means to be able to see around corners, which leads to a claustrophobic experience and requires patience to move forwards, listening carefully for what might be ahead.I poured an enormous number of hours into this game and its sequel when I was younger (prior to Steam), and had replayed them relatively recently - while the graphics have certainly aged, the atmosphere and gameplay have not, and they're well worth checking out. The mod community has put out a wise variety of patches to help those on modern systems play teh games, and the sequel has an entire new ""sequel"" campaign that was made for it.I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198016846331,Recommended,211600,30759368,Posted: 26 March,all,Gattaka,"Pros:- first played in 2017- finished in almost single run- was suprised how good this game is in first run even if played after so many years- played on win7, stable, no problems- nice implementation of combat (compared to smash-till-die style in other games)- definitely must-try game of the stealth genreCons:- swimming felt sometimes clumsy- enemies may shoot you even if they are turned back to you...- jump+climb didn't work always on first try"
76561197973952918,Recommended,211600,9046345,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,blu_light16,"Thief Gold (an expanded version of Thief: The Dark Project) is a stealth-oriented game with a mature sense of style. The visuals are dated by today's standards, but the audio is immersive, the story is excellent, and the gameplay has a good deal of depth and variety. An outstanding old-school PC game.(Rating: 9/10 ""Great"")"
76561198285593729,Recommended,211600,25789376,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BiggestBigot,I've been playing Thief since it's original release. I've always been a huge fan of the series. Such a unique game and a great story line. It's definitelty in my top 10 games of all time!
,Recommended,211600,1093041,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,ThatDarnOwl,"There are very few games I consider objectively perfect, and Thief ranks extremely high on that list.Thief is a pure hardcore first person stealth game, and it largely tests your impatience. Your enemies all fight better then you do, and they call for reinforcements faster then you can press the quickload key. As a result the game encourages you to slow down, and as you do so take in the extremely impressive sound and environment design. As well as it's amazing storytelling.It's a game that features a very diverse amount of environments. From drab castles, old abandoned mines, crypts, to hellish alternate dimensions. It provides an amazing atmosphere and is one of the few games that consistantly keeps very good pacing (aside from the Thieves Guild mission).Believe me when I say, the only contender Thief has for greatest stealth game is probably it's sequel."
76561198040686647,Recommended,211600,30580326,Posted: 17 March,all,Corvus,"MAKE SURE YOU PATCH THIS GAME FOR THE FULL EXPERIENCE. I got a good ways in before realizing that I was missing cut scenes and not just confused by what seemed like random missions. That said, game was really fun if you like sneaky games. These were the pioneers."
76561198235168048,Recommended,211600,34562777,Posted: 28 August,all,BIg Rob,"I would definitely reccomend this game. Maybe not to someone new to the genre though. Took me about 30 hours. Some levels are a lot more fun than others, all are fun."
76561198313791720,Recommended,211600,34724668,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr Freeman,"Thanks Steam for the good game that you added in your store, reminds me the good nostalgia of the old games.10/10"
76561198044082354,Recommended,211600,13366115,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,yetifeet,"Thief is definitely one of the best games I have ever played (if not THE best game). It has an incredible atmoshpere, extremely well-made and challenging levels with various items that help you tackle challenges in different ways, a cool story with good voice acting along with it, and very good interaction with NPCs. It's amazing that a 15 year old game can stand up so well to games coming out today."
,Recommended,211600,13292002,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Desmond先輩,The game that defined the whole stealth genre and incorporated stealth mechanics that inspired many other stealth games for years to come. The maps are huge and there are multiple paths you can use to accomplish your mission objectives.The story line is cinematic and set is a dark gothic retrofuturistic victorian city.You will need a lot of patience to enjoy this one throughly.
,Recommended,211600,11159446,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Syndicas,"The Dark Project and The Metal Age, basically the best video game 1-2 of all time."
,Recommended,211600,27873499,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SarS,"18 years after release, it's still the best game I ever played (that's right, I like the Pagans, zombies and haunts more than the Mechanists). Perfect in every aspects: world, atmosphere, gameplay, plot, level design, sounds and Stephen Russell."
,Recommended,211600,30179535,Posted: 25 February,all,Hub3rtu2,"So you're this dude namedIndiana JonesGarrett and with your iconicwhipbow you visitancient ruinsmedieval mansions(and ancient ruins)in search of gold and magical artifacts through mazes and traps while dueling with a sword, yeah, you get the idea.Perfect level design, very good game mechanics allowing for some good old AI shenanigans and gameplay variety.Reeks with atmosphere and gets pretty damn spooky later on.And you use the compass to navigate through a paper map(s), no minimap/radar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Don't play on anything other than Expert."
76561197993332976,Recommended,211600,17503578,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,TheEyeOfStone,"The first true First Person Stealth game is, almost 20 years later! still the greatest First Person Stealth game.Thief has infinite replay value, a genuinely classy look and a well written story. The voice acting is top notch. The immersive and satisfying gameplay places you in a world unto itself. Multiple difficulty levels allow you to adjust the challenges and gameplay style to taste. Thief was also intrumental in bringing the steampunk look into computer games.Highest Rating. 5 Stars!"
76561197969749884,Recommended,211600,23648650,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,A pinnacle of gaming milestones of all time. The first absolutely amazingly great stealth game apart from Deux Ex. A must play.
,Recommended,211600,9071283,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Xeinok,Simply flawless classic FPS.  The ultimate looting game.
76561197985072747,Recommended,211600,1040166,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"One of the original FPS games that encouraged you not to just kill everything on the map, but also use stealth. Very good concepts with limited resources and use of light/dark mechanics. Obviously looks dated now but still worth a blast if you are more about gameplay."
,Recommended,211600,28317232,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mi name jeff,I only had the chance to play the demo for Dark Project back in the day.What an amazing game i had missed out on! A Warren Spector masterpiece.As of now it is my favorite single-player game. Everything from sound to level design is top notch.The world and story is also magnificent and impressive.The only negative thing I can think of would be the AI. It's not that great.But for 1998 and being the 1st true PC stealth game its badass. 9/10
76561198128796280,Recommended,211600,20250898,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MiddleClassBrit,"Yes Its awesome.I bought this for something to do and I thought It was so good I would buy all of them. The stealthiness and ambience created in these games are just great, and the mechanics and physics are just great. This was the 1990's and I would be very suprised, If I saw a game like this in these times.This game is 100% worth the money and is a giveaway on the 75% off steam sale, however 4.99 is a Good price.  This ios also a challenge if you look old games as you can choose difficulties which change aspects of each objective. I would HIGHLY reccomend it.The game is definetley the Title GOLD pure gold. I couldn't have asked for better."
,Recommended,211600,20574535,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,succ,the tarantino level of humor from the conversations of guards makes this 10/10 alone
,Recommended,211600,34706652,Posted: 3 September,all,kosovo sex police,probably the best stealth game ever made.  i'm not particularly happy about that.
,Recommended,211600,20082896,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Deimenried,"In Summary:Thief was a pioneer of its time, turning people away from mindless killing and over to tactful thinking and stealth. In many ways it cannot stand up to modern titles, but it surpasses others still. For anyone who is a fan of the stealth genre that spawned around this very important foundation, Thief is a must play. If not for the historic relevence it is simply good sneaky fun.Expect:Sneaking, shadows, straight lines, polygons, religious dudes, magic, getting your backside kicked, a unique steam-punk world, servants.Do NOT Expect:A thriller, amazing AI (by today's standard), fantastic graphics, to survive a fight.The LONG VersionI find it most challenging coming back to older games to review them. Firstly, there's not many who'd be reading these reviews - most people buying it on Steam owned it at one point and don't really need convincing. Secondly, it's hard to separate nostalgia from honesty. On other words, it's hard picking fault with a game you've grown up with. It's like a sibling - even though they may be flawed as a person you love them anyway. You grew up with them, they mean something to you.It has been some time since I came back to the original Thief. Last time I played it I was very young and the prospect of being caught scared me so much I barely made progress through the story. Fortunately my older, possibly more apathetic self, now desensitised from most video-game fear by the many horror games now doing the rounds, found progress much easier.The first thing you must consider is the game's age. Thief came out in 1998. To put that into perspective, Half-Life came out that same year. Games in that era were very much similar - FPS was king. Stealth hadn't really been thought of as a core game mechanic and the concept led to what became a very unique game. Rather than goading the player into massacring hundreds of would-be assailants, Thief flipped the whole playing field on its head. Combat was to be something that should be avoided and feared - it meant you'd done something wrong.The world created in Thief is rich and deep, even if it isn't overly explored and developed as lore. You get a feel for the various factions and how they fit into the society of the world. From the fervorantly religious Hammerites to the technophobic Pagans and everyone in between, the world is populated with a huge variety of people with different roles in life. This doesn't so much come to mean much over the course of general gameplay - avoiding being detected is key to your success, regardless of if there's a powerful magic user around or just a servant who might royally fudge up your day by running off and telling the guards. All the while you'll be stealing stuff. After all, the gameiscalled Thief. There are also many documents lying around which give valuable information or simply give an insight into the game world.This brings me to the storyline. Minus spoilers, naturally. Playing as master thief Garrett you'll get pulled into a very nasty and sinister plot, which echoes many a dark tale of evil. Even considering the game's age the story isn't at all bad. It takes you to many different locales from treasure-laden lordly estates to cathedrals and entire city districts abandoned to an encroaching malevolence. Even knowing such evil exists makes the least magical places seem spooky. Thief boasts one of the scariest levels in videogames. ""The Haunted Cathedral"" still sends shivers down my spine, even in the altered Thief Gold version of the level.AI-wise the game does quite well, even by today's standard. There are fixed enemy types, as you'd expect, but they each possess certain attributes which determine how they behave. For instance ghosts and apparitions are completely deaf, but are easily alerted to visual disturbance, while beastmen have heightened hearing. As a general rule, any messing about you do (making noises, picking up valuable trinkets from highly visible well-travelled locations) will trigger people to search for you. The more you do it, the longer they look and the more on-edge they get until they find you. The combat itself isn't great, and for me I'd say it was the biggest let-down in the game. The animations don't quite synch making parrying difficult.In terms of graphics Thief is very basic. It uses the first iteration of the DarkEngine, so all the humanoid models are very edgy and polygonal. The animations are what you'd expect, but they get the job done. The game mechanics are fairly solid and the mission briefs/cutscenes give you enough information to go through the levels with the minimal of guesswork. The stealth system itself is very basic. It measures stealth via light and sound. If you're stood still in a dark shadow (or sometimes a very thin shadow in a doorframe) you'll be completely invisible, regardless of surrounding lights and the sillouhette you'd think would be a dead giveaway. Enemies would have to bump into you physically to detect you.One thing I should note - Thief Gold is different to Thief: The Dark Project, the original release. Many levels were redesigned, added or removed. In some ways the changes are good, certain things are made easier whilst other things are made much more challenging. It's a mixed bag. Purists will tell you the changes are bad, but you can make up your own mind."
,Recommended,211600,13697525,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tan,"Don't let my playtime fool you, I've sunk a lot of time into Thief!I had to move it out of it's default directory and install a mod in order to fix the surround sound and actually get cutscenes to play. Other than that, this is a great game. It shows some age, particularly in some sound quality, though it was still immersive. Graphics-wise, this game was made over 16 years ago, it definitely looks a bit old with low-polygon models and simpler textures, but you still know all the important information from being in a room, wooden barrels, guardsmen, etc. Plus, there's bound to be a texture mod out there if the graphics are bugging you.The gameplay still holds up! The AI isn't the brightest, with some odd pathfinding that I've noticed, but it is not terrible. They're smart enough to make trickery and deception satisfying and meaningful.A small complaint would be the controls. By default, there are a lot of redundant and confusing keybinds set up. For example, I had to manually set A and D to strafe, so I could have Q and E used for leaning. The walking and running transition is also not retroactive, meaning that if you are walking and you suddenly need to run, you have to let go of the walk key and then run. In my setup, walk is W, run W+alt, so to run whilst walking I release W then hold down alt and press W. As opposed to Skyrim where it would be automatic. Once you spend some time getting used to the game, this isn't much of an issue, but it still slows you down some.Voice acting, dialogue, story... Classic."
,Recommended,211600,33208456,Posted: 3 July,all,scape,"Thief Gold is a rerelease of the original Thief: The Dark Project. It features 3 new missions, multiple changes to the original missions, and bug fixes.Thief Gold is a dated game and it shows through its extremely complex stealth system which is completely unmatched today due to developers trying to increase accessibility in games within the last decade, after a few hours though, these complex mechanics become second nature and you will find yourself sneaking in opera houses, prisons, tombs, cathedrals, and even an underground city, lost for years.I first played through this game this year, 2017, and enjoyed it a lot. It had its bugs and its annoyances but nothing too major. It has the best stealth mechanics in a video game ever made, hands down. Nothing matches the pure brilliance of all you can do in this game.Pros:20+ hours of gameplayMultiple ways to approach each and every missionAmazing stealth systemFan Missions add thousands of hours of gameplayAmazing level designGreat StoryCons:A few annoying missionsA couple of gamebreaking bugs (can be fixed through TFix)All in all, if you are looking for a genre-defining stealth game then look no further. This game is amazing."
,Recommended,211600,9258145,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,lRedPosion,"Even after 16 years, this is still one of the best sneaking games to date.While a lot of people are very hyped to play the new Thief 4, i rather stick to the classic Thiefs for a while. The game came out when i was born, so i got to discover it a little bit too late. I've played it before, when my brother bought it on a CD-Rom, but i  never came past the first level and i thought: ''Ok, i'll quit''.Now in 2014 however, i attempt to try this game out again and i didin't regret it. It's a wonderful stealth game where new games like ''Dark'' and other stealth games to date can learn from. It has a dark athmosphere, great levels and challanging, sometimes even scary enemies. The visuals looks stunning and so are the interesting cutscenes. I'm not a great fan of stealth games, but this one just pulled me in.[/i]Played it for 4 days straight and got very addicted to it. This is among with other classics in his age likeSystem Shock 2,Duke Nukem 3Detc an old-school game which you shouldn't miss out."
,Recommended,211600,9690004,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Cybercacoarchubus,Oh how satisfiying it is to release your inner kleptomaniac.
76561198065999421,Recommended,211600,8100000,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Lim-Dul,"Thief is a classic game and one that I remember fondly of playing years ago. It is somewhat of a first person shooter type game, but rather leans more towards the stealth type game as well. You play as Garret a master thief who cares only about stealing riches for yourself. You can kill people, or play at the highest difficulty whereas you sneak around levels without killing anyone all while trying to complete complex missions. This is the first installment of the Thief saga, but clearly a treasure to play. Each Thief game is vastly different compared to  its predecessor, but the game play and controls are generally the same. Just a very unique storyline. I'm pumped for Thief 4 to come out next year and if you are too, totally try out the first ones and figure out just what it takes to be a thief!"
,Recommended,211600,9195849,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Backwaysh,"8/10Just kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off I couldn't finish it. Its a great game, and by the time you get through half of the game, it gets better.Had to watch a video on the end game because my game was buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ But my ♥♥♥♥ I would of killed to play that last mission....sorry 9/10 bud."
,Recommended,211600,30909215,Posted: 2 April,all,McBraas,"Okay, honestly: I know this is a classic and defined the genre, but it has NOT aged well. That said, it is still more enjoyable than the reboot, by a mile. Go for it if you're a fan of Thief, or a hardcore stealth fan - otherwise maybe try it just to understand the roots of the genre. But don't expect video game magic. It's 2017. It's nearly 20 years old."
,Recommended,211600,9742349,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,prop11 [rekvisitt],"""What was that?! Must have been a rat. Say where did all the other guards go? Why are all the expensive things missing from this room? WHY IS THIS CLOSET FULL OF UNCONCIOUS BODIES?!?""stealth"
,Recommended,211600,9749557,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,ryz,"Thief is the first stealth-FPS of its kind, set in a dark fantasy world around the industrial revolution. An aural masterpiece it set new standards in atmosphere and gameplay. Thief populated the stealth genre together with Metal Gear Solid and Tenchu: Stealth Assassins in 1998. Thief is a timeless classic and will always have a special place in my heart."
76561198095482418,Recommended,211600,24917367,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Guild Slut,"Recenly got this on Steam and its just as great as i remmber from when i was a kid. Thief is a game about a dude that steals♥♥♥♥♥♥and hits people. and its a great experience. But the selling point of the game unique in its time. Today, stealth is about stalking in the shadows and taking out your enemies with ease. You can slit their throats, take them down with a expertly placed arrow to the spine, whatever you want. But stealth back then was about environment more than anything. One of the reasons that the Thief franchise was so beloved is the immersive effect on the world. Everyone who has played the game will recall moments of standing in the shadows and having a curious guard creep over to them like a teacher who suspects you having a pocket knife. and then they move their torso around like an action figure and say ""IS THAT THEE????"" get it"
76561197972442783,Recommended,211600,25577012,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Skarhead,"An excellent stealth game, very fun with tons of replay value.  However it does require third party patches/updates.  The Steam version runs rough, but once Newdark updates done runs better than ever.The graphics are certainly dated, the dark engine was never known for its graphics.  So that aspect of the game has aged poorly.  The gameplay is solid though with tons of hours worth of content.  Plus there are hundreds of fan missions to enjoy.I personally prefer Thief 2 over Thief 1, but still cant recommend this one enough.  Get it, its well worth the price."
,Recommended,211600,29286415,Posted: 15 January,all,SAY10,"I was lucky enough to play this game when it was released. Still one of the best game out there. This game had everything: charismatic main protagonist and villains (Garrett, Viktoria, the Trickster etc.), a great new engine (Dark Engine which featured new alpha blending, texture filtering and lighting techniques... all quiet revolutionary back than). Great game and level design (It was designed to be largely unscripted; events, instead of being pre-defined by designers, occur naturally.) Great gameplay (Thief focused on stealth and evasion from a first-person perspective, and not full frontal action.) Atmosphere (The game takes place in a metropolis called ""the City"" which has been noted to contain elements of fantasy, the Middle Ages and the Industrial Revolution.) Cutscenes (They were partly animated, partly made with live actors and motion capture technology). Even today the Thief series is the ultimate stealth game in gaming history. The stealth system was very new when the game was released. The player had to rely on the environment to avoid being detected. Shadows could be used to avoid notice; a monitor on the heads-up display (HUD) indicated the player character's visibility level. The player could lean, crouch, climb, swim and run, among other actions. Surfaces caused varying amounts of noise; for example, carpet is quiet and ceramic tiles are very loud. Enemies were reacting to these factors, and players could manipulate these element of gameplay to distract NPCs etc. Go play Thief:TDS than go and play the rest of the series"
,Recommended,211600,14369803,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ths [cro],Greatest game ever! :)
76561198083614011,Recommended,211600,18311334,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Lil Bee A.K.A. Yung Bumble,I still can't beat the first level so the rest of the game must be good
,Recommended,211600,33108066,Posted: 1 July,all,N'wah With Attitude,Best stealth game ever.-Hard af-Doesn't hand hold.-God tier level design-Encourages you to actually go stealth instead of running around like a maniac-Very hard is very hard. Haven't even completed the first level yet.EDIT: Have completed first level.
76561198097424781,Recommended,211600,22100472,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sage,"I haven't played much of this but holy ♥♥♥♥, the game is immersive as♥♥♥♥♥♥for an old game. It makes you feel like you are an actual thief in this world, sneaking into a castle to steal everything! It gets a upvote just because of the immersion!"
,Recommended,211600,3324488,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,blacksheepaway,"What this game have in fun, it also have in difficult. If you're into difficulty, stealth and quick thinking, Thief is for you. Otherwise, don't buy it."
,Recommended,211600,9794763,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Royal Scrub,Best stealth action game ever 10\10 nothing else to say !
,Recommended,211600,8562688,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Droog,It is a classic and very exciting stealth game
,Recommended,211600,21165562,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BIGGIE popz,"Do you think you can master the art of thievery  like the Master Thief Garret? Well, I found out that I was worthy of this challenging experience and this was one of the best play throughs I have ever managed to accomplish, even after all of quick loads/saves, deaths, mistakes, and retries. Thief Gold is an amazing Stealth game that allows the player to take control of the most beautifully created protagonist, Garret the Master Thief, as he slips in and out of the shadows to knockout his enemies, steal a bunch of pricy loot in gain for personal adavantages, pickpocket enemies for quick access to locked doors: truly a master of it all really.Thief Gold introduces a new sort of gameplay style, one where you have to think about every action that you perform, it can be fluid if done properly, but if one were to mess up  (i.e. failed attempt to knock out a guard) all hell can break lose. Every action is yours to think about, where you want to go, how you want to get there, who do you need to knockout in order to get there, etc. etc. In order to be a Master Thief one must think like a Master Thief, use your wits to your advantage, stay in the shadows as much as possible and dont forget to quick save whenever you feel the need necessary. Can't seem to figure out how to obtain all of the objectives or find the right way to go, then just restart the mission, there is NO PENALTY in doing so, there is only progression and sometimes restarting will only freshen your mind and will help you accomplish the mission with ease. So please do yourself a favor and pleaseeeeee please please try this amazing stealth game out, you WILL NOT be disappointed with it.10/10 would bang again. Thank you, I'll be here all night."
76561198191240403,Recommended,211600,20063481,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,petaswoody,"This game is what gaming is all about. In its day was one of those games that just caught you up and made you want to play it. Unlike most games, I imagine people that played this game when it came out played it to the end. Which can't be said for alot of titles. Love it!"
,Recommended,211600,20135382,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DropToZro,Just finished Thief:Gold/The Dark ProjectFirst time I ever played it.  Wow. For an old game this is good.  This game is an original stealth game that doesn't hold your hand like many modern stealth games do with things like vision cones.I found out how bad I am at stealth haha.  Got better though.Would get lost getting chased around the Hammerite stronghold by 10 guards again.9/10
,Recommended,211600,18988095,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,RiddickTheKiller,"Thief is a game with a legacy that spans far more wide than its sequels. Incredibly innovative game mechanics for the time, crowning a dark and gloomy narrative masterpiece. 10/10"
76561198053521602,Recommended,211600,15852121,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Manic101,"For some reason, my game came with not cutscenes"
76561198013820698,Recommended,211600,26459097,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Firstname,"Thief is a game that has shaped and made the ""stealth"" genre we see today. Without a doubt, it is a masterpiece.However, like most stealth games it is not for everyone. Patience, planning and being prepared is key.Also bear in mind, in Thief you do not play an assassin. Only the greatest thief alive, Garrett."
76561198000604559,Recommended,211600,28002237,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ejgremlin,One of the best games of all time and without a doubt the best stealth game of all time. While the graphics may have been underwelming even for the time the sound system that was created for the game is still one of the best. A solid game concept with equally solid execution and an immersive experience make this game one of my favorites.
,Recommended,211600,28928784,Posted: 1 January,all,R3T.R0,"I played a bit of Thief (2014) before but I wasn't satisfied with it (the thieving aspect felt lackluster and dumbed-down). I took some notice however to the praise its predecessors have received. I then bought Thief Gold for 1.74€ on sale, a steal of a deal and it can't hurt. I have played the first 3 missions so far (excluding the tutorial) and saved currently on the 4th which I am nearly done with.I am absolutely astounded how much fun I have and feel kind of sad that the reboot was distancing itself from its roots.The sound design is great. It's important to consider the sound you make by walking (different surfaces produce different volumes of sound). You also have to listen to enemies which you cannot directly see and it goes along nicely with the stealth mechanics (hiding in the shadows and judging different lighting conditions).The levels are usually very large and allow for many different approaches. However, they might be too time-consuming. I spent one and a half hour just for the Prison one. I like the slow gameplay of it (it's a nice change of pace with all the fast-paced games we currently have) but it certainly is unappealing for some.The AI is hard for me to judge. If I move to recklessly, they will either hear me and scout me out that way or see and aleart other guards. They do feel kind of dumb at sometimes but I can't expect a perfect replication of human behaviour. Obviously not from a game from 1998 and it could make some levels a tad too hard.The fighting is kind of strange and unnatural, but I'm fine with it as you usually don't want to fight at all or head on.I absolutely recommend Thief Gold, playing a game barely older than oneself is interesting and I'll definitely pick up Thief 2 and Thief: Deadly Shadows at some point once I'm done with this one.SOME TIPS BEFORE PLAYING:The game will probably not support the resolution you're using, to fix that and many other issues, I recommend downloading TFix 1.23 (as of this writing). You can find it here:http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=134733The Intro video and mission briefings will not be played properly, I fixed it by running ""THIEF.exe"" in the installed directory as administrator (Windows 7 64 bit). Thanks for the fix to some person on the Internet who mentioned it.I already mentioned that I'm barely older than this game so using the default controls was very weird. There is a steam guide which includes ""Modern Thief Controls"", you can find it here.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=202745244You should try playing the game at Expert,  it's a lot more fun trying to finish the additional objectives. Difficulty affects only the number of objectives and number of enemies as far as I'm concerned, so your starting inventory will stay the same."
76561198277426540,Recommended,211600,20714801,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,bryanhopper,"Enjoying this old game a lot after more than a decade, very subtle for it's time, much nostalgia.  Playing on a Surface Pro 4, no problems."
,Recommended,211600,19467431,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Greg,"If they've done better stealth games than the first 3 iterations of Thief, nobody has told me about them. I've played this game at least 3 times (maybe 4), and I will almost certainly play it again. It's one of my all-time favorites."
,Recommended,211600,19536760,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[McD] James,"Thief: The Dark Project pioneered an entire subgenre with its innovative stealth mechanics, superbly designed missions, and impeccable writing. A timeless masterpiece."
76561198019906160,Recommended,211600,20123441,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NetMoverSitan,"A genre definer where the basic premise of the game is to sneak around different places and steal everything of value that you can find (without killing anyone on the hardest difficulty) using a combination of stealth, trick arrows and a number of gadgets that can either be bought or picked up. A nice blend of First Person Shooter and Stealth where you have to think carefully about how you want to do things with no set path in places, if you can see a better way, take it. (if you have a means of accessing it)A well made plot, intro cutscenes that use dry wit to detail what the main objective is and a shop in-between missions that allows you to select what you want to take with you in the mission that you're on. It has a tutorial that isn't forced on you, so if you want to skip it, you have that option."
76561198141891147,Recommended,211600,20699302,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Nexus,Very VERY good game.
76561198035351179,Recommended,211600,20192562,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZaNdAlOr-02,"Great game one of the best stealth games i have ever played.  You play as Garret the master thief and you must loot your way through tons of levels. Although it is a linear game there are many secret areas and alternate routes you can use to get to the objectives. You get a decent choice of weapons to use , but my favourite thing about the game are the creepy atmospheric levels you play through.Known to be one of the best pc games released you should play this game."
76561198202169624,Recommended,211600,18815554,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Skipping Assassin,"This is what made the stealth genre what it was.Very Old school stealth=Any sound will get you killedBest sound design in a stealth gameDONT PLAY THE 2014 EDITION its sad to admit this but the 2014 ""Thief"" dosnt  feel anything like this and they were trying to copy games that did Thief The Dark Project formula well. I know people people disagree when I say this but Dishonored and Styx master of shadows  are the best modern eculivents you can find"
76561197963877259,Recommended,211600,19546066,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[Dead-6]Nazgul,Old games never seems to be boring. Enjoyed this game after replaying it. Back in time I only played the demo. Now I have completed it on easy mode. Thank you steam for bringing back this game.
76561198054613590,Recommended,211600,5717663,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,historiainferro,"The very best game in the series and the best one in the genre. Varied levels, opposed to the second game, and pleanty enough of chances for nitty-gritty stealthing about. Challenging, but not impossible. One of best settings in video game history, packed with opposing ideals. -- And all of that in amidst a Dark Project..."
,Recommended,211600,19199950,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,--,"This is definitely one of my all time favorite video games ever that every taffer out there should at least try out.Here are the pros and cons:PROS- The amazing sound design, this is absolutely Thief franchise's best features. Not only does it help player get deeply immersed in the dark and mysterious world, but it also works as an effective way to determine enemy locations.- Impressive shadow based stealth system for its time, in a matter of fact this might be the very first sneaking game that uses darkness as the main tool for hiding.- The graphics, they aren't bad that's for sure, especially for a slow paced 1998 game that puts a high focus on environment and exploration (Just remember to NOT play on the software mode).- The main protagonist, there's just something charismatic about everybody's favorite cynical and snarky thief, Garrett.CONS- Spiders...Mother♥♥♥♥ing spiders everywhere, damn i'm glad they fixed this in Thief 2 and removed most of dem motha♥♥♥♥as!- The high emphasis on horror and tomb raiding, thankfully fixed in the successors.- The last 2 levels just suck... They are just plain horrible.Conclusion: Like i said, one of my favorite games of all time and i definitely recommend this to any hardcore stealth fans that isn't afraid of spiders and creepy♥♥♥♥♥zombies like myself. My final rating is [9,1].Review written by a hardcore taffer and a long time Thief fan, Hoxton47"
,Recommended,211600,33250705,Posted: 4 July,all,Sergeant Dornan,"Thief is a legendary franchise, and the first entry doesn't disappoint.Way back in 1998, in an era of Dooms and Quakes and bombastic gory explosion-filled FPSes, Thief: The Dark Project arrived on the scene quietly and stole many a customer's purse. Those few who managed to catch a glimpse of it praised it as a revolutionary concept and a welcome change of pace. Even today, 19 years later, it still holds up against its spiritual successors, and especially its real successors.Thief is what people would call First Person Stealther, or Stealth-em-up. The main motive of the game is not killing your enemies, but avoiding them and stealing their belongings instead. This is accomplished by way of several systems that blend together incredibly well and manage a level of immersion rarely seen.The main character is Garrett, a freelance thief making his living in The City, which is, as its name says, a massive bustling city, which is struggling to make a healthy transition from the equivalent of their Dark Ages into an industrial revolution driven by the Order of the Hammer. The Hammerites are a technocratic, fanatically religious group, devoted to their one god, one known as the Builder, who allegedly gave them tools with which to bend nature to their will. Opposing them are Pagans, who believe in the magical power and growth of nature. Watching this entire conflict are a third, secretive faction known as the Keepers, who have watched, waited, and documented every significant happening for generations. They have also trained Garrett since he was young, through pure happenstance.It is here that Garrett will be picking up and resolving most of his 'contracts', which are really mostly his own ideas of stealing something big and shiny he heard of from an informant. At the beginning of every level, you can choose between three levels of difficulty, with the higher ones restricting you from killing anyone and adding extra objectives. You are then taken to a shop area, where you can prepare yourself for the mission ahead by buying different types of gadgets, potions and especially arrow types. For while Garrett may be only a simple human, he does have access to an impressive arsenal.A sword is available for the lethal, if noisy, approach, although most guards are better-trained in swordsmanship than Garrett. A much better alternative is a blackjack, with which you can club unaware people over the head to knock them unconscious, then transporting them in a dark secluded corner, out of the way of any patrols. Garrett's bow can fire several types of arrows, from regular broadheads, to water arrows useful for putting out fires and torches from a distance, to moss arrows that create a carpet of moss on a surface, allowing you to sneak quietly. A few other disposables are available, such as explosive mines, and also flash bombs, which blind everyone looking at it, allowing for a clean getaway.The stealth itself is divided into two main systems, vision and sound. Vision is simple to manage, a small bar at the bottom of the screen lets you know at all times how visible you are. Stand in front of a light, anyone with a line of sight can see you. Skulk in a dark corner, and people will pass right by you. Sound is a much trickier bit of business, and also one of the best things about the game as a whole. Both Garrett and his enemies have perfectly audible footsteps, which allows both parties to track each other. The volume of the footsteps depends on the material they walk on, which can be grass, wood, metal or even marble, each with varying degrees of noisiness. With patience, one could judge the direction and frequency of a patrol without ever seeing the person in cause.Graphically speaking...this was 1998, so everyone looks blocky, and sharp shapes are everywhere, but the texturework complements it well, giving off a good feel of where you are, whether it be some person's quarters or a cold dungeon. The sound design, as mentioned above, is incredible not only because of the directional footsteps, but also thanks to NPC grunts and barks. Many of them might give out clues on different mission details, or simply help build up the world, while the rest are simply funny to listen to.A slight flaw can be found in the size of the levels, which is almost always huge, big enough to lose yourself in them, and big enough to 'help' you miss out details if you're not attentive enough.And while the enemy AI is impressive most of the time, it can be cheesed fairly easily given the right environment.In conclusion, Thief can still run with these kids, and many of them still pay homage to it one way or another, and for good reason. It's a well-designed, excellently-built game that's fun and challenging to play."
,Recommended,211600,9710562,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,eroobus,"you steal♥♥♥♥♥♥ you break♥♥♥♥♥♥ you mess with religious♥♥♥♥♥♥ you thief the hell out of some weird steampunk city.buy it, you taffer."
76561198040684637,Recommended,211600,14937227,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,nefir,over 20 pounds of ♥♥♥♥♥ and taff
,Recommended,211600,125065,"Posted: 28 May, 2012",all,-Dresden-,"It's a bit rough around the edges, even when it came out, but his remains one of my favorite games of all time. Anyone who loves the stealth genre should check it out. Thief II still has some of the best levels in any game since.You can read my guide if you need help getting it patched and running. :)"
76561197963177674,Recommended,211600,141405,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,qcocks,Pure stealth goodness.
,Recommended,211600,2846126,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Stomy,"To all those who've yet to hear my ramblings about it, this game is hands down the best stealth game ever made. I say without hyperbole, no game has yet to even match its brilliance (except it's immediate sequel) let alone surpass it."
,Recommended,211600,8260390,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CanNibble,"With strong level design and some of the best early stealth gameplay, the game revolutionized what first person ""shooters"" could accomplish.  Its plot, however, is far from revolutionary, and quickly veers from clever pilfering and plundering capers to unnecessary supernatural elements.  Nonetheless, the strong gameplay can withstand the weight of the weaker plot; the game is well worth the bargain bin price-tag it sells for these days."
76561198019557045,Recommended,211600,8271064,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,A.G.B.,"Pros: Not only the prototype for stealth, it remains the best. Use sound(speed of movement, surface you move on determine how much noise you make) and shadow(light meter tells you how hidden you are in that regard) to sneak. Everything around you is there to reveal and/or find and kill you. Awesome Steampunk(some modern machines in otherwise medieval setting) atmosphere and world-building. Few but incredible gadgets, like a rope arrow and flashbangs. Tense and challenging. Solid story, yet non-linear game-play, well-balanced. Exploration of themes of the disciplined, science-driven and controlled versus the chaotic, natural and unpredictable. Addictive.Cons: Survival horror elements are out of place, though fun. Graphics weren't even good when it came out.My recommendation: Into stealth? Play this. Not mincing words."
,Recommended,211600,9647877,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Yanka,"PLAY IT IN HD using TFix & the HD Texture Mod, it's a delight!Instructions here:http://www.moddb.com/mods/thief-gold-hd-texture-mod/forum/thread/thief-gold-hd-mod-faqDark Project... a stealth classic which includes good surprises, various levels with different kind of missions and their own atmosphere, sometimes creepy, sometimes quiet. Using shadows to hide and avoiding making noise is important because combat is a little rude.By the way, the sound effects are really neat for a 1998 game.I remember watching several times a demo in 1999 using a 4.1 home cinema and it was awesome at this time!If you like stealth, give it a try, and use TFix & the HD mod to enhance everything."
76561198009307526,Recommended,211600,2559847,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,ruk80,The genesis of the series of the best stealth games of ever!
,Recommended,211600,8162002,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,WazMan,Such a great game.You can take it slow and not be seen at all or go swords slashing and destroy everyone.
,Recommended,211600,9132719,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Nosferotica,"This game was a trailblazer.  It introduced the visibility gem and Ai that could hear and see you.  It gave you noisemaker arrows to distract them, water arrows that you used to put out torches, fire arrows to light them, moss arrows to shoot at the ground and muffe footsteps, rope arrows so you could climb through windows, etc.Makes me wonder if games like Splinter Cell ever would've happened if Thief hadn't brought all this to the table.One of my all time favorite games, and I spent countless hours on my sub-par computer as a teen playing this game."
76561198080258888,Recommended,211600,25772591,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"I have played so many games in my life and i can say i am very picky about games. Never knew that a game this old and different from all i have played so far will drag me so much into it. Its a must play, i wont tell you what you ll see in it so you have to find out yourself and trust me you gonna like it, cant wait to finish it so i can continue to the rest of the 'thief' games."
76561198273528297,Recommended,211600,25632092,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,pureplecity,Very good but you need alot of time and patience
,Recommended,211600,34425130,Posted: 22 August,all,ziNt3kz peektuts.com,"If you want a kick butt exciting adventure part 1, then this classic is meant for you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPqwDGXxLhU"
76561198258445335,Recommended,211600,34423399,Posted: 22 August,all,Samppu,"My favorite sneaking game.Pros:- Excellent atmosphere.- Great dark ambient music. One particularly memorable tune is the gritty tune playing in the casino on one level.- Stealth is well done. Enemies really persistently scour an area when they notice a disturbance. On some surfaces not only do you need to move at walking speed, you gotta tap for under a second the move forward button in order to not make noise. That, or use a moss arrow to pad the ground. You can use water arrows to douse the flames of a torch and create good old darkness to help create an optimal sneak environment. You can get to upper levels/safely get to lower levels with the help of a rope arrow (how damn light is Garrett or just how damn attaching is the hook in the arrow tip??)Cons:Some of the later levels take maze-likeness and confusing navigation to a whole other level."
,Recommended,211600,766244,"Posted: 18 August, 2012",all,Der Ungrund,"Amazing level design.  The levels are labyrinthine and ingenious.  Some individual levels in this (The Sword, to name just one) are some of the most interesting I've ever played.  Likewise, there are no quest markers and you are usually only given a crudely drawn map (if even that) to find your way around, which is a refreshing change of pace compared to newer games.  The result is that while this is billed as a ""stealth"" game (and it definitely is) I'd say the biggest element of gameplay is navigating your way around huge levels and solving various puzzles.  This could very well suck, but luckily the levels themselves are well designed enough to keep things interesting.Unfortunately the game stumbles somewhat (and begins to show its age) when you run into the combat segments.  I'm still not entirely sure why the designers thought this game needed zombies as it works perfectly fine as just a stealth/exploration game.  But luckily this is (mostly) not enough to ruin a great game."
,Recommended,211600,29057898,Posted: 6 January,all,One Winged Thanatos,"What can I say about one of the best and more influential games ever made?Do you like stealth games? If the answer if yes then you MUST try this one, its a little old and not all has aged well about it, but it still stands as one of the best of its genre, even today."
76561197998017293,Recommended,211600,1789409,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Wep0n,"this is my favorite game ever made.no game came even close to this masterpiece.this game has it all: sound, leveldesing, art, ATMOSPHERE, stealth, and very importantly: underpowerment of the main character.you heard me right.you are no overpowered superhero in a shooting gallery.you are a dark anti-hero, intellectually avoiding ennemies, because bashing blindlessly in secured areas will lead to your certain death.the sound and ambience will make you instantly feel an immersive world and you will be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly a million of times when you hear footsteps of guards or moaning of undead zombies...the tension this game creates, the atmosphere and the feeling of relevance of your action really blew me away."
76561198129613746,Recommended,211600,13646950,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Noctis Lucis Caelum,This Game is a Amazing. 10/10
76561198163483467,Recommended,211600,34925935,Posted: 13 September,all,JoeKnows,"Great Classic game. So much better with the modded HD graphics. Read the ""Thief Gold Setup and Modding Guide."" It's a must! to get cutscenes working and better graphics. Somehow, it also got my Xbox controller to also work with this after also tweaking the controller configuration in game."
,Recommended,211600,12245688,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Theking9957,Taff off you Blagond.
76561197971168388,Recommended,211600,12471595,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,marc_799,"I have nothing but the highest praise for this excellent game.  It's probably not for everyone so I would say, you will either love this game a lot, or you will hate it.  Personally I play the first 2 in the series at least once a year, since they came out -  they stand the test of time in a way few other games can.Please do not confuse it with the EIDOS game ""Thief"" of 2013, i could not make it 10 minutes into that one-already two developer firms have tried to recapture these first two, and flat out failed.  There's a reason, because the look, feel, and gameplay of these two games are probably impossible to copy.  Anyway, this game is one of the best ever and classic games of the early 2000's.  I still replay this game once a year.  It plays just fine on Win 7, no issues whatsoever, with the Steam version, and so does thief 2 the metal age.Thief gold and thief 2 immerse you into a sort of Medieval theme world, the emphasis is not shoot em up it is stealth, sneaking around in the shadows, dowsing torches and knocking out guards so you can achieve your objectives.  Thesse objectives include all sorts of missions not just thievery, although you of course do plenty of that on the way too. You are in a weird world, that gets introduced to you in small steps fortunately, populated by mechanists (they worship the machine), keepers (of knowledge), weird creatures of all kinds, but you get gently dropped into it bit by bit so it doesn't seem bizarre to you.  Your weapons are limited and you  use them in clever ways=sword, blackjack, arrows, water arrows (for dousing torches and cleanign up blood) fire arrows (these do impressive damage and blow up the ""head cameras"" in thief 2).  There are no guns of any kind in this game but it just makes for a more fun challenge.There are no cheats except, if you want to skip to the next level, hit these keys:  ctrl  +alt +shift + end.  I forget if you have to hold them all down at once?  Also if you want to start a level with all the money, like you  might want to do with ""First national Bank"" in THIEF 2, you can download save games and you can start with all the money so you can buy all the tools and weapons you can possibly have."
76561198153472911,Recommended,211600,34136872,Posted: 9 August,all,StapleSauce,You'll love this game if you're a taffer like me!
76561197980039952,Recommended,211600,9249523,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Kazzaster,Thief has been one of my top favorite games for years. I remember playing it as a kid and it never quite wore off. The zombies still scare me a little. I find myself coming back to beat the game every couple of years. I just can't get enough laughs and scares from this gem.
,Recommended,211600,25877126,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Foofin,">bonks guy in the head>guy dies instantly10/10things you'll ask yourself in thief: gold""how long ago did I save?""""why do I have so many apples?""""how do these guards not see me?""""why would I ever use this bow?""""i can see like 12 polygons on this guy!""""why are there spiders and zombies in a stealth game?!"" (oh wait MGS)"
,Recommended,211600,18476581,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Snus,One of the first stealth games and still one of the best ones.
,Recommended,211600,28106991,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Aceito,"THIEF GOLD✓ Fitting soundtrack & immersive audio✓ Gameplay builds a lot on the audio and making as little noise as possible which is perfect in a stealth game.✓ The graphics hasn't aged very well but it has a certain charm to it.✓ This game doesn't hold your hand and expects you to figure out everything yourself, which makes it very rewarding.✓ Huge maps that allows different approaches and playstyles to the game.✓ Provides you with a varied set of tools to navigate trough missions.✓ Still runs great on modern system but I would recommend downloading TFix for HD support and cutscenes to work.✖ There are a few missions that doesn't hold up to the quality compared to the rest of the game, especially the GOLD ones. (I'm looking at you Thieves Guild.)""Vigilance is our shield, that protects us from our squalid past. Knowledge is our weapon, with which we carve a path to an enlightened future. """
,Recommended,211600,11767043,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Hans Brotmeister,"Thief: The Dark Project is the first game of the Thief series and basically the mother of first person stealth games. The gold version on Steam is the base game plus the expansion levels. This review contains minor spoilers but they are kept at the absolute minimum.Garrett is a street child who survived by stealing. One day he gets caught by one member of a secret organization called the Keepers. The man, noticing Garrett's natural talent offers him the opportunity to join the Keepers instead of calling the city watch. Garrett agrees to join the Keepers and undergoes several years of training in covert operations. But eventually he grows tired of the Keepers who are only about keeping secrets and reciting prophecies, so he decides to leave to live by himself again. The Keepers are not keen of his decision but let him go. Garrett wants nothing more than not getting involved with other people's problems and eventually getting enough money for him to quit stealing altogether. However, things don't go as planned. Eventually Garrett gets involved with the wrong people and finds himself within a major conflict that he cannot ignore any more.Thief's setting is a weird but interesting mix of middle ages, fantasy and industrialization. Due to not knowing a better word for it I'd call it fantasypunk. While swords and bows are common weapons electric lights and sophisticated machinery are often seen. Also does magic exist as well as undead and other monsters. The city is controlled by an extremely wealthy elite on one hand and a religious group called the Hammerites on the other. The Hammerites believe in absolute technological progress and also have a zero-tolerance policy against all criminals and non-believers. They are responsible for most of the technological wonders of the city. They have so much influence that they even run their own prisons. The Pagans, the other major religion in the city, have nearly no influence any more. If they are caught by the Hammerites they are likely to be executed since their beliefs are the polar opposite of the Hammerite doctrine.  They believe that humanity is already too advanced and needs to embrace nature again.Garrett is neither a fighter nor is he able to cast magic spells. He is however extremely good at hiding in the dark and sneaking past people without getting noticed. He also is able to use some gadgets to aid him the most important ones being his arrows. In addition to his sword and his blackjack Garrett is carrying a bow for which he possesses various arrow types. The ability to use those arrows might actually be minor magic but that isn't clarified anywhere. Garrett can for example use water arrows to extinguish light sources from a safe distance. He also has rope arrows which can be shot into any wooden surface and provide a rope to climb up. Garrett also has access to noisemaker arrows come in very handy if he wants to distract enemies from his current hiding spot. Even though Garrett is able to kill with his sword or his broadhead arrows stealth is highly emphasized in Thief. On the highest difficulty setting it is not even allowed to kill any person. Killing someone always makes some noise unlike knocking them unconscious or avoiding them altogether. Even a one on one fight is dangerous for Garrett since his fighting skills are not comparable to those of the guards. If you knock somebody unconscious it is highly advised to hide the body somewhere in the dark so people don't find it. In addition to stealth the gameplay naturally revolves around stealing things. In most missions you have one main object to  steal and many other valuables that you can sell for cash after the mission to get more equipment or hot tips that may help with that next mission.The level design focuses on big, sprawling and open levels. Most of the time there are several paths to approach your target. It is always beneficial to search every corner because you might find valuables, documents or even secret doors. The levels look and feel like actualy places, not just like a path for the player to walk. The game's sound design is top notch and still cannot be matched by many modern games. The graphics are obviously a little dated but there is a community patch that not only makes everything look a little crispier but also fixes all compatibility issues with widescreen monitors and multicore processors.Thief features a quite unusual approach on difficulty settings. A higher difficulty does not make the enemies stronger and also does not place more enemies in the level. Instead it just adds more mission objectives. On the lowest difficulty it is often enough to just get your main target. On the highest setting it is not enough to just put the treasure in your pockets. You also need to get out afterwards. In addition to that there are more objectives like finding more special items or stealing a certain amount in gold value. There are many parts of the game that you can only experience on the highest difficulty setting, therefore I recommend playing it on that.Thief: The Dark Project is still one of the best and most atmospheric stealth games out there and I think everybody who is in the least interested in stealth games, games that are heavy on atmosphere or games with good level design should give it a try.More reviewshereFor making Thief run on modern systems, use theTFix Patch."
76561198000402623,Recommended,211600,10469072,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Zombiecat,"This is the granddaddy of all first-person stealth games. The original Thief has some of the best gameplay and level designs in the genre and even up till today, few games can come close to it."
76561198267243919,Recommended,211600,21556527,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Vahlok142,"So, my previous issues with the game have been rectified thanks to just one easy to use mod. Thanks Tafferwocky! Your reccomendation fixed every problem I had with the game prior. Anyone who is having problems like I was just follow this linkhttp://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=134733and follow the steps provided.Now that I've had an honest chance to play Thief I can say that, while it has faults it is still an enjoyable experience. The gameplay is what one could expect from a first person stealth romp, or from games like Splinter Cell for example. You get missions that change in terms of objectives based on your difficulty, kind of like Goldeneye on the N64. In these missions you'll do things that one would expect a thief to do, steal things, lots and lots of things. Though sometimes you'll be busting friends out of jail or other things of the like, but they all come back to the stealth elements of the game. You as Garrett are not much of a fighter, and on the higher difficulties are even tasked with not killing at all, so as such you rely on the shadows above all else. The use of shadows and sound is like I said earlier similar to Splinter Cell. The darker your surroundings the harder to see you, and the different surfaces all make louder noise.The first of my newer problems arise here though, and it has to do with your enemies. For the most part you deal with local town guards who don't seem like they'll be too much issue, don't be fooled. Every enemy you encounter is deadly, and when they find you they will chase you everywhere. Do yourself a favor, SAVE OFTEN. Keep a close finger on F11 or you'll be stuck in a lot of tricky situations that have the high probability of ruining your missions entirely.Another issue comes in the form of the game's combat, or the lack there of. Your swordsmanship is controlled based on where you are looking at your enemy, right side for a slash to the right vicea versa. You can power attack with a held click and block with mouse 3. Overall the swordplay isn't terrible, but stacked against other combat engines, even some from the era, it's very lackluster. Your bow is indeed a weapon but it's far more useful as a tool, using water arrows and the like to affect your surroundings. Your bow has a sight, but only with trial and error can you reliably hit a target without prior knowledge about where the arrows will go based on the sight. Make sure to do training and take as much time as you need to figure out your bow's ranges. The opening cinematic shows Garrett nailing a guard in the neck with a well placed arrow, don't do this unless you have to. I say this because every time I've tried to kill someone with the bow I've only ever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥them off. Even with an assured head shot all they do is stagger and then shove their sword through my chest.The environments are all really great in game, ranging from castles and prisons to zombie infested mines and abandoned sewers. Wrapped around all these environments is some of the best sound design I've ever heard in almost any game, some of the voice acting witholding mind you. The music is non-existent for the most part, leaving you instead to the ambiance of the area you are in. Guards talk about their days, machinery whirrs & grinds, and ghostly sounds wail in the darkness. Thief's environments steal the show for me, above all else.One could easily look at the game and pan it for its graphics, and admittadely they're not much to look at. Add to it the animations are a bit stilted and robotic, but admittadely they are pretty smooth all the same. Characters are blocky and have some messy textures at times, but that could be looked past because nearly everything else is awesome. The graphics as a whole are what you can expect for the era this game comes from.It may seem like I've got nothing but problems with Thief, but like I said I can't help but laud over the environments and atmosphere that is established. It is amazing, really some of the best I've ever seen. The combat may suck, but a swift blackjack to someone's head when they don't see it coming puts them out of commission pretty much indefinitely. If you're playing the game right you'll never have to really fight anything or anyone, so really the combat takes the back seat to a game that is all about the stealth and environmental design of the world. At least that's what I've got to say personally about it.So grab it on sale or the like, slap the mod on, don't get stabbed, shot, bitten, or eaten, and have a good 'ol time with one of the progenitors of the stealth genre."
,Recommended,211600,22113264,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Coops,"The gameplay has aged relatively well but more importantly, never having played the game before now, I can see why it is a classic."
76561198081941860,Recommended,211600,24511850,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,skeleponx,"Challenging, slow as a sloth (but it fits with being a stealth game you heathen), and even tense."
,Recommended,211600,24511002,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MacMashPotato,"This is a great game, i played it when i was a kid, only like 9 years old, it set the margin for stealth games at the time, and it holds up pretty well today. However, if you are going to play it on a modern windows os, you need the unoffical patch, the theif fix, or you will have crashing issues, no cutscenes, among other bugs, its easy to install just run its installer after installing the game.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=113158282"
76561198010979797,Recommended,211600,24563602,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Manikator,"It is highly recommended to patch the game as described in Thief Gold Setup and Modding Guideof Saleck (top of this page Community-HUb.)It will solve the strange controls, some bugs like the setting of the resolution and sets up a nice graphic."
76561198053664528,Recommended,211600,17786817,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,alocker31,"One of the greatest stealth games of all time.  If you like stealth, this game is a must have (along with the sequal, thief 2)."
,Recommended,211600,17324074,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Metal Taffer,"A good story, large open levels, multiple tools, amazing atmosphere and possibly the coolest protagonist in any game ever make Thief Gold one of the best stealth games (and games in general) of all time.It is pretty freakin' bipolar when it comes to mission types though... It has a lot of stealth missions but it also has a lot of ""tomb raiding"" missions that don't favor sneaking. It's not a deal breaker and the game is still really good, but these missions are by far my least favourite and can get really boring really fast. It's a good thing the sequel ""Thief II: The Metal Age"" ditched these completely, making it the best in the series, but one should always experience the game that made the sequel possible. A diamond in the rough,"
,Recommended,211600,17564842,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Dark_Assassin91,"This game is much much harder than i remember or anticipated, even on normal difficulty you would most likely struggle to complete a level in a single run. All this being said it is still an awesome game, you may just need patience if you wish to play it or you may rage quit. There is none no point running around hacking and slashing at anything that moves, thats just a quick way to die, not to mention certians enemies wont die by your sword, you may have to use special weapons that you can only have active for 30 seconds.The graphics in this game are what you may expect from a first person game made in the late 90's, some of the animations are a little awkward (but also kind of funny); particularly when a zombie is on the floor and then stands up in one single movement like a drawer bridge being closed realy fast.In terms of gameplay there are about 15 different missions that will take you somwhere in the area of 25 to 30 hours to finish in their entirety with a rather extensive choice of inventory items that will help you in different ways on different missions, one example being you can put out tourches with the water arrows to improve your shadow cover and move around guards without being seen.The replay value of this game is quite low, unless you start on the lowest difficulty, then you could move your way up to higher difficulties and with the higher difficulties you will receive additional mission objectives.My Tips:1.If you are having trouble with cutscenes not playing then change the permissions of the thief exe to run as administrator. This has worked for me on Windows 7 and Windows 10.2.Save Regularly, this game does not autosave and if you have been sneaking arounf for say 30mins and then you die you will have to go all the way back to your most recent save.3. Pay attention to the light bar when trying to avoid detection, some areas will look nice and dark for hiding away but when you step into said area; your visibility may as not be well hidden as you hoped.All in all i do recommend this game, but if sneaking around and potentially dying alot is not somthing you enjoy in a game; then this game may not be for you."
,Recommended,211600,10040889,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,∅,"A masterpiece from start to finish.While it is an old game, it holds up well on both a gameplay and story standpoint, and encapsulates what it means to hide in the shadows perfectly.In recent years, stealth games are fairly simple as far as mechanics go, and quite linear. Here, there's quite a bit of skill needed in order to successfully sneak around, knock enemies out, traverse, and steal which should be expected, given its first person nature. This isn't even mentioning its huge levels with various secrets.It should be noted that of the 3 stealth games released in 1998, this was the first to use shadows (through a gradient) and sound as game mechanics, something that Splinter Cell would use 4 years later.Besides the occasional pathfinding bug and the lack of cutscenes (for which there is a fix), you'll find that the game is finely programmed and definitely worth the price."
76561198066271681,Recommended,211600,6436197,"Posted: 8 August, 2012",all,ak_istari,Great classic stealth game. Definitely worth playing at least once.
,Recommended,211600,5881684,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,EAT YOUR HEART OUT,"Thief Gold is one of the best games that I've ever played, very fun and interactive gameplay along with a great story. If you are into action/stealth games, you should definitely pick up this gem."
,Recommended,211600,4343106,"Posted: 21 June, 2012",all,freshmeat1981,"Sneaky sneaky I ... for me it's pure awesome. The story, the blackjacking part and most important the sneaky part. All is great. If you are afraid of graphics over 10 years old don't go near but otherwise it really is worth a while."
,Recommended,211600,10143543,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Splinter,"Thief is notable for influencing an entire generation of stealth games, and for that reason alone, it deserves to be played. Patience is needed to get comfortable with controls somewhat odd by today's standards and to avoid unnecessary frustration resulting from the player's own carelessness."
,Recommended,211600,8390528,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sugz,Best game
76561197984126495,Recommended,211600,1003295,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,gonzaloirarrazaval,"Greatest stealth game ever played. Amazing levels, incredibly AI and an awesome gameplay. This game encourages you to replay levels in different way, with new objectives and harder enemies. Simply the father of stealth games, nailing it at it first try."
,Recommended,211600,11570309,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Lord VashuK,"This is a Classic game,  one of my first and favorite games ever !!  awesome to play !"
76561198121007430,Recommended,211600,10533111,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Doctorchaos,firepoker is in the fire in the fireplace10/10 would steal again
76561198108894800,Recommended,211600,16564715,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,spooply,I snuck into a man's house and killed his pet burricks to teach him a lesson. 10/10
,Recommended,211600,16433362,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Phlegm Flemington,"Thief: the Dark Project, one of the most influential stealth titles out there, is a must play for stealth gamers.Thief Gold is pretty much the Dark Project with a few missions added to it.Positives:+ Great stealth gameplay. Use darker areas to your advantage to sneak by enemies, aided with a wide arsenal of arrows and your trusty club, blackjack. The light crystal, unlike other similar objects in other stealth games, shows you the degree of how hidden you are, rather than show you if you're visible or not.+ Large, non-linear level design.+ Difficulty. Prepared for a challenge? Expert will test you if you're a professional thief. No killing, more loot.+ Your state of mind after listening to hammerites whistling that DAMNED tune for hours.+ Stephen Russell's voice as Garrett.Negatives:- Outdated looks. This can be fixed to some degree with graphical mods.- Large level design can get you stuck at times.- New players could find the controls to be uncomfortable. Profiles can be found online for a more ""modern"" control scheme.- Thieves' Guild. The worst mission in the entire series (not counting the missions in the press-space-to-win reboot). When you get to this point, good luck."
,Recommended,211600,7407007,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Scarecrow,A Classic Never Dies!
76561198145113685,Recommended,211600,17610439,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Hawksm278,"If you are a fan of the series, you should pick up this game when it goes on sale. For me the game was fun to play but mostly for the lore and the story. I started out playing Thief: Deadly Shadows, so playing this is a good way to pick up on what happened before the more graphically intense games. While I would consider this game to be clunky, and dated, the gameplay is still surprisingly challenging, and rewarding. I mostly found myself running through the levels however, just to finish the game, and not taking the full time to sneak around and enjoy the atmosphere. Either way, if you enjoyed any of the other games, I would recommend picking this one up as well."
76561198023065068,Recommended,211600,21037885,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Grayfox665,Great game of sneaky stealy
,Recommended,211600,20109782,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,dmrknu,"This is a classic game that has inspired many others who have not reached the same level of storyline and atmosphere.Yes, it's old and the graphics are not ultra quality but it's a gem for the old gamers like myself.Hopefully, I'll have time and determination to finish the game  this time - had somehow given up in year 2002 somehow."
76561198067906668,Recommended,211600,20518058,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,laige,Of all the Thief game this one I know this one the best.  As a small child I played this back in the 90's I played though the Lord Bafford's Manor Demo posibly 100 times.  Then when my older brother perchased the full game I was overjoyed.  I am happy now to play the Gold version here on steam.  The game was hard and scary to the child version of me.  Today though as an adult I still get enjoyment and scares although fewer now.  The game has stood the test of time.
,Recommended,211600,21012988,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Xanth752,Still the best THIEF game.Don't waste water arrows!
,Recommended,211600,18755564,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ElderSilverFox,Holy BALLLSSSS! SO GOOD! The Thief series is my all time favorite series. These are my favorite games. Stealth games done right!!!!!! Goes from normal to fantastical real fast.
,Recommended,211600,18876566,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Virtuoso1,"If you are a younger fellow looking at this game and thinking, ""I don't get it, why is this game talked about so often? It sucks!""  Let me explain a few things to you.  For the time this game was created, it was a masterpiece.  The reason this is such a well renowned game is because this was the first stealth game to give the player a first-person perspective and was also the first game to introduce light and sound as gameplay mechanics.  Thief set the benchmark for all first-person stealth games to come after it (similar to what Ocarina of Time did for action RPGs), which is why it will always be known as one of the best games of all time.Sound design is great!! This game is best played with headphones. You can hear the heavy-footed guards walking on the other side of doors and you can distinguish between different surfaces which helps for determining where the guard is.  Sound echos through hallways as you would expect from these old, large, midievil buildings.  Some may complain that the guard's sensitivity to sound is unrealistic, but try to sneak around your house silently.  Steps are surprisingly hard to silence.Light design is spot on.  Emphasis is on dark corridors and although you think it may be rediculous that a guard can walk right by you when you are in a dark area and not see you, if you watch a guard walk into that same area, it is quite difficult to see them as well when they are dressed in shiny armor. The main character, Garret, is wearing all black, so it is no wonder they don't see you!  That being said, there are moments of super unrealistic AI responses, but these are not so often that you will be bashing your head against the wall at the stupidity.  Afterall, this game was made in the 90's.Sword fighting mechanics are more realistic than most modern games.  It may be considered clunky by most, but you try swinging a massive sword!  I like that you have to aim where you are blocking rather than just holding the button to block every attack.Now, on to the poor aspects of the game.The AI is inconsistent.  Sometimes they will be extremely sensitive to things they see and hear and other times they will be oblivious to the majority of these things.  You can be fighting an enemy at one end of the hall and the guard at the other end suspects nothing. If they find a dead body they look around for a little bit and then walk away as if nothing is wrong.  They also don't respond to doors seemingly magically opening and closing.Once you pick up an object, you must throw it and cannot place it down carefully with no sound.Aiming of the bow is also pretty accurate. Although the arrow soars through the air quite slowly, the difficulty in aiming makes it extremely satisfying to land a killing shot with the bow. Anyone who has dabbled in archery can appreciate the realism of this mechanic.  However, landing that killing blow is extremely difficult.  Guards can take 3-4 arrows to the body and still continue approaching you.This game is a buy for anyone who has the patience for the issues that have become more apparent to us through time.  You should pick up this game if you want to appreciate the game for the time it was created rather than how it stacks up to modern stealth games."
,Recommended,211600,18960265,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,.קαяιαн,"Replaying in 2015. Still shocked how this game can scary me and keep me anxious although the graphics is clearly outdated.Great level design, great actor voice, unsurpassed atmosphere."
76561198033338387,Recommended,211600,17554848,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,pinkcarson,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. Fun puzzles, awesome sandbox, perfect atmosphere...absolutely love it!"
76561198016476316,Recommended,211600,17586571,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Bauer,"There is no better stealth game out there.In Thief, you play as Garret, a legendary thief and a character so famous that even those who never played the series probably heard of him. Garret is the perfect and original thief archetype: Ganancious, egocentric, quick-witted and very, very skilled. Trained by the Keepers, Garret was meant to be an agent for the organization and help to keep order in the city through subterfuge, but he eventually decides that his skills are best employed to steal from others and make a good living out of it. Even though all that Garret ever wanted was to alleviate the rich from their burdens of gold and gems, he finds himself forced to be much more than that when a chain of events place himself at the eye of the storm. The struggle between Order, represented by the Builder, and Chaos, represented by the Trickster, is about to reach its pinnacle and Garret will be right in the middle of it all.The gameplay is pretty much flawless. Changing the keymapping to your liking is probably a must, since some controls are not as intuitive for not following modern patterns. Once you're accustomed to it, you'll soon find yourself immersed in the single most stealth-driven game that ever was and, hell, probably ever will be. Don't you ♥♥♥♥ing dare using your sword on this game unless there's a immediate threath to your life. Thiefs like Garret never kill and are never seen. If you play the game on expert (which is exactly how the game shouldalwaysbe played), you'll be required to see and do everything without ever killing a human being. That is stealth right there. Walk in the hard wood instead of the carpet and your steps will alert guards. Remain in the shadows with your sword out and the blade will shine and give you away. Shoot an arrow off its target and everyone will hear it hitting the wall. This is how stealth should be done, no quick running around no-scoping teleports and instant magic kills (I'm looking at you, Dishonored). All you have in your inventory are some lockpicks, a blackjack and a few different arrow types, like rope arrows for reaching hard-to-get places or water arrows for squishing out torches. That being said, you should probably know that there will be combat, since there are supernatural creatures walking the world and some of them are very, very violent. This is the reason you carry a sword around.Graphics are a little outdated, especially on the resolution support department, but mods can easily fix that. All in all, with a little setup time and a little getting used to, you'll be playing the game like a pro and enjoying every second of it one or two hours after buying it, trust me.Gameplay - 10/10Soundtrack - 7/10Graphics - 4/10Content - 8/10Challenge Level - 9/10Replayability - 6/10"
76561198082565023,Recommended,211600,17849327,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bunjy,"Thief Gold was my first Stealth game. I didn't know the simple joy of extinguishing a torch and clubbing some guard unconscious before scrapering with an entire mansions worth of loot in my pocket.Thief Gold despite it's age and need for a patch (which is easy to download from the looking glass studios Forums) is a stella experience. It is a well paced game with hints and clues to the story scattered through out this richly created world. The first missions get you to grips with the mechanics of the game with all the gadgets and weapons at your disposal.Garrett is a great playable character, always there to crack wise at certain people or situations to lighten the mood in those slightly stressful missions. In fact there are so many great characters, from the Blackjack fodder to the prisioners.What I will say is that there are some missions that feel more of a chore than others, especially those concerning the walking dead. These unkillable things were the bane of my play through. It did during those missions become more of a hack and slash type game, despite Garretts terrible combat ability.Overall though I would highly recomend Thief Gold as a gateway stealth game. It is quite simply a masterpiece."
,Recommended,211600,18495378,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Punkamoar,"Hit a guard on the head - he runs away, yelling ""Guards, come help me!""bruh you are one."
76561198245094474,Recommended,211600,18504888,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,BillyBlack815,This game is worth it.Great for people who enjoy stealth games.It shows many great mechanics that are fun and usefull.I enjoyed it I think it's worth the time and money to play.
76561198025459065,Recommended,211600,18507360,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,gamer11,One of the best hardcore stealth game of its timeGraphics are datet today.The level design is great.The story is unique.The equipment is easy to handle.Its very replayable.You can spend hours for just one levelthe dificulty setting is very well balanced.Fine cutscenes and art even this game is from 1998The Dark age setting is perfectthe shadow system is good but have some issues.dialogues are great
,Recommended,211600,16228725,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,wonko,"I played this game when it first came out and was immediately hooked.  As far as I know, this was the original ""First Person Sneaker"" whereby success was measure by NOT being seen, NOT getting into fights and NOT acting like an indestructible human tank.The basic format of the game is like a tradtional old-school FPS where you complete various missions in order which form a cohesive storyline.  During the missions, you try to steal whatever you can find including keys and purses off of the NPCs.The graphics are about what you'd expect from a game this old, but the gameplay makes up for it.Great game.  You should try it out."
,Recommended,211600,16398746,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ray12370,I'm still on the 2nd level and the zombies are scary af.
,Recommended,211600,16427787,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Doof,"Damn, Thief Gold. What a game. My hours are a bit screwed up because I had to delete some files to change Keybinds with my own and add TFix and HD textures, but I have played through roughly half the game. I still look at it and say Damn.The gameplay is the reason this game is a cult classic. In 20 years from now, nobody is going to remember the Thief Reboot or Dishonored, but in 20 years, people will be like they are now. Asking why stealth games couldnt be like this anymore. Thief was the first game to implement the sound system, where different objects make different sounds, and if you're in light, the sensor is yellow and you can be seen. This game is beautiful, graphically it looks nice with TFix and HD textues and HD Sounds. I'd highly recommend it for a stealth game. However as a first stealth game be cautious, its hardas heck. I would recommend you try Dishonored if youre new to stealth because its a more dumbed down stealth game.Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: Can't rate, because its so old its not on the scale.Overall: 9/10, great game, sometimes runs weird on modern PCs."
,Recommended,211600,16575936,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ヨルカ,"An awesome first person stealth game, despite the outdated graphics. The only drawback is the inability to play intro, briefing, and cutscenes video. To watch the video, just search the internet, but I hope steam can do something to overcome this problem. For you who have not played any thief game and appear to like stealth game, like Assassin's Creed, this game worth the money you paid. Both the gameplay and the story are enjoyable and have replay value.I really recommend this game, especially for you who are stealthy and greedy, only in the game of course."
,Recommended,211600,16682505,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Spoondere,"Remember how I said SS2 was basically a better and less accessible Bioshock in every way?  This is kind of the opposite.  I'm sure Thief is a great game, but it has the misfortune of being compared to Dishonored nowadays, which is similar in terms of gameplay with the added benefits of being faster-paced and nicer to look at.  Yes, Blink breaks the game in half despite being a core mechanic, but breaking a game in half is, in my opinion, the most fun you can have with a game.  But back to Thief again:  I don't know if I can say for sure that this has necessarily aged poorly, since I've played a number of games with similarly obtuse lean-forward-button mechanics, but rather that these games (DX and SS2 are the first to come to mind) haven't necessarily been improved upon while it seems to me that Thief actually has.So what merits does it have?  The setting is unique and I wish I could have gotten more into it.  Garrett seems really cool and I might pick up TDS just to see what these parts of the series have to offer.  But this feels to me like I'm playing a fossil.Of course, if you can get over that hurdle, I'm sure there is something great to be found here.  I absolutely recommend you try this game in case you can appreciate it more than I can."
76561198094263847,Recommended,211600,16693055,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Stepharooroo,step 1: try to playstep 2: give up multiple timesstep 3: customise the crap out of your controlsstep 4: download the Thief Gold HD Mod by Bentraxx.step 5: holy crap.
,Recommended,211600,16727755,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Uzi Foo,"This is the best steath game ever made, and it's pretty much the first 3D steath based game and they got it right the first try.The story is very good with several plot twists.  It's told through the use of very well made cut scenes and finding more information during mussions.  The NPC interaction is very interesting to liten to.The graphics did not age very well, but there are HD texture packs that really help make it look good.  The shadows in the dark engine still looks good since you rely on them for gameplay.  Another classic that used the same Dark Engine is System Shock 2 and Thrief 2.  The Gameplay is still solid after all these years, just remap the controlls to the the Unreal preloaded setup for ASWD."
76561198045652116,Recommended,211600,16860404,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Proselyus,"You know that when a game's minimum difficulty is normal, it's gonna be hard."
76561198077719495,Recommended,211600,16987972,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,babydollpinup,Great stealth and strategy game with some mild puzzle solving here and there and really good storyline and unique characters. I really like that this game has adjustable difficulty and that as you increase the difficulty you are given more specific objectives. Plus there are tons of secrets and bonus objectives all over the missions and this makes game play exploration way more fun.
76561198013208398,Recommended,211600,16994878,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Bicewanger,BEST.GAME.EVER.EVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRR!!!!!!
,Recommended,211600,17294556,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ForkedEntry,"The 2nd greatest stealth game in existence, with only the sequel to surpass it.Needs an unofficial patch to work, though."
,Recommended,211600,15062819,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sehensabier,"10/10 for everything. For music, for sound, for the incredibly detailed world, for all of those creatures that amused/scared/confused/shocked me during the walkthrough, which was just EPIC. Even the grafics are amazing for such an old game, and so are the physics. Probably the best game I've ever played - at least one of the best.And as for Garrett's voice-its just uncredible. Oh, I would kill for hearing him more."
76561198102096771,Recommended,211600,15112528,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,mailmeabout,"It comes to me that game is in fact bundled with all video materials.To get intro videos working just find in Steam folder thief.exe and run it as Administrator.Worked for me on Win7_x64.OLD REVIEW: If you are old-scool gamer and want some flashbacks DONT buy it here, videos are cutted. So no story, just jump from mission to misson. Atleast after first mission I have been taken to the seccond without explanaition why I need to go to prison in the first place.But still excellent old game!For full experience try torrents or something."
,Recommended,211600,15329888,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,John Adder,"The game starts with some wonky controls, but I said the same thing about System Shock 2 and I ended up loving that game."
76561198139046870,Recommended,211600,15904836,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,~FuzzyPickles03~,"Thief Gold, an expanded version of Thief The Dark Project, is one of the stealth genre's most successful titles.  Although the game is dated, the gameplay is immersive and the level design is immaculate.  Each mission is designed in a way to allow you the use of all of the tools available to you.  Loot is hidden around each mission, interesting sights and text that provides flavor may also be found simply through the exploration of a level.*****One problem with this version*****The game advertised is not the game you are buying.  You end buying the original Thief The Dark project and -not- Thief Gold.  Thief Gold had added missions and they are missing from this download.  Something else that is missing are the cut scenes between missions.  Not only are the scenes entertaining, but they help to make you care about the game world and characters while furthering the narrative of the story.  Without these cut scenes, someone knew to the game won't understand everything right away and we are all missing an important part of the experience."
,Recommended,211600,15968624,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Brieze,"One of the best games ever created, in my opinion. You are able to interact with the environment. The missions are stellar, thought provoking and interesting. Each mission is like a puzzle which gets you thinking. It is one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,211600,16004038,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,IncredbleGermy,"Fantastic game, amazing..."
76561197970490080,Recommended,211600,16043213,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Longshanks,"Buy this game, ya dang taffer!For your health"
76561198082943639,Recommended,211600,16081376,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,samhain64819,I would have liked cut scenes between the missions so I had a better idea what was going on from time to time. But I had a blast playing it even if hours of each day were consumed in the process.
,Recommended,211600,16109801,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Guke Nukem,Great stealth game. 8/10
,Recommended,211600,16114365,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,J3kylll,I played this when I was little and my parents taught me not to steal but nothing about shooting fire arrows at the general public >:)
,Recommended,211600,14690344,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dmitry Odd,"The game Thief for me remained and remains absolutely unique for a genre of action and for Steath genre. Anywhere I didn't see games devoted to theft with such bright plot where are bound paganism, a brotherhood award, the greedy nobility yet, to indulge and simple street guys who left the main hero of game - Garret. The most important quality in game, however I think and for other representatives of troublemakers too. As fine it is realized here: it is necessary to move slowly, on silent surfaces, for example a grass, boards or carpets, thus to look for places with a dense shadow and if it isn't present that to nestle on walls, or to squat round the corner.The GUARDS are CLUMSY: The guard can't call the worthy opponent of the thief. These idlers are too careless, clumsy and silly. Even if they will hear you, first can think that it mice, either a fireplace, or a copper peep. In the dark they are blind at all so it is possible to make surely roundabout maneuvers for a back of the victim. In a situation when the policeman will notice you, he of course won't run to give the alarm, and will go to act heroically to punish the thief, in this case we will be able always to give it the worthy answer, behind Garret's shoulders always a huge arsenal from arrows (simple, water, with a rope, gas, fiery), a sword, a bludgeon, potions of life, water breath, a bomb and of course a compass.I absolutely accurately see an appeal of developers from Looking Glass Studios to decrease in violence in game and in life. Game encourages theft, not a robbery and murders. At the difficult levels of game, murder are forbidden at all and game overo'm are punished. Mirnyi, innocent inhabitants and servants, it is so easy to calm with one blow bludgeons, as well as guards. With the zombie conversation short, is evil spirits and the evil, and it is necessary to fight against it!We will sum up the results: Theft it not such the big evil as within game and life, it was and will be always, only in that as it to call a question, and under what look a tax. A banal example it is possible to give the taxation. Let the state steal from us in a type of tax and we will steal gold candlesticks from rich lords of the game Thief.All series of games is excellent is: Thief, Thief 2, Thief: Deadly Shadows. These parts are the best!"
,Recommended,211600,14713076,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,S a c h i e l,An amazing stealth game that only disappoints in the controls and smoothness of gameplay.The Tfix tool is highly recommended for playing it on a modern computer.
76561198101178426,Recommended,211600,14741940,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Rice,"Very Good GamePro:+Ablility to spam infinite QucikSave and QuickLoad.+Make very loud noices.+Every A.I. somehow know there an intruder or Garret just by the noices he makes.+Every other sound that was not produced by Garret does not alert enemies.+So many things to steal from+Fun level design with dinosaurs that can be knocked out with blackjacks.+Varous ways to play!!! Heck! Unstealth your sword and hack through the hordes of enemies,+ One man army is hard in this game but possible.Pro in the Cons+/-Very repetitive though the cutsence are superb and make up for the tedious stealth and blackjack.Cons:who"" Did you hear something"" -every enemy NPC who just happens to have a hearing level of 99."
76561198050838887,Recommended,211600,14775063,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,LegoDan99,"The definitive version of the first stealth game. Even though it is entirely possible to kill all guards, trigger all alarms and just walk out, it takes a skilled player to beat the level without even being spotted. The tension of creeping slowly around, stealing everything that isn't nailed down and avoiding patrols is simply not found in the stealth games of today. Thief Gold is the best game of its kind and not to be missed."
76561198055685900,Recommended,211600,14835742,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Macfinity,It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye...
76561197995167011,Recommended,211600,14896462,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,The Demon Cleaner,"Just try an beat this masterpiece, garbage of today... Untouchable."
,Recommended,211600,14922232,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"How come this old game is so much better than a lot of the modern titles? In all aspects, it's a genuine masterpiece with a likeable and pleasantly complicated protagonist, highly addictive gameplay, interesting plot and detailed, living world. An absolute must play."
,Recommended,211600,14983440,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,mech619,"Had a problem with the scenes in between not loading.  Wasn't a deal breaker though, I just watched them on YouTube.This game is great with stealth and the avenues you can take to complete a level.  You can rob a guard to get the key to a room.  You can use your rope arrow to climb up past a wall to get to another area that unlocks that room.  You can eliminate the guard, although a fight with the guard is not advised.  They can hit hard, as they should.  This is a game about stealth, not to fight with every guard you come across.Parts of this game do get dull when playing, like exploring large caverns with zombies walking around.  You can sneak past them but they aren't that much of a challange compared to sneaking past guards and stealing items.If you are big into stealth games, I would highly recommend this game.  I enjoyed it more so than the Metal Gear games."
,Recommended,211600,10599008,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,2Fast2Mater,I've read about this game being a classic so I picked it up on sale. Amazing stealth mechanic once you can get past the weird setting and maze-like levels/ Really fast load times and no performance issues at all!
76561198028311032,Recommended,211600,3866609,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,klawedflaw,"Awesome gameplay, awesome story, possibly disturbing in how fun it is. The stealth is well put together, and even some of the best if it weren't for Thief 2 being better. This game is a masterpiece in the art of stealth mechanics."
76561198229231924,Recommended,211600,26715896,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,teufel_barde,"Thief gold is the remaster of the original thief game. It is a first person stealth game with minor puzzle solving elements.The game takes place in ""the city"", for it has no other name. A place built on steam and new technology that is slowly being developed, bringing it out from the dark age and into the metal age (the title of the second game). Poverty and crime are rampent, with a small section of the city holding most of its wealth. You, are garrett, a thief trained by a mysterious order in the art of stealth before fleeing and going freelance with your skills. The plot of the game? Steal from rich targets and slowly uncover the mysteries of the city, along with the cruel plots woven by one of its many inhabitants.The gameplay is easy to understand, but difficult to master. You are stuck in first person and have to sneak around, completing objectives and stealing swag to pawn off. You need to keep two things in mind when sneaking, the first is sound, whenever you move you make sound, this is different depending on the surface you are on. You make less noise when crouched, but move slower. The second thing to watch is light. There is a small indicator on the screen that tells you how visible you are to everything around you, if the light is on, its easier to see you than when its off. Simple stealthing 101. But, you are also equipped with a small selection of items, mostly arrows with different effects, like the moss arrow, which allows you to make a carpet to walk across silently, or the rope arrow, which allows you to reach high places provided you hit wood with it. There is also the trusty blackjack, perfect for knocking out enemies, and your sword, which you use to shank.Combat in this game is pretty janky, and its very easy to die, but then again, that is the point considering you aren't conan the barbarian. You can go crazy and run in with your sword, cutting everyone to pieces, but you are very weak and it only takes about two or three hits to kill you, even on the normal difficulty setting. While it doesn't force you to stealth, its highly recommended to at least try not to mad dash. As the game progresses, the levels really do change up, at first your breaking into a simple manor house, but by the end you are running through cursed churches and hellish fae domains. Most are designed in a realistic way, which really does allow you to think about the building you are in as an actual building, rather than just another level. The AI in this, for the time, is pretty impressive to, the guards will search for noises and use tactics and they have pretty good pathing for the most part.This does bring me to some of the faults of the game. Its old, really old, it runs wonderfuly on modern PC's, but the character models are so low poly that they had brick hands and plank arms. The textures for most of the world vary in quality, some look like they hold up really nicely, while others are cringe worthy. Then there are the enemy types, not all of them are terrible, but whenever zombies or ghosts are brought into the game, it really does feel annoying, considering that you can't kill either of them without special arrows, and the moment they spot you, they will hunt you down, even if it takes years to do it. Thankfully they only appear in a handful of levels at most. There are also a few cheap moments here and there that can ♥♥♥♥ you over with traps that come out of nowhere.But, despite all this, Thief is a masterful game, and earns its place as a classic for being a truly great game. Even by todays standards, its hard to find a game as good as this. This game is one of the grandfathers of stealth games, and is worth your time if you enjoy difficult stealth games, or just worth checking out to see the influences it has had on modern gaming."
76561197991729448,Recommended,211600,27723970,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bllurr159,"A game made by the venerable Looking Glass Studios, them who made another of my favorites of all time, System Shock 2.  I consider Thief to be the genesis of the First-Person Stealth genre, introducing numerous concepts that we see often in stealth games today, such as hiding in darkness, different surfaces making more or less noise as you walk across them, leaning to peer around corners, making distractions, eliminating light sources, climbing and swimming to reach different paths, and hiding bodies to avoid suspicion.In the first game of his storied career in voice acting, Stephen Russell shines as Garrett, a cool, calm, cynical rogue, with just a touch of silly wit.  (""So this is the Lost City . . . . It's not lost no more!"")  The environments of the vaguely-named City drip with atmosphere, and would only be improved as time wore on to Thief 2 and Thief 3 (and we don't talk about Thief's ""Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"", thank you).  A vague steampunk aesthetic weaves through the whole affair, with an undercurrent of the supernatural to give it spice.  Each map is well-crafted, with numerous ways to go and plenty of secrets to find, and some excellent environmental transitions in places.Levels are usually set up to simply steal everything valuable without being killed, then escape, though there are some different types of levels for flavor.  The ""horror levels"", though grumbled-about by a lot of folks, are wonderful in my opinion.  They seethe with quiet dread and loneliness, surrounded by strange creatures and undead nightmares in long forgotten and rotted places.  This is not a game about running and dashing and furious combat (see: that other game we won't talk about), it's about skill and collected coolness under pressure, being watchful and aware of your surroundings, and a pulse-pounding tension of just barely avoiding being caught, or scurrying from fights to lose attackers.All-in-all, Thief and its two sequels are some of my favorite games of all time, and though the graphics most certainly have not aged altogether well, it stands as a pinnacle of design, and a treasure of videogaming history.  If you can put up with the chunky models and the slower style of play, you won't find much better than this series, and though the 2nd did a lot better, this one has elements that will always have a place in my heart."
,Recommended,211600,27631465,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Whark,A stealth classic. Ahead of its time as a first person game. It bears many of the hallmarks of modern first person and action games in a primitive form.
,Recommended,211600,4140509,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,MadMatt2185,"The start of Stelth games in a big way. Though it could do with some of the needless fighting parts getting chopped off, which from what I hear, they did with Thief 2."
,Recommended,211600,9176107,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Dominant Chris,God Damn Classic!
,Recommended,211600,8352253,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,T.w² | IKEA,The storyline in the game is great. I love stealthy games like this!
76561198100289196,Recommended,211600,8689142,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Bisquick,"To anyone and everyone who is a fan of stealth games, I recommend this.This is truly the hardest stealth game I have ever played, and I feel almost too accomplished after only completing the game on Normal difficulty. This game will put your patience, as well as your abilities and wit to the test."
76561198030686288,Recommended,211600,9198475,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,BLADEZ64,"I bought this game purely for the nostalgia of playing it when I was a young whippersnapper. As well as that, I thought I would actually buy it so that I would be able to understand it and maybe complete some of the levels instead of watching it over my brother's shoulder suggesting things when I was like 5 or something. Anyway, it's a fantastic game to burn a couple hours on, the maps are huge with loads of little hidey-holes and rooms to explore and loot, the textures of the guards are hilarious when looking at it now, but back when it was the♥♥♥♥♥♥and the epitome of PC gaming it was awesome. There's some pretty eerie sound effects and music to accompany you in the shadows which gives the game a little more depth than just sneaking around grabbing all the stashes of coins. It's a great world to escape into and become the stealthy theif mastermind, Garrett sneaking around people's mansions and stealing valuable stuff. Basically everything you want to do but without the ASBOs or restraining orders.Buy this game because it's actually really amazing. I love it.11/10"
,Recommended,211600,33566247,Posted: 15 July,all,KeineGnade,"I've never been so entranced and immersed in an environment where I truly felt vulnerable as a stelathy rogue. With modern stealth games you can easilly just kill everything in your sight, but this game was one of the first stealth games that taught you how you will get ♥♥♥♥ed up because you thought you could take on a fully armored soldier. However, you are a master thief with tactics and stealth and the shadows. What the game subtley teaches you is that you need to scout and use your resources to successfully complete the task and do it professionally. The game also makes you realize what it's like to be a skilled thief. A THIEF, not some murderer that kills everything in sight which is what modern games tell you and in fact encourages most of the time. This game tells you subtley about your character and how his skill and wit is what makes him the master thief. You want to strive to be this masterful thief and not a murderer. It is better to leave your victims of your thievery alive to realize that they had their purses purloined rather than everyone dead to not have the satisfaction of them knowing they were jsut stolen from. It is still a matter of choice.With very few stealth games that actually encourage stealth, it feels good to come back to the old games that were truly stealth. Dishonored is a game that encourages you to be stealthy, but of course you can easilly kill everything in your sight if you so wanted to. Then there are the new splinter cells games which make it easy with tons of gadgets, but it makes sense since it is set in a modern setting. Thief being set in the midevil ages is a perfect setting that makes you rely on wit and skill and your trusty black jack. This is a game where you don't have silent foot steps unless you are moving at less than half a mile per hour, but when you have to move quick you can.The controls are outdated and luckily you cna customize them fully, so I strongly encourage oyu no matter what age to pick this game up especially when on sale for 2 bucks."
,Recommended,211600,28229716,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dust,"Get spotted by a Haunt and then try to outrun it.Most nightmare-inducing thing in a videogame ever. Don't look behind you.Seriously though, this game is still very, VERY good; except that some levels are infuriating at times. I'm talking about the near-impossible-to-ghost and full of trial and error situations Escape! level, the confusing design of the Thieves' Guild level, the difficulty imbalance of the Mages Tower level (the Air and Water towers almost feel like afterthoughts while the Fire tower can't possibly be ghosted and the Earth tower is dreadful to sneak through), and the annoying Return to the Cathedral level that, while very atmospheric and well designed on a level design standpoint, feels like a Zelda game because of the sheer amount of objectives added on the fly (I'm dying to describe what the objectives are but that would be spoiling too much, sadly).Aside from, obviously, the graphics and sound quality, the game hasn't aged at all. Even the controls are perfectly fluid.9/10"
,Recommended,211600,11378701,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Flam,"Ever think to yourself that Dishonored was not enough of a sneaking game for you? Deus Ex a bit to action packed? Well Thief & Thief 2 are your answer, never before has sneaking been so fully realized as in these two games, and though the graphics haven't aged well the gameplay is truly timeless."
76561198150607895,Recommended,211600,28278744,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Obarex,"Best atmosphere, feeling, voices, gameplay, story, music."
76561198112076621,Recommended,211600,28929923,Posted: 1 January,all,deadgiveaway74,"The game is in my opinion a master piece, and to say why would take a lot of writing.But in short;Near Perfect Gameplay.Wonderful emersion.Intriguing story (could be more).Garretts voice, lol.Audio matters, lighting matters, everything matters.Better than thief 2 imo, and equal to theif 3."
,Recommended,211600,28191487,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Revo1ution,"Best stealth game series of all time in my opinion. Thief is a must buy if you like stealth games. The mechanics of this game (besides the sword fighting) are just amazing. The story of this game is also great and I found it really interesting for someone who is not into story-driven games. Not much bad I can say about this game, other than you cannot run it in 1080p unless you install TFix."
76561198035368390,Recommended,211600,10770770,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tomoda,"WARNING: Windows 8 users will find several elements broken, including gamma/brightness, be warned. But there are easily accessible mods to fix this, I recommend Tafferpatcher.Far ahead of its time! Thief 1 + 2 have one of the finest atmospheres ever made in a stealth game.To be completely frank if you are even remotely into the stealth genre you do not want to skip this game. It has some of the most wonderful level design ever introduced into the genre. Gameplay is tight and tense, and there are always plenty of ways to go about solving your mission, this is not a linear game and multiple points-of-entry and solutions are always available.Give it a try! Length is ~12 hours for a first playthrough and everything is top notch. There's a reason this game is still lauded over a decade later."
,Recommended,211600,9324073,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mr Flibster,"Thief 2 is what many consider to be the height of the series, and I tend to agree, however it's very interesting to go back to where it all started.  Aside from a few annoyances (there are far too many zombie/spider filled levels, which negates the use of stealth entirely), this is still an incredibly rewarding and polished experience.  Expect to be challenged, of course.  Death can come very quickly if you don't have any patience, and this is late 90s level design at it's most prevalent so expect to get lost a few times in the surprisingly large maps when you start.  There is no hand-holding here.  On a final note, I find the atmosphere in these early Thief games nothing short of stunning, and certain sections are pretty damn chilling to play through, thanks in part to the sound design.So for taff's sake, get on the case and play a part of videogame history already."
,Recommended,211600,11767852,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,4KbShort,"The stealth game that all other stealth games should be compared to Thief: The Dark project (later titled Thief: Gold) is one of the most difficult, most balanced, and most well represented stealth action games that I have ever played. Perhaps nostalgia is partially to blame for my love as I purchased the game when it was originally released as well as it's followup Thief 2: The Metal Age and Thief: Deadly Shadows. Thief introduced some of the most well known stealth mechanics still found today such as light/dark with indicators, leaning to avoid detection, smart AI that listen and search for you, and tools to incapacitate and confuse rather than kill your enemies. Add on top of this a three teired diffculty system that not only increases the number of enemies on the map, but also the objectives you must complete, and the AI's intelligence and ability to detect you and Thief shows us what a true stealth game can be if enough effort is put into design rather than art."
,Recommended,211600,5131145,"Posted: 17 August, 2012",all,Miskude,"Thief is a nice first-person stealth game with a good atmosphere, but it's really hard. You always get lost in this game, and the map doesn't really help.7/10"
76561197963852846,Recommended,211600,8892617,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Finger,"One of the greatest of the old school games. A true classic.Best played in a quiet, low light enviroment."
,Recommended,211600,8872429,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Nark,"One of the progenitors of the stealth genre and the first game that really immersed you in the role of the character as you tried to stay as queit as possible and as hidden as possible. Darkness and carpeted floors are your friend, light and tiles are the enemy. Has some dungeon crawley elements in about half of the missions but I think that makes it all the more special when compared to Thief 2, which is usually regarded as the better game and an improvement on the formula, but I think both games are equals in different ways.This game is 1000x better than Thi4f and you should spend money on this."
,Recommended,211600,9272658,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,The Bagel Khan,"The first Thief game is the grandfather of all stealth games. So many other games until then were focused on killing as many enemies on the screen as fast as you could, but Thief was novel because it was focused on remaining invisible, undetected, and most importantly, non-lethal.I honestly have yet to play any other stealth game that has dedicated the same kind of attention to stealth mechanics as Thief 1 and 2 have. This game takes into account how fast Garrett is going, what material he is walking on, whether something wrong has been noticed, how illuminated you are, what weapon you have out, whether you are crouched or upright, and what direction you are attacking from, in terms of whether a guard or horrifying creature will notice you, and whether your blackjack's hit will be effective.The amount of tools you must utilize is also quite astounding, ranging from at least five different types of arrows, your lockpicks, your potions, your weapons, and of course, your wits.The sound for the game is absolute pure euphoria; a simple review alone doesnt really do it justice. You really need to hear to believe, and not just through a YouTube Let's Play, but by actually playing the game and putting on a good pair of earbuds or headphones.This game has more tense nervewracking gameplay in one hallway than many other ""stealth"" games have in an entire level or several levels. You owe it to yourself to play this masterpiece of a stealth game."
76561198084588021,Recommended,211600,9416113,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Duster_Man,"Without question the entire Thief trilogy are the best Stealth games ever made. It demonstrates all the incredible elements on how stealthy you need to be when you're playing the role of Garrett.Sure you have a sword and bow and arrow in the game to fight and defend yourself. This game though is about Stealth, so the combat in this game won't be the best. If you want to play a combat game, then this game isn't for you.Stealth gamers are going to love this game as well as the other 2 games."
,Recommended,211600,3089653,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Scooter,"Don't be fooled by the outdated look of this game, for it will be one of the best games you will ever play. It has mechanics of stealth way ahead of its time and it has a complex story once you get past the first few levels. I recomend it for people who love stealth games and need new material to beat and get scared with. Yes you read that right, this game is legitimately freaky. and thats just the atmosphere."
76561198227992880,Recommended,211600,24223136,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr. Sexys PIzza,This game is amazing! The graphics arent the best but  the story makes up for it. There are some bad levels that really get annoying but the game is at its best when your stealing from right under peoples noses.  Thief 2 and Thief 3 are also really great games and continue on the story very well.Solid 10/10I also must note a little perk where you can skip levels.
,Recommended,211600,25514895,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Esoteric,"Thief Gold is a first person stealth game by Looking Glass Studios ,in fact it is actually the first of its kind. You play as Garrett, a wise cracking and all around great thief. I must say that I love Garrett. He is a thief through and through and just loves what he does, his voice actor is excellent as well.The core gameplay of Thief Gold revolves around maneuvering large and complex levels stealing various artifacts. The level design is very good for any lover of exploration. However, these levels can feel just gargantuan in size especially on your first playthrough; you can easily be lost for thirty minutes or close to an hour on some. That aside, sneaking around is quite fun. Garrett possesses many tools for the job: a sword, blackjack (for knocking people out), arrows, water arrows (for extinguishing torches), flash bombs (flash bangs essentially), rope arrows (for vertical movement), lock picks, mines, etc. Yet there is one unique contraption that is paramount in this game. It is a yellow gem that appears at the bottom of the screen. This gem will indicate how much you are vulnerable to being seen. Bright yellow = very vulnerable. Slightly dark = keep your distance from guards. Very dark = you are almost invisible. Keeping track of this gem is essential in order to not get caught and have to deal with the awkward combat system. Garrett is not a solider. So be prepared to run or sometimes reload a previous save if you get caught. In addition to this, there is a heavy emphasis on the noise you will make when you walk on different surfaces. Carpets = very quiet. Tiles = not a lot but be careful when guards are close. Metal = can be loud. Overall the gameplay is very fun but it can drag some times.The story in Thief Gold is very intriguing. I will not spoil it, but I will say that it will capture your interest. However, I will spoil the atmosphere. The atmosphere this game creates is simply excellent. It really does draw in to the world. I could write an essay on how good it is. The sound design in this game released in 1998 is better than most games made today. To put it simply, this game feels like a horror game. It has that particular feeling in the air that something is amiss.The only real complaint I have with this game is its higher difficulty levels. There are two higher difficulty levels: Hard and Expert. These difficulties add new objectives such as having you steal another artifact or do not kill any servants/innocents.  Those are fine additions. What I dislike is the addition of objectives asking to steal 1000 gold worth loot or whatever number it asks. The problem I have with these objectives is that they can be really tedious sometimes. This problem can magnified immensely depending on the level you are playing. I will fully admit that I have given up on some levels on Expert for this reason. I just cannot find that last 50-100 gold pieces worth of loot. HINT: If this happens to you hold Ctrl, Shift, Alt, and End to skip to the end of a level.Despite that complaint, I would highly recommend Thief Gold to any stealth fan."
,Recommended,211600,33898405,Posted: 29 July,all,Bambam,"Great game. Pretty cheap, controls are a bit awkward though.Definitely recommend."
76561198108299718,Recommended,211600,33428910,Posted: 10 July,all,Walle[t],"Worth all the praise, in addition its excellent for speedrunning."
76561198051888621,Recommended,211600,29019522,Posted: 4 January,all,The Sheriff,"A great classic game that still holds up today.Thief is a stealth game in the truest sense: combat is clunky on purpose and you almost always end up dying whenever fighting two or more enemies, so you need to avoid them discovering you at all costs.Its so much fun to outsmart the guards and just steal♥♥♥♥♥♥from rich guys.The cutscenes between each level really add to the atmosphere of the game and hype you up for the next level. (and also explain how you know the layout of the area and how you get your equipment)The default controls are REALLY wonky, but you can change them to whatever you want so its fine.However, there are a few parts where the game falls short. Namely, the levels that exclusively feature zombies and ghosts just aren't that fun compared to sneaking past guards, cultists and mages. (Though I did like the one where you get the fire talisman) Those levels just feel very generic and bland. There is also going to be at least one level where you'll wander around for an hour trying to figure just where the f*** you need to go.That being said, the last three levels which featuredemon and weird bug creature enemiesare probably my absolute favorites."
,Recommended,211600,30912505,Posted: 2 April,all,HuskeyG,One of the best ever. Do a search for TFix if your game opens into a black screen and doesn't work. It'll fix it right up :)
76561198021844334,Recommended,211600,30228868,Posted: 27 February,all,christiano.keller,"Great game! It is old, 1998, but still great, a true test of time.The story is good, the tricks are nice and you can reach the mission objectives using different paths.Buy, play and enjoy!"
76561198069605848,Recommended,211600,33836194,Posted: 27 July,all,Father Kaiser,"Aged well, like fine wine. Lots of shadows hide bad textures and awful npc models, but atmosphere immerses you completely so you wont care while you're playing. Doesn't hold your hand, play on hardest difficulty to test yourself, bonk guards on heads pls.Key bindings are weird but can be remapped so it's okay. Sound and world design maybe best I've ever experienced in vidya, very spooky. Story is good, voice acting great but all guards having the same voice can be immersion breaking, but hammy dialogue is light hearted and game pokes fun at itself a lot, including the pc Garret, generally it's cheesy fun.Stealth mechanics are so simple yet so genius, prepare to be aware of your own foot steps and the sounds of the environment, always hide in the shadows. Avoid marble and metal grating floors, but easy exploit can be used to avoid this by slowly inching your way forward without either of Garret's feet taking a step, minimising sound. Maybe bug, but the slow movement makes it a good trade off and teaches you to be careful. Trick arrows also very important, but on expert you'll probably be only using water, rope, moss and gas arrows. Easy to get by just using blackjack and water arrows, also holy water to kill undead (very important, makes some levels significantly easier).Also amazing modding scene, many fan missions worth playing, including capability to create your own with the level editor called DromEd.Play this game if you love♥♥♥♥♥♥♥atmospheric vidya, turn volume up and listen to great ambience and soundtrack. Be careful of vague maps and objectives, lots of riddles to be solved, had to look at guides on occassion to find hidden loot accidently missed. If you like immersive sims, pls play this, and it's sequel. rip Looking Glass."
,Recommended,211600,35075328,Posted: 19 September,all,REDFLAGish,"Still one of the greats! The graphics are outdated, but if you dont mind that you'll have a blast! Reccomended to any stealth game enthusiasts, the atmosphere, world building and stealth gameplay are second only prehaps to later games in the series. I would suggest getting Tfix from the looking glass forums, it is a fan made patch and without it the game can be unplayable on newer systems."
,Recommended,211600,6103313,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Shadow Hugger,"A classic and rare edition of the game that made the Stealth Genre viable, ""THIEF Gold"" is the story of a man whose talent for becoming one with the shadows lands him in hot water with the law...and less pleasant forces that would use him to bring  destruction to The First City.It holds up to the stealth games of today, blowing past them in many cases, and the level designs are still some of the most imaginative I've seen.  Its backdrop of an industrial-mediaeval civilisation beset by crime, religious fanatacism, and dark magical arts, is as enticing as it is unsettling.Seek out the patches online for maximum visual quality; otherwise the game runs very well indeed on most advanced OS."
76561198027982510,Recommended,211600,35138836,Posted: 22 September,all,Hardcore Games™,https://hardcoregames.azurewebsites.net/thief-gold/added links for  patches for the game so it looks beter on a modern rigthis classic game is one of the sucesses during the tech bubble of the late 1990s
,Recommended,211600,673808,"Posted: 31 July, 2012",all,Haxavier,"I know what you're thinking. The game looks old as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and is apparently the progenitor of the first person stealth genre. How can this be worth $10? It's worth $5, tops. Right?I disagree. There is a very good reason why Thief is still lauded as one of the best stealth games ever made. That's because it IS one of the best stealth games ever made. Though the systems present are basically systems we take granted for today, they are rock solid and play very admirably. This is coming from someone who has cut his teeth on stealth games, but hasn't played Thief until recently (2012). And the level design is just so good, and can be extremely creative...keep an eye out for some of the later missions...they will blow your mind."
76561198037966853,Recommended,211600,35340530,Posted: 30 September,all,Quadfarshat,Thank you God for allowing such an amazing game to exist!
,Recommended,211600,25713928,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,guy spicy,Getting lost simulator.
,Recommended,211600,12064385,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Labtec Speakers,"If there's at least one game I like that doesn't involve shooting things in the face, it's this."
76561198119631148,Recommended,211600,10461049,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,neuromancer14,"Thief Gold is truly the pioneer of the stealth genre ever since it's initial release in 1998. And it's amazing atmosphere, story, and gameplay still hold up today.  You'd be a taffer not to play it.5 gold coins out of 5."
76561197996446613,Recommended,211600,11902631,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,brutal spooj lord,"I discovered the Thief series in some roundabout way, but the similarities to the sneaking system in the Elder Scrolls series is fantastic, and I would even say it surpasses it. Thief Gold is essentially the director's cut of the original Thief game, so it's got some dated Quake II-esqe graphics that end up making the game that more charming.TL;DR: If you like Skyrim sneaking, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,211600,11342591,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Tisaga,"I alerted some guards by throwing crates. They came for me and saw me but only one decided to fight, and subsequently got bashed in the face by my blackjack, after taking away most of my health of course. The other was caught on a pillar and, thinking I was gone, started to look for me again. I shot him in the face and he ran to get help. Later, I ran into a guard patrolling the halls and ran away (he didn't follow, though). Using my superior intellect, I jumped down a flight of stairs and died. I was on the first level.The stealth was good, too. 10/10"
,Recommended,211600,8071622,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ol' dog,♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198043971033,Recommended,211600,11570278,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Upsetti And No Spaghetti,"I'm only six missions in and already I can tell a few things. One is that this is going to become one of my favorite series'. Two is that this is the scariest non-horror game I've ever played, I think. Three is that this game has really unique missions. I don't think I'll be forgetting Down in the Bonehoard or The Sword or The Cathedral any time soon."
76561198095979123,Recommended,211600,21364423,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Кама,What can I say?A mastapiece. 10/10
,Recommended,211600,25645187,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,jxk46,You have to download a EXE file for the game to work boohoo.It's a really solid stealth game though get it dude.
,Recommended,211600,33708581,Posted: 21 July,all,tyr4nt,"My only complaint about this game is the run speed is incredibly slow. But what do you expect, you're a theif, not Usain Bolt. It's truly a revoilutionary game for it's time, and it's gameplay mechanics hold up to todays standards in terms of creativity and toughtfullness. Overall, a well polished game, I would reccomend ""Thief"" for anyone looking to immerse themselves in a medevil steampunk universe."
,Recommended,211600,19449281,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,-=ZBearJew=-,"First PC game i ever got from a PC Gamer Demo CD in 1998. This game caused countless Time-Outs, Groundings, No Computers, Well deserved beatings. At 8 years old my mother told me i would waste my life away playing video games if i didn't stop with this one. She was right.10/10This game changed me.On a side note, this game was so advanced for its time its amazing."
,Recommended,211600,23138205,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mason,"Great fun First Person Stealth game with excellent level design that promotes exploration and creativity. Only minor issue is there are a few levels that stray away from ""stealing from the rich"" into Tomb Raider-ish environments filled with Zombies/Monsters, which detracts from the stealth gameplay.Make sure to get TFix before playing."
,Recommended,211600,12207918,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Boy Lag,test
,Recommended,211600,34971716,Posted: 15 September,all,Boy,I liek dis
76561198115774672,Recommended,211600,23913104,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,themusicman37,"I really do enjoy this game. My only problem is that my version is not playing cutscenes? I don't know if this is a common problem, but while I enjoy what I'm doing, I completely lack context and am running in blind. I only know the cutscenes exist because I tried to play the intro in the main menu and it didn't work."
,Recommended,211600,31630883,Posted: 8 May,all,korea><(('>,it's good !
76561197961860660,Recommended,211600,28559417,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sir-Smoke-A-Lot,"Top-notch stealth game. Doesn't get any better than this, in terms of stealth, and the dark arts represented seem well-researched. Better lore than Silent Hill, and it's more haunting."
76561198262080096,Recommended,211600,21571330,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"I can't believe I have spent the last 17 years not even once trying to play this game. Instead I was doing lots of useless things like finishing high school, university, getting a job, getting married, having two kids, a cat, a dog, visiting half of the world...11/10 ♥♥♥♥ high school, shoud have played Thief then."
76561197972390763,Recommended,211600,578468,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Exige,"If you missed this one back in the 90s, it still hasn't lost its appeal. There's a reason every review for a modern stealth game includes a comparison to Thief. This is the game that defined the genre.It contains realistic open level design that's never been matched since. Each building feels like it was designed to serve a real purpose, not just to be a linear game level. The backstory is deep and immersive and the motivations behind the steampunk-versus-magic factions are morally complex.One of the all-time great classics. Well worth a purchase.Unfortunately, the engine hasn't aged well. Even with the recent patches, this game requires a bit of tweaking before it runs without mouse lag at the correct speed in widescreen mode. No matter how highly I recommend this game, you need to be willing to spend some time reading the forums and tweaking configuration files to get the most out of it."
76561198254212880,Recommended,211600,23769799,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ComicSams,"Great game, but hasn't necessarily aged the best. None of that matters for me and if you too can get past that, then you should pick it up, especially if it's cheap.Pros:-Great atmosphere (everyone says it but it's true)-Great stealth mechanics-A plurality of ways to complete the missionsCons-Looks aged-Controls might take some getting used to"
76561198073231469,Recommended,211600,15484217,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Dragan,If you like stealth games I reccomend this one. It is the original stealth game. Deus Ex original was made by eidos after they made this game.
,Recommended,211600,7402104,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,bfRheostat,"Edit: If you experiencing crashing problem like i experienced before, go tohttp://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=121449and download DDFix v1.5.11 and extract files to your Thief Gold main directory. It'll solve the problem.It doesn't work or crashing after you start the mission. I've tried this on three computers, maybe Steam version has some major problems. You might want to buy a DRM-free version of it.Tested on these machines:AMD Athlon64 3000+, HD4670 (AGP 8x GPU), Windows XP 32bit (SP3)Intel Core2Duo P7450 CPU, GeForce G210M, Windows 7 (Home Premium) 32bitAMD A10-4600M APU (CPU), HD7660G, Windows 8 64bit"
76561197979417023,Recommended,211600,11682527,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,HeroicSkaldZach,"Thief is not a stealth game for the light of heart.  For starters, you may be used to backstabbing enemies in other games, such as Dishonored, which was inspired by this game.You would be better off unlearning that instinct, as this is a game that emphasizes the fact that you are a thief.  Not a ""Rogue"" from D&D, and not an Assassin from Assassin's Creed.  Garrett is no swordsman, carrying his sword more for self-defense than necessity.The swordplay is intentionally awkward, as they originally developed the engine for another game they had planned, but discovered it was too difficult to use.  Then they realized they could apply it to a game where the player character isn't expected to be a good swordsman.As far as stealth mechanics go, you will learn to love the shadows.  Garrett is practically invisible while in the darkest shadows, and thus you will find yourself flitting from shadow to shadow, like a true thief, while fearing the light that exposes you to your enemies.  You will also learn to pay careful attention to the sound you make, as guards have ears and will pay attention to sounds you make.Being a thief, however, Garrett is squishy.  And on the highest difficulties, he considers himself a professional - that means no murdering.  This is what sets Thief apart from other games - it discourages simple murder, and encourages you to get around obstacles instead of cutting your way through them.  This is a simple thing that Deadly Shadows and Thief 4 have neglected.The graphics are dated, but this can be mended by the HD mod, which improves the quality of the textures.  However, if you can overcome the graphics, you will find a rich and rewarding experience.As far as the plot goes, well,, it is slow to start off with - Garrett takes the first chance he gets to escape from the Keepers, and tries to make his own fate outside of their influence.  The plot of the game doesn't kick in until part of the way in.  More impressive than the plot, however, is the atmosphere.  You are in the !@#$iest steampunk city in the entire fictional universe.  The rich are corrupt, the poor are sick and hungry, one religion's word is law, and another religion is trying to kill everyone.  Even the bears suffer (if you eavesdrop on a conversation in the first proper mission of the game).Even if you are a new player, I would recommend playing the game on Expert.  Expert is where Thief truly shines, as it requires the most gameplay out of you.  It isn't just a flat upgrade in stats, you have more objectives you are required to complete, objectives you might not have ever known about on any other difficulty.What are the bad parts of this game, you might ask?  For starters, the controls are outdated.  You can remap them, but you have different keys for ""walk forward"" and ""run forward"", and you WILL be using both.  Thankfully, the game doesn't use TOO many keys, so just remap them to your comfort level.All in all, if you're a fan of stealth games, I would DEFINITELY recommend Thief.  If you are interested in starting a stealth game, I would recommend giving this a try, too.  If you hate Stealth games, why are you reading this?If you want a Thief game where you play as a Thief and not a kleptomaniac Assassin, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,211600,3249432,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,Esca,"if you haven't played this, I hate you(the zombie levels are kind of annoying, and you should remap the controls, but seriously, PLAY THIS)"
,Recommended,211600,15863522,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lloyd Clive,"The dawn of looking glasses golden age, I consider this, along with all the rest of the dark engine games, to be looking glasses masterpieces, the legacy they left behind for all of us to enjoy. Never forget, Looking Glass studios."
,Recommended,211600,16669510,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lickidactyl,Worth playing for the final (non-bonus) level alone.
,Recommended,211600,27106830,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,benno,"In my opinion one, if not, the best stealth games ever released."
,Recommended,211600,415844,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,JP,"The first real immersive sim stealth game, and still one of the best.  The graphics are primitive by modern standards, but the landmark audio design by Eric Brosius still makes this world terrifying to me."
76561198102214640,Recommended,211600,25629031,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,"Devin ""Ghost"" Sola",really enjoy this game i remember playing thief deadly shadows on xbox orginal man that brings back memories i really enjoyed it even tho i never knew how to play but since i know how to game and stuff i wanted to start off with the first thief so rn im playing it and wow its just so amazing like if u really get into it it almost feel like ur inside the game and ur heart races when a guard is like right in front of u in the darkness i really enjoy it hopefully i could get all the thief games if anyone wanna buy meh thief 2 thatll just be great at least lol XD10/10 WILL BRING BACK YOUR MEMORIES
,Recommended,211600,16756779,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Vaalvehl3,gd
,Recommended,211600,29109056,Posted: 7 January,all,Troy Mclure,Its one of those games that you either love or adore
,Recommended,211600,33449169,Posted: 10 July,all,KareemKubed,"seems like a cool game, once you learn the special controls however. also, i had a hard time running it on windows 10 at first, but i fixed it. i say give it a try if you have the patience to learn the controls and the money to spare."
,Recommended,211600,9012333,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,s▼ni†y burgl∆r,"One of my good friends had recommended this game to me; it was his favorite PC game of all time.I have not really got too far into the game quite yet, but I have played it for a few hours, and I can say I really do appreciate it a lot. It has a very dark and eerie atmosphere to it. I like it's old-school feel, too. I would like if the game would let you play using an Xbox controller, but it seems it doesn't support it fully.Recommended if you like stealth, going around stealing things and knocking out gards, as the game's title obviously implies."
,Recommended,211600,8268314,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Centurion Yareyous,Fun vury fun
76561198128206779,Recommended,211600,9726742,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dragonborn7092,It is a good game since it was made in 1998 I recomend u should get it if u like retro gameing. Secondly I think the rating for this game should be rated T for TEEN!
,Recommended,211600,20602799,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Meddle,"Thief: The Dark Project or Thief: Gold in this case is one of my favorite games of all time. It's a brilliant piece of fiction and brilliant gameplay wise. It's a bold stealth game set in a fictional world run by Nobles, Peasants, Religious Fanatics, and Pagans. You're Garrett a cunning, sarcastic Thief who needs to pay the rent so instead of doing an honest days work, he steals. He's one of the best stealth characters in video game history. The game is set in a giant fictional place known only as the city, it's a giant cross between the Dark age and the Viktorian age, the art style is dark yet colorful, even for 1998 graphics I still find the art style and graphics appealing and I'd take them over any modern day graphics. I'm serious.The stealth gameplay is something put together so perfectly in a game. You're not only gonna have to worry about sticking to the shadows you're also always gonna have to worry about how audible you are, given what surface you're walking across. Grass, wood, and stone are a surface you can easily sprint on. But can't jump on or else you'll make too much noise, while carpet is a surface you can jump on and also sprint on. The same can't be said about marble flooring which is a dead give away if you even walk on it. You'll see more marble flooring and more lights that you can't put out, the more you get to the rich and powerful in the game. Light is also handled well in Thief, your light gem at the bottom of the screen is a life saver. Also other things in this game come into play for stealth. If you leave a pool of blood guards will become suspicious, if you leave a door open guards might investigate, guards will turn on lights in dark areas to check if they are suspicious of a trespassers presence. They also have a lot of dialogue for many of the actions you will do. It's great.The game is an immersive master piece and it really feels like a game but somethings will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. The Dark Engine is dated and you will see that with moving on things that are too polygonal cause you might get stuck, and the combat is too iffy. Sometimes blocking feels like a smooth deal and sometimes it won't be. People say movement is another thing that bugs them but I actually like the the way the Dark Engine controls, the bobbing syncs up perfectly with how audible you are. The monsters in this game are also annoying, I like how the story delves into the paranormal though. This version of the game might also be really bugged with the cutscenes so you might get lost with the story because you don't have the cutscenes and briefing scenes to understand what you're doing. The extra missions also mess with pacing. So if you can try to find the Dark Project version but this is the only one Steam has, it would be nice if they added the Dark Project along with this version. Like how they did with System Shock: Enhanced Edition.The game also makes has a great arsenal of tools for Garrett to use such as water arrows for torches and other light sources made with fire, moss arrows for dampening your footsteps, rope arrows for getting to hard to reach areas, fire arrows for opening doors and also used as a means of aggression, noise maker arrows for trickery, the blackjack which is a small black billyclub is used for knocking people out, and a sword for aggression and knocking down doors that you're too ♥♥♥♥ed to lockpick.I highly recommend you try out Thief: Gold and also Thief II: The Metal Age. Some of the greatest games of all time. This game will test your common sense and will make you think."
,Recommended,211600,871796,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,SkyyNet,"Over the years i have played many stealth games, all of them were third person and i always considered that having a third person perspective on stealth games was cheating but that is how almost every single stealth game is so i had to deal with it, i then found Thief, a first person stealth game so i naturally got really excited since it was first person instead of third person and after playing it all i can say is that i cant go back to play third person stealth games, i really cant, Thief is what i always wanted in a stealth game and it is the best stealth game i have ever played and probably will, it is also one of the best games i have played and it definitely goes into my Top 5 of all times.All third person stealth games do it wrong, Thief is truthfully the only way to stealth."
,Recommended,211600,27530859,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[CZ] Colonel Clanny,"Only one thief in a world, a way unrealistic..."
76561198153166623,Recommended,211600,24642915,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,justintime2kick,have the old laptop. it was screwing up
,Recommended,211600,24562272,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,flurry,"Like no other game Thief holds a very dear place in my heart.  Nothing in my experience comes close to the sense of otherworldly atmosphere as presented in this game.  I remember when I played this as a 13 year old kid, the visceral sense of breaking & entering Bafords manor, blackjack in hand, the guard on duty who seemed so real in that long dark forboding corridor.Dark Souls comes close to this but is too grimdark and frankly difficult, and Dishonoured tries too much and loses a sense of immersion.Thief Gold is even better as the extra missions act as good breaks between the supernatural missions towards the end.  Protip about those supernatural missions: think of yourself as more of a Ranger than a Thief: its action time >:)1000/10, best game ever"
76561198127359020,Recommended,211600,23683922,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,tharsisridge,"A brilliant game for all lovers of stealth and steam punk.I have to admit, I am biased. I have been a Thief fan for ages, play the fan missions etc."
,Recommended,211600,13657480,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ghost friend,zombos spookt me solid 9/thief would steal again
,Recommended,211600,14767101,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dynamack,"You haven't played Thief? What are you waiting for, taffer?This game is great in so many aspects. There are big open levels and the game doesn't hold your hand. The voice acting is brilliant and the gameplay is truly stealth focused. Sure the graphics aren't great but the rest of the game overshadows that."
76561198201823508,Recommended,211600,34706606,Posted: 3 September,all,Gumbiman,Perfect Level Design Part 18/10
76561198036187439,Recommended,211600,34877078,Posted: 10 September,all,gspot19,"I finished this four years ago so I don't remember the game too well, though it seemed dated.  No surprise, it's old.  I did finish it but at times it seemed like a slog.  Focusing on stealth was the big ticket feature, and at the time that was a big deal, but not so much nowadays.  Still, worth playing.6.5/10"
76561198127836518,Recommended,211600,21928304,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,CaptainGhostKey,What's a good games are recommended to everyone
,Recommended,211600,24309827,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"Do the cutscenes play?  Nope.  Are there some annoying bugs that make it difficult to play on modern systems?  Yep.  Is it better than any modern game released?  Yes.  You take ANY level in this game, nevermind The Sword and Bafford's Mansion, and you have an entire game that is better than most modern releases full games today.  It's that simple.  Stealth, detection of your presence, your awareness of your visibility to your opponents, your realization of levels of detection by voice cues and whether you have a chance of just staying in the shadows all make this games one of the MOST INTENSE battles you will EVER face without ever firing a single shot.  You don't fire fight in this game.  Two blows from a Hammer's hammer and you are done.  No 200% armor, no superhealth, no quad damage, no invulnerability.   It's just you; a mace, a few arrows filled with water and moss and hopefully a flash bomb or two.  It doesn't get more real than this game and you can feel the love and care in every level"
76561198047129050,Recommended,211600,14643694,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,AFauzan91,"the pioneer,the mother of all stealth games+atmospheric world+good voice actor+explore big map+has a ghost,zombies,dinosarus,mages,mutants,even demon-no subtitle"
,Recommended,211600,1719774,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Zess,"sneaky ,snekay"
,Recommended,211600,11041168,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Gogoud,Very suspensful excellent somewhat addicting game! Highly reccommend to all of my friends. You'll like it.
76561198055276201,Recommended,211600,28177172,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Freezer,"Ignore the Thief reboot, this is the real deal. This is one of the best stealth games ever despite pretty much being the pioneer of the genre. The stealth mechanics here are top notch, as is the writing, presentation and items. Moss arrows, rope arrows and water arrows are proof of the great game design that we don't see anymore in newer stealth games.Admittedly this game has some pretty bad levels. Still worth it for all it does right, just grind your teeth through the bad levels. That being said if you can only buy one Thief game, go straight for the sequel. But if you love the genre and think you'll like the series, play the original trilogy in order, they're all great (even the third game)."
76561198030736144,Recommended,211600,12214008,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Syhra,"Played a lot of this game. Many memorable moments of myself and others playing it. Aaaah, Esc, Quit game."
,Recommended,211600,8969726,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,SilentButLively,10/10 This game sucks
,Recommended,211600,29553073,Posted: 28 January,all,StupidHobby,"Great mechanics, good world building, interesting setting. It rewards patience and planning effectively. You can't handle combat very well especially on Expert difficulty, and the game was purely designed around stealth which works well with it's multitude of ways to explore the city. Well crafted atmosphere that easily immerses you, especially as you continue forward. The music really fits the themes of the levels well, and changes depending on where you are. A recommended game not only to appreciate the stealth mechanics and ingenuity of itself, but to appreciate the non-tact story telling and overall craft that went into making this. This is the best game I've ever played."
76561198272100636,Recommended,211600,32691200,Posted: 23 June,all,spakeldorf,There is no mini-map
76561197981694858,Recommended,211600,27008629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Glenn,Simply the best stealth game ever made.
,Recommended,211600,6432585,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Mulder,One of the best stealth games ever.
76561197983028569,Recommended,211600,10250603,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,tiikoo1,Door opening simulator
,Recommended,211600,10605697,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mehungrey,This doesn't even work
76561198112194581,Recommended,211600,28694079,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sylux,"An old fave of mine. Still love it, even after all these years."
,Recommended,211600,1552283,"Posted: 22 May, 2012",all,Bernadotte,SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
,Recommended,211600,26257148,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,it'#s golden
,Recommended,211600,21670783,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,J4K3,Old but Gold
76561198036806268,Recommended,211600,21912616,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,daveparm,"I can say nothing bad about this game.  Dated graphics?  Pshaw, play the game and it doesn't matter.This is what medieval Hitman would be like, if going in guns blazing was suicide - open ended from every angle.  As someone who played this when it first came out, there are play styles which are not rewarded in-game, but are infinitely satisfying: steal all the loot, use nothing which could be found later (water arrows, noise arrows, etc) and knock no one out.  The aftermath is that everything valuable is gone from the house, there are no clues, and no guard saw anything...do this and you aren't a thief - you're a shadow!"
76561198116883876,Recommended,211600,22113289,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mathmangaming21,"This is a great stealth game of hiding killing knocking out, to you just dying. The only difficult is the brightness factor so if you play on a laptop I reccomend plugging it in to your tv so you can see better. 10/10 The first thief here on steam has three more missions added then it had on the game disc."
76561198008127190,Recommended,211600,23555256,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[BKA]Rex[DK],"Thief Gold, in HD  yes , ill play it anytime   (had it before i got steam)Nothing to say, just try it..   Best stealth ever :-)92 metacritic, im not alone liking this great game.    Pls Enjoy...........Found this :  Worked..http://www.moddb.com/mods/thief-gold-hd-texture-mod/forum/thread/thief-gold-hd-mod-faq"
,Recommended,211600,23539047,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Vortyrion,It's great
76561197990406921,Recommended,211600,23970266,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MMG Man,great stealth action game!
,Recommended,211600,23626112,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Professional Dank Meme Snorter,"This game has it's fair share of problems. You can't play it unless you have Tpatch ,which lets it run better on modern computers. Don't expect anything in terms of graphics ,this is from 1998. This game revolutionized stealth gaming and it's mechanics show in modern gaming. The in-game map was a piece of paper ,which would come up when you press ""M"" ,similarly to most other games today. The map wouldn't actually show your position ,because it's supposed to be a map that is hand drawn by your player character and it fits the theme ,so I liked that mechanic. I would get lost because of it ,but it's different from most maps and it made you feel like you were there. It also made you look around to figure out where you were ,which actually was really annoying for me. The AI is also extremely stupid and I hated a lot of levels. As much as I hate a lot of mechanics ,this is still an entertaining game. I guess I just don't like it as much as some people because I'm not use to some mechanics. However ,you will get use to it and this is fun."
,Recommended,211600,24065202,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Biz Mark,"This game is one of the greatest classics I ever played fun, great and funny voice acting. The game engine is perfect for a thief game, great level designs and characters."
76561198013056671,Recommended,211600,24074352,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Theo Hardmeier,Starts simple enough but as the missions go on its starts getting creepy...more supernatural elements surface as the story gets told.From robbing castles with human opponents to abandoned cities to a haunted zombie and spirit filled cathedral. Plenty of types of locations and foes in it but the levels themselves can be bland at times. Not enough decor in some of the places you go.The game should be cheap as chips but beware if you do buy it expect to do some tweaking to get it working and finding one of the mods that expand the game engine.
76561198302835183,Recommended,211600,22872126,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,deniskmayo,Question... I just downloaded thief gold and it works fine except the cut scenes between the levels dont play. I love this game but the story line is the best part and im just wondering if anyone knows how to get them playing again??
,Recommended,211600,31452563,Posted: 29 April,all,bratnny72,classic
76561198057674136,Recommended,211600,31091173,Posted: 11 April,all,spinningblueplanet,"Finally had the chance to play this gem using recommended mods and audio enhancements and was blown away at the immersion and fun had!  Truly one of the best games ever made.  It grabs you and doesn't want to let go.  The levels are maze like but totally understandable and worthy of exploration.  Music, gameplay, level design and story line make this a game you won't soon forget.  Play on expert mode all the way through and just soak it all in.  A+"
76561197980933159,Recommended,211600,31109430,Posted: 12 April,all,Murray841,Great game.
76561197963584381,Recommended,211600,31428618,Posted: 28 April,all,Iconoclast,"Although I vastly prefer Thief 2's story and setting, Thief Gold is the original and is absolutely worth a playthrough."
76561198044183781,Not Recommended,211600,29174970,Posted: 10 January,all,EldritchSyntax,"I thought this was a game about sneaking into houses and stealing things, not navigating maze-like dungeons and dealing with ghosts and zombies.  The twisted up mansion was cool though.By the way, the fanbase is a total cult that thinks this is the best stealth game on earth and cannot tolerate anybody that doesn't fawn over it.  Steer clear.  Go buy thief 2 instead."
,Recommended,211600,12893978,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,KateTheD,love this game since 10 years!!!! one of the best moments of my youth :x  ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211600,8046743,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,gtsaf0,"Thief is a lame old outdated game with vertex graphics, 8 bits of memory, 1 level of play, it has no scaling capability, no digital stereo sound, no multiplayer, no secret codes, MAN THE GUYS DON'T EVEN BLEED!Plus, I mastered it when I was 3, OK?"
76561197972499865,Recommended,211600,12564260,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,"A great game, classic."
,Recommended,211600,28561562,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fiverglem,an absolutley amazing game! been playing it since i was 9 and have never stopped
76561198032539511,Recommended,211600,21646556,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Invictus,"Great game, worth buying no matter what price"
,Recommended,211600,23157621,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,LemonChiki,"This game is everything right. 10/10 wish i bought Thief II aswell, someone get it 4 me... I shall spy thee ..."
76561198130386170,Recommended,211600,23852879,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,gofish,hillo
76561198062025742,Recommended,211600,28961852,Posted: 2 January,all,Deciduous Livingston,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is the literally ♥♥♥♥♥iest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would rather suck feces out of a paper towel roll conected to some 400lb+ obese diabetic man than touch a single one of these god awful games. I would rather give birth to 9 italian ducks than glance at another frame of this drat. My balls ache at the slightest mention of this series. The graphics of this game make me feel like someone severed another's testicles off then deficated into the hole, after they had filled each testicle to the brim the filled a little bit more with about a 65% liquid:solid ratio, then sewed them shut with hair from inside a shower drain and forced them into my eyes. Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,211600,10167769,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Cthulhu Redux,"9/10The grand-daddy of stealth, Thief Gold boasts robust stealth gameplay, great level design, engrossing atmosphere and a sharp sense of humour. An incredible game."
76561198131352576,Recommended,211600,22869824,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dark Knight,You guys need to make both Thief Gold and Thief 2 available on Mac
76561197985235696,Recommended,211600,14134105,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Heiluri,"Even though this game is old its gold like it name says. Most missions are good and areas are different and sometimes even maze like. You will play as Garrett (master thief) who will get in areas where thiefs arent very appreciated, so stealth and shadows are his best friends along with some special equipments that he owns. Combat is quite clunky and Garrett isnt exactly your swordsman but he got bow which helps alot in challenges that will come. Took 20 hours for me to complete this so it has good hours for single player game from my view. Because of difficulty settings you will get more hours in this game to spent.8/10Great- Garrett- Bow and its different arrows- GadgetsGood- Most missions- Difficulty settings (harder difficulties give more objectives to do or obey)- Stealth system- EnemiesBad- Bit clunky combat- objective text didnt update with information that npc's gave- Mage towers mission"
76561198000646505,Recommended,211600,1988181,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,ØG 📱✅,The original stealth game! I loved this series when it first came out can't wait to have a blast from the past :0)
,Recommended,211600,23245127,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,8.5/10 TJBs
76561198045911891,Recommended,211600,12907957,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,{{{ KNUCKLES }}},great old school game!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,211600,28152042,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Genebris,Top stealth so far.
,Recommended,211600,28578349,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Buttlet32,"I played this game not that long ago, but I don't remember anything about it. So to persuade people to buy it, I'll assume I liked it and give it a big thumbs up."
,Recommended,211600,9277115,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tuong,"Stalk your prey on the quest for stolen goods with your blackjack, sword, and an assortment of unique arrows. Steal for money and uncover the hidden agendas of your allies and enemies as you play through an unravelling story of deception and revenge. Survive in a world where shadows are your only ally, trust is not an option, and confrontation results in death!"
76561198265200444,Not Recommended,211600,27902467,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drunken Whaler,"Charming game, but the cutscenes don't work, and I'm not going to keep playing it until I get them working so I don't miss important parts of the story. It's a shame that I didn't figure out there were cutscenes until I saw someone's playthrough of it. I doubt that many people even figure out they're missing anything. My point is: Steam, I want the story. I'm not getting the story. And it's a damn shame that players need to go on the internet to even figure out they're missing the story. Patch it.There are also some really weird controls that you have to rebind unless you're an octopus. Good luck with that."
,Not Recommended,211600,14456888,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dravvad,"Continuing along with some older games and series that I've wanted to play for years, I now play the original Thief game (without having played any of the others, so I am going in order) after just playing System Shock 2, which I loved. Unfortunately, I did not love Thief, nor did I really like it, though I came in with high hopes as I knew that the same developers made System Shock 2.Firstly, I don't mean that the game is inherently bad in many ways. In fact, the majority of the game's design aspects are actually very well done, except for one, which killed the game for me: the level design. Before I get there though, I will first go through everything else I thought about the game, on the positive side:+ The story of the game was very interesting, even just starting with the first cinematic, which got me excited about the game actually going somewhere.+ Garrett is a very likable character and had his own unique attitude, unlike a good amount of protagonists (e.g., the one in System Shock 2 had no character to himself).+ The graphics of the game were decent and didn't bother me, though some things were badly distorted and the mansion in The Sword was ugly.+ The mechanical design of the game is great. I love all of the different items you can use, including intriguing things like the Moss Arrows. The fact that game properly organizes the stealth depending on the material you are walking upon is good, as some current games don't do such a thing. Simple things like directional combat when swinging the sword is good, which again most games don't do nowadays. And changing the difficulty and indirectly changing the objectives of levels is a great idea to add replayability, extending the levels.But sadly, none of the above things helped me get over the level design, which was abysmal. The first level was a generic mansion with nothing special about it, but I was like ""Okay, just a way to get you into the stealth."" The second level was just as generic, as I didn't find the zombies or caves interesting, and the prison was boring. The third level started making me really dislike the design.At that point, I realized that the levels were mostly generic, giant mazes. Labyrinths, basically! Really, the third level was ""unrealistic"" in terms of size and really killed my mood. You're walking through the same-looking caves and crypts over and over, in circles. Even though I got through eventually, it was just random waddling and being bored. Most of the levels turned out to be this way. The levels are generally split up into different areas, but all of the rooms or places in a given area usually look the exact same in design. The only levels I ended up enjoying even remotely were the Haunted Cathedral and Strange Bedfellows because of atmosphere.I enjoy stealth games greatly, and I didn't get impatient with the levels because you should take things slow. I'm fine creeping around as needed in such a game. I just got terribly bored and annoyed because most places took forever to find out how to actually get around simply because they were artificial expanses that had no character to them. Occasionally finding notes added some of that, but for the most part, it was all just so boring finding your way through. I know some people will ask if I was bored because I wandered around repeatedly knocking people out, but that was not the case. I was fine with the gameplay and I tried ghosting some levels anyway. It is just the design and layouts that I disliked and ruined everything for me.I mean really, they are just expanses of nothingness... the crypts, the thieves guild, the mansion in The Sword, so on. I loved System Shock 2, and I love other stealth games like the Deus Ex, Metal Gear Solid, and Hitman series, and Dishonored as the most recent example, in which I went through the entire first playthrough not hurting anybody or being seen. But this game's world design made it so boring to play, even though I really was interested (and still am) with the story.And you have the exact opposite with the last level in terms of approach. You go from incredibly open places to the most linear level ever... and just as boring. Fighting the enemies didn't interest me anymore at this point, and in fact, I ended up beating the level in less than 8 minutes (not counting waiting for the ritual at the end) because I simply just jumped along the way, evading all enemies. The only reason it even took that long was because of the water stream.But after the final level, the final cutscene was still very interesting... So I'm hopeful that the next games get better in their levels. I guess I will find out."
76561198083755318,Not Recommended,211600,34585940,Posted: 29 August,all,GrimWarmaster,When i seen this game on sale it made me look back retrospectively but i think it is just to dated to keep my interest now.
76561198089187641,Not Recommended,211600,20708655,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,technopaladin,"As much that I like the Thief series, I did not remember how ""blocky"" or low-bit tht the original Thief game was. I thought having it at ""gold"" edition would make it better. I thought wrong. I had a an Intel i5 and even the hardware acceleration made he gameplay go black. I am disappointed in this ""remastered"" version. Wished they had remastered it much better!"
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,211600,24588572,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"I've tried this game vanilla (well, TFix, GoldtoDark mod to get rid of awful levels, and texture mods so it doesn't look too outdated). This game just strikes me as completely bland with some good ideas. I've seen the whole of the story and it's definitely underwhelming. After running a few action packed missions early on, the levels become these huge, empty labrinths that I got bored traversing. I bumped the difficulty up to Expert and it didn't help with more objectives.My suspicion is that people love these games because they played them like 2 decades ago and they were novel and fresh then. I feel they have not aged well; other games have used these mechanics and to much better, and more fun, effect. I would still rather play Splinter Cell over these games."
76561198140435102,Not Recommended,211600,35299889,Posted: 29 September,all,savvym,"I just uninstalled Thief Deadly Shadows and thought this has better ratings, maybe it will not fail me. Even worse. It has horrible controls but why I can not climb the rope in the training level or ladder in the 1st mission... I tried anything.I bought it in pack with other Thief games because of very good reviews, but I know now I can not trust those, I would rather spend my money elsewhere.I also thought it is about stealing and sneaking, nope, zombies. At least you can attack in three directions unless it was one direction in Deadly Shadows.Avoid, though it may seem like some old gem from ages when M&M was a cool game, but this is not one of those."
,Not Recommended,211600,19436862,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,semoreh,"First of all, congrats to the HD Mod and TFix, they are an AMAZING piece of work that enable the game to play in a gorgeous Full Screen with a great resolution and also bring back the cinematics (although I don't understand why they weren't already in the game in the first place...).In addition, keep in mind you will probably have to remap all the controls of the game before playing. At least I had to (playing on AZERTY keyboard). They were utterly broken when I first tried them . Note the game does not support controllers.Be aware that Thief Gold is not a ""turnkey game"" in this regard.Back to the game itself, now.I must say I was impressed by all the stealth features Thief had right back in 1998. It's hard to deny the game had a MAJOR impact on gaming. Also, it's not that ugly, and the story and voice acting are pretty decent.HOWEVER, I couldn't bring myself to love it. Not even like it. I found it really tedious to play, and the biggest flaw in my opinion is the fact that you have no real map of the levels, thus resulting in you getting lost for hours inside maze-like corridors and caves. If only I could orientate myself, I'm sure I would have finished the game, but I found it too much of a chore to stay interested.So yeah. Great legacy, appealing game, but eventually too boring. If a mod is released to correct this, I swear I'll try it again."
76561198331648775,Not Recommended,211600,30005989,Posted: 18 February,all,jubwox999,"I had to tinker around forever just to get it to start, only to be extremely disappointed by how awkward and clunky the controls are. The options for keybind customization do not allow for camera control to be bound exclusively to the mouse, and this as well as the very limited options for other keybinds makes this game almost unplayable. I would definitely not recommend this to anyone intending to play with traditional first person controls."
76561198029018644,Recommended,211600,25915066,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,King Bairz,i played this like once i dont have an opinion on it
76561197964120751,Not Recommended,211600,10750965,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hyperlynx,"Skip it, go straight to Thief 2 instead.The world they've created is fantastic, and the gameplay is justifiably revolutionary, but the levels degenerate into aggravating, confusing mazes as the game progresses. Thief 2's setting, writing and gameplay are just as good, but the levels are better. Thief 2 is simply a better Thief. I'm probably about half way through, but I've honestly lost patience continuing."
76561198086674058,Not Recommended,211600,15598646,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Miggiyy,"Hi,I got this game today, cus I wanted to paly the awesome game that I palyed many years ago.But this is not taht game, it doesnt have the cinematics, mission brefings, they havent even set the resolution to be more than 800 600.But they want you to pay for this,cheers."
,Not Recommended,211600,25000234,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,purestprodigy,"Heads up: CG movies don't work for modern OSes and a lot of the game's story is told through the CG cutscenes. I made it through 3 levels before I realized how little context I was getting for what I was doing. Easy to mod though.Gameplay-wise, it's nothing mind-blowing so far. The one thing I can say is that although some games have done stealth better, it seems you're more rewarded and acknowledged in this game for being stealthy"
76561198020678205,Not Recommended,211600,16373426,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,atbell,This game was almost good.  There are lots of good things about it but it just doesn't hold up by standards of today ... or even 5 years ago.  Worth looking at for reference and curiosity.
,Not Recommended,211600,5187141,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,SOS-団 | Elven Red,"The story and levels were pretty fun, but the gameplay is horrid"
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,211600,31283940,Posted: 21 April,all,Dasbooby,"If you like hearing ""What was that?............ must've been the wind"" or ""What was that?.............. Damn rats"" then this could be a game for you.  Otherwise, it's a dated stealth game with questionable mechanics that don't really shine.I like the general idea of the game, and I think I might've had fun on the first level, but every level after that I found to be mostly obnoxious rather than fun.  I also like that the gold you earn on any level is used to purchase goods for the next level and that you're encouraged to use all your gold and items since you don't keep them from level to level.  I'm not sure that I have a lot of other positive things to say though.So starting with the game's problems, the cutscenes for the game don't work.  Imagine my surprise when I found out there's actually suppose to be a story to the game.  Apparently you need to go download a patch to actually see them.The sneaking mechanics are inconsistent.  Sometimes enemies who shouldn't hear me will hear me sneaking about or doing things, other enemies who should hear me somehow don't.  Enemies also seem very suspicious of footsteps in areas where they know their friends patrol.  Likewise, sometimes enemies will see you from far off but other times they won't.  Sometimes they'll think they see you but keep looking forward instead of simply turning sideways to look in your direction.  Especially fun is when they somehow don't see you from 10-15 feet away out in the open and murdering their friends and they continue standing there going “What was that?................. Something something seeing/hearing things”.  Sometimes you'll be 3 feet in front of them out in the open and they'll still be searching around for you with their hands up to their eyes.  I got so tired of the sneaking mechanics by the 4th level that I simply started killing anyone who saw me since it was much quicker than wasting time hiding and trying to sneak by again or hoping to knock them out.Another problem is that killing enemies can often be annoying since they have a tendency to run off after you've hit them 6 or so times with your sword.  They run faster than you so to catch up you have to put your weapon away, then they pull a 180 and run by you in the 5 seconds it takes to pull your sword back out and actually swing it at them.  So you have to waste time cornering them down or being ready for when they pull the 180.  Also of note is that enemies can hit you with ranged/melee weapons while facing a different direction from you.  Especially fun is when you finally notice that the archer you've been circling and chopping at has been shooting arrows into you while looking and aiming in a direction 80 degrees away from you and now you're almost dead.  Combat overall is fairly clunky, probably to encourage you not engage in it, but when the sneaking mechanics are just as bad, you have to choose one or the other.The level design for several of the levels is large and convoluted, and they're not particularly fun to explore.  Another big problem is the climb mechanic.  Sometimes it'll work and sometimes it won't.  Especially fun is trying to use your rope arrows.  You're far more likely to fall to your death/take heavy damage trying to use them then you're to actually attach to them while holding the climb key.  I learned very quickly to always save before attempting to climb down one.The game also suffers from some annoying glitches.  Had an enemy who was stuck on the wall that was able to see/hear and attack me but was completely invincible to any of my attacks.  Had to run around him and hope he didn't hit me.  Later on I came back and he'd managed to get himself unglued from the wall and acted normally.  Sometimes you'll get stuck on bodies on the ground, or get stuck behind objects you just walked around, or be unable to crawl back through some area that you just crawled in from.I might have put up with all this stuff if not for my largest issue, and that's the Where's Waldo quest objectives you have to complete.  The game often wants you to find quest objects that are placed in obnoxious spots.  If you happen to not find one, it can take a long time to search and re-search every likely area they could be at since the levels are so damn large.  My favorite was the silver fire poker on the 4th level.  Hmmmmm, a silver fire poker, probably near a fireplace right?  Search all fireplaces, hmmmmmm... no poker.  Maybe it's in that room where there are 2 guards hanging out talking for no reason.  Lure the guards out, search the room, hmmmmmm...... not in here.  Maybe it's in one of those other rooms I didn't explore because there're 3+ people in them.  Run through those rooms while being chased, hmmmmm.... not in those rooms, maybe I missed it while exploring, guess I'll recheck all the fireplaces.   Hmmmmmm.... I've rechecked all the fireplaces, I give up, walkthrough time.......... Oh, I was apparently supposed to shoot a water arrow at the fireplace in the main bedroom and then go inside of it, turn around, look up, and see that there's a switch in it that opens a secret door in the fireplace that leads into the walls and the fire poker is hanging out in there for some reason.  How intuitive.  I gave up playing the game on the 5th level after I missed the guy's bracelet and didn't feel like re-exploring every area or even looking it up and running through the obnoxious level again to find it.Just not sure I get the appeal of this game.  It simply has too many issues and outside of the first level, I was never having fun."
,Not Recommended,211600,19322705,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Belmont ™,I thought I could get into this old series....I was wrong.-- -- --Didn't like the controls (too stiff)Didn't like the sound effects (voices horrible)Didn't like the lack of a MAP! (where was I at and going to?!)
76561198034316854,Not Recommended,211600,19804153,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,120 BPM,"Important note : this is NOT a stealth game, it's more of a tomb raider - dungeon crawling horror with fantasy elements.If you can somehow suffer through autistic level design that reminds me of minecraft caves then you might enjoy this game, the sound is great and the horror atmosphere can be enjoyable at times. Otherwise get thief 2 - it's better in every way."
,Not Recommended,211600,25585752,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jam,"Undeniably very important in establishing the stealth genre, which is good, but god-awful (sometimes necessary) combat and labyrinthine level design make this really not fun to play. After spending hours on the (dull) Guild level, mostly lost, I took one look at the map of the next level and decided I was out of here."
76561198054560156,Not Recommended,211600,18493088,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Evil_the_Nub,"I love the idea of stealth games, but unfortunately this game and many others rely on trial and error. It's especially bad here since the combat system is so clunky and broken. Blocking with your sword only works when the game feels like it, and the hit detection is terrible. So combat should be avoided as much as possible. Sneaking up on a guard and knocking them out works most of the time, but other times they'll hear you even though you're moving slowly on carpet. Sometimes you'll get stuck in the middle of a well lit hallway and hear a guard coming that you can't possibly avoid. The only way to get through the game is to fumble around these terrible maps and memorize where these unavoidable hazards are."
,Not Recommended,211600,30093559,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
,Not Recommended,211600,28990371,Posted: 3 January,all,Matthew,"I wouldn't force my worst enemy to play this dumpster fire of a game. I can only hope that it's successors aren't as bad as this. Just don't bother with this one. I haven't finished the game, so I'm not sure if there's any important story info, but it's not worth playing, even if there is."
,Not Recommended,211600,19894488,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,tpkroger,It's amazing what people will think is fun just because of nostalgia...
76561198142653504,Not Recommended,211600,17370117,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ORANGEPANDA,"One of the worst games i have ever played in my life, no kidding. I don't understand what people like about this game so much. 4\10."
,Not Recommended,211600,24219960,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Zacinoff,"Game Score: 2/10I'm sure this game has some nostalgic value for a lot of people but 17 years later this game just doesn't cut it. You play a theif that has to steal♥♥♥♥♥♥and fight♥♥♥♥♥♥and jump over♥♥♥♥♥♥and other♥♥♥♥♥♥ Clearly the control standard back in the day was a bit different and that difference makes playing is game very difficult after being so used to standard FPS/3rd person controls.Pros:- Nostalgia?- Being able to defeat enemies via force or stealthCons:- Garbage controls- old, Old, OLDI'm gonna try the other Thief games but this isn't worth my time to play any more."
,Not Recommended,211600,15573095,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Evil Panda,Game graphics made the game pretty terrible but cant blame it for that since its such an old game but still they should relase an HD version of the game
,Not Recommended,211600,25771859,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Zastavan,"Kinda boring and somewhat janky but Im sure it introduced stuff that wasn't in games or in them much previously. Besides that its kinda boring. The AI isn't really fun to sneak around especially because they are just easier to kill. The combat isn't fun in any way though but then again its supposed to be a stealth game. Its not really hard, its just not very fun or interesting. Sitting in a corner waiting for a guard to leave the area has never been fun to me. The base gameplay is just boring is the issue.Its just so much easier to sneak sometimes and then just kill people who get in the way especially since alot of times you won't realize a guy is right on the other side of a wall until hes already alert. Actually sneaking around kinda sucks and isn't fun particularly because its not easy and super intuitive to control your character aswell as the fact that it can be a bit difficult to know if your going to be spotted or not. Theres certaintly alot of cool mechanics but in reality as a game its just not fun or interesting. Its functional but not fun.I doubt I would have played this game when it was new either, and with no nostalgia to the game I don't care to force myself to play something that just isn't fun. I think the main issue is the mission/map design is terrible aswell as the ingame map being often very unhelpfull.  From what I have seen the level design is nonsensical and confusing with more of the mappers saying ""this looks like a fun areal"" then it actually being a fun area to play in.Its just boring. Not worth playing without rose tinted glasses and nostalgia. I have seen people online saying you should play it on the hardest difficulty but at that point its not going to be scary for a man like me, just boring AND frustrating.Its only fun to play in very short bursts in between other stuff. Otherwise its just boring and repetative."
76561198060429095,Not Recommended,211600,17003123,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sailin' ▲Uranus▼,"Came to sneak around rich peoples houses and steal their ❤❤❤❤First level executes it perfectlySecond levelbust your friend out of prison only for him to die, have to fight monsters with crappy combat system.Third level, go into confusing-❤❤❤ ancient tomb and get attacked by dinosaurs.WTF is this?"
76561198089989828,Not Recommended,211600,13645449,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,floboug,"Stealth is useless, zombies no killable (ofc), cubic ways full of bugs : you will jump one hundred time before succeeding to climb a stair.I tried it, i'm an heroe.Good old game unplayable."
,Not Recommended,211600,13890602,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,op3um,O M GJUST NO.HORRID! Not worth ANY MONEY AT ALL!
76561198046866752,Not Recommended,211600,11304949,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,SuperJay50K,"Controls are awkward, not enough information to know what to do, Garrett likes to jump backwards and hurt himself.Go buy the remake or the sequels."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,211600,12270485,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"The first game of the series, and you're a Thief (of course) doing missions in certain levels.It's very time consuming, and some levels cryptic, I lost my patience for this game.4/10"
76561198032556462,Not Recommended,211600,11547899,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Deathstroke,Piece of rubbish. Don't bother
,Not Recommended,211600,9885212,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Beefcakes,I wouldn't recommend this game. I played the new thief on the PS4 and I have to say it's an outstanding game so I went and brough the first one. To be fair I haven't played it by my time but I've tried giving it ago but i'm not sure what I am doing or where to go on the first level. Also to me it has bad controls like the turning left or right. I know the game is 15 years old but DOOM 1 was an amazing game.
76561198025273543,Not Recommended,211600,8864296,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Chester Bueno,"1998-2004 were the ""MMO addiction"" years for me as a gamer.  I remeber when Thief: The Dark Project (1998), Thief II: The Metal Age (2000), and Thief: Deadly Shadows (2004) were released, but add them to the list of other great titles that I neglected for, instead,  endless hours of Ultima Online and Everquest.  Had I given these titles a shot back then, I'm sure that I would have been amazed.However, I think my three days of playing through (not completely) these titles earlier this month came, unfortunately, about 8-10 years too late.  As someone who has aged with the medium over the last 30 years, I can see how amazing these games would have been in their day.  But, much like if I were attempting a first play through of the original two Fallout games (~1998), or my beloved X-Com: UFO Defense (1994), I can't get past the graphical deficiencies and absence of other elements one takes for granted in modern games.The positives:  Great story.  Great voice acting by Stephen Russell portraying anti-hero Garrett.  Ground-breaking stealth play.  Amazing AI.The negatives:  No third person view.  Dated graphics. Problems running on modern systems.Some games age well.  Civilization III, for example, is as fun to play today as it was at its release in 2001.  Unfortunately, some don't...If you were a fan of the titles back in the day, pick them up for your library when they're on sale.  Otherwise, if you're considering a first-time playthrough, consider waiting until the reboot drops next month (2/28/14)."
,Not Recommended,211600,8562449,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Tomulas,"This is a remastered version of the original game ""Thief"", which apparently had thousands of bugs and was actually impossible to complete. The idea of the game is fantastic and the first level amazing, but then it randomly throws in a corpse who tries to kill you. It wasn't the sort of game I thought I was playing. That wasn't what put me off this game though. On the second level, I got stuck on a stone ledge. I tried for nearly 2 hours to get past it, but could not. I don't know if this is a bug, or I just missed something, but I suggest you go straight to ""Theif 2"", a game which I adore and would recommend."
,Not Recommended,211600,8596486,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Guybrush Threepwood,DAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MECHANICS!too old for me folks.
,Not Recommended,211600,3404699,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Critical Failure,Yet another game that does not work at all! Thanks Steam!
,Not Recommended,211600,8022347,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,FadedTeleTubby,This series is very good however I would recommend the new one. This one is slightly boring.
76561198043775227,Not Recommended,211600,8405668,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BeRzErKeR,"This game is too old to be considered fun in 2013. It's hard to know what to do, and what items do what. The map is terrible and the controls are clunky. I spent 10 minutes just trying to get a head shot on a guy so that he wouldn't scream and alert everyone. Not fun."
,Not Recommended,211600,33984770,Posted: 2 August,all,Gay Guillaume,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, bad graphics, outdated mechanics, bad story.why do people ""LOVE"" this so much, it's shameful and should be taken down"
,Not Recommended,211600,32922825,Posted: 28 June,all,DAMN THATS NUTTY BRO,"Clunky and old stealth game with horrible graphics and gameplay. Only nostalgia losers could find anything enjoyable out of this, but for any stealth fan or normal person, AVOID"
76561197999273279,Recommended,211600,1883177,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Lies&Scorn,"Groundbreaking use of aureal cues, innovative gaming, a truly classic gem."
,Recommended,211600,9873699,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"After giving this game a second chance, I've decided it's as awesome as its successors. A first person stealth rpg (as is Thief 2), this game has a good soundtrack, I like the cutscenes, a good play length and all the charm of the Thief universe. I take back what I said before, it's a good-un. *****"
,Recommended,211600,447843,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Bad_Karma,Its now as old as sin but its still the original (and still one of the best) stealth games ever made!
76561198074415689,Recommended,211600,10412646,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,joliet_jane,"I put LOTS OF HOURS into this game. I played it without Steam turned on, so the hours don't show (DRM free? That's a plus!)A long time ago I played a demo for Thief. Loved it! But I had no money. :-(  So I grew up, and years later I bought a Thief bundle on Steam. It's been great catching up. This game plays well and it's easy to pick up and play even now. It's not nostaliga for me, since I never owned the game in my youth. But now I wish I had."
,Recommended,211600,4509564,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,蝙蝠,Yes.
76561198006619990,Recommended,211600,2384635,"Posted: 24 May, 2012",all,ShinXari,"Il capostipite del genere ""Stealth Game"" che ne ha fissato i canoni. Un titolo di raro fascino che consiglio a tutti."
,Recommended,211600,10111863,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lumic,"An important game for the stealth/ action genre. It can be quite fun to play, even if the default control mapping is quaint and some of the game mechanics are clunky by the standards of today.Worth checking out if you like stealth/ action games or have played the newest Thief and are curious about the origins of the series."
76561197968027035,Recommended,211600,10167803,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Senses Working Overtime,Gold
76561197970222712,Recommended,211600,384706,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,K$,Simply the best stealth game ever made
,Recommended,211600,4308388,"Posted: 8 October, 2012",all,DJ_Lightbringer,"By not buying this classic, you sure missed out on a GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY!"
,Recommended,211600,1596781,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,waffleking101,"The beggining of the true stealth genre. It is definitely dated, I won't deny it, but that doesn't mean that it's bad. The story line starts here, but if you had to play one of the thief series and only one, it wouldn't be this game, it would be the second game Thief2"
,Recommended,211600,9659838,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Joseph Goodell,This game is not as great as i thought it would be. That does not mean this is a bad game at any right. Let me just say that the controls are god awful if you enjoy having your hands all over the keyboard you will love these controls. And the graphics are not aged well at all. But if you pay 2-5 dollars there is fun to be had.6/10
,Recommended,211600,9661743,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Drunk Aquaman,fun if you get it on sale
,Recommended,211600,5719002,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Oremm,Damn but this game was way ahead of its time.  So much so that people are modding features from vanilla Thief into SKYRIM.
,Recommended,211600,9094892,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Cellbind,Can you dig it?
76561198052228971,Recommended,211600,9684051,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Warshock,"Where to startThis game is amazing, this is one of my favourite stealth games and I have only finished the first level. It took my 100 minutes to finish the first level. Not because its long but trying to find the way around and not dying takes a while. I bought the pack so I am looking foward to the next 2 games. 9.5/10Pros: Stealth Gameplay, Bow Action, Guard ai, Maps, Voice Acting.Cons: Sword Gameplay(Them drunk guard though!)"
,Recommended,211600,9681982,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mousepad724,Holy water makes zombies explode..... 1000000000000000000/10
76561198067420668,Recommended,211600,9682533,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,dragonmaj,"Thief ""Gold"" with Dark Project is an awesome game. I have played it in in it's early stages on the PC as well as the newer version here on Steam. It is truly an awesome game. I love it now as much as I did when it first came out."
,Recommended,211600,9385647,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,AStingyMiser,"Being a PC game that's the better half of two decades old, my immediate first impression of Thief was that it was very old and very dated. Graphically speaking, it's nothing an N64 couldn't handle, sound-wise, it feels like someone opened a can of stock ""swoosh"" sound effects, and after playing it only for a few minutes, I found myself very disappointed indeed. It seemed very bare-bones from the tutorial. There's not even a run button, and the controls are laid out pretty awkwardly. Overall it's hard to jump right in, but then I started to break the surface tension and I realized that underneat the surface of the water was... was a metaphor I'm putting way too much effort into.As it happens, a lot of what makes Thief old is what makes it good. I think this is best exemplified in the map system, chiefly because it's actually a freaking map. Most games don't give you maps nowadays, they give you radars and blip points and arrows and ""go-here-if-you-want-to-win""-type things. It makes everything feel very soulless; Thief manages to get around this by giving you the bare minimum. It's pretty neat how this is actually how you would imagine Garrett would put a map together. The game gives you the tools to progression, and you have to interpret them. You never quite know what's going to be around the corner. It's a much better approach than ""oh, please, chauffer me to the nearest mundane objective so I can move into your next playground and do the same thing all over again."" Cough, Hitman Absolution, cough.The amount of effort that has gone into the levels is very nice; it's easy to immerse yourself into the world. You're given a few details and have to fill in the pieces. Sure, it's dated, but at the end of the day it's a hell of a lot better than almost every stealth game released since... since 1971. Yes, I dare say this game is better than Tennis for Two. Couple that with a fantastically snarky protagonist and a nifty steampunk setting and you're left with a stealth game done the way it should be. This game makes Hitman Absolution cry. Get it."
76561198049644903,Recommended,211600,9556226,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,nickkix37,Brining this back made me so happy. Makes me remember of some good old 1st person hack and slash and die beacuse your a theif and you need to stay in the dark good time!
,Recommended,211600,2389186,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,An Actual Bear,"My favourite game of all time. Astonishing atmosphere, storytelling, soundtrack and gameplay. Must buy."
,Recommended,211600,644699,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Colovian Fur Helm,"This is easily one of the greatest single player games I've ever played. Yes the animations and graphics are ancient, but the level design, the atmosphere, and the sound are without equal. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a solid single player experience, regardless of whether or not you like stealth games. It's just that good."
76561198079833616,Recommended,211600,9596916,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,The Wonka,"1st of all: LOL @ people buying a 15+ year old game and complaining about graphics and/or OS-issuesA quick search and you'll find the TG-Tool, which helps a lot. There's also a decent Thief Gold HD Mod out there. But Haters Gonna Hate, so i'll keep focus on the review.So here comes my 'old fart story': I remember, when a friend told me about this ""new game"" and after school he showed me the demo he got from a magazine. I never played a single demo level so many times and i couldn't wait to get the full game. Long story short, it was a great game back then!Fast forward to the new millennium and games with brilliant graphics but (mostly) mediocre gameplay. Nowadays i rarely play games, but when i stumble over a teaser for the new Thief, i checked Steam for the old trilogy and downloaded it without hesitation. What can i say ... i still love it.The game is just awesome and the missions are still brilliant (even my 'steam record' says 0.1 hrs, i played 5 missions on expert level so far) and a lot of fun to play. I'm know, that not every one can play 'slow games' like Thief, so if you're a shooter-loving action-junkie, you probably won't get happy. This game is about waiting in dark corners, sneaking around and being patient.The atmosphere is the best part of the game, so when you play the game while watching TV or browse internet-porn, you won't have much fun either (well, depends what porns you find). But if you have the right setup (dark room & headphones) and the right attitude, you can enjoy one of the best games of all time (and probably the best 'stealth game ever')."
,Recommended,211600,8178071,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cereal,"It is amazing to see how such a well crafted game still holds up to our modern gaming society through the amazingly constructed environment with smart and big level maps.  I personally found the game quite long.  Each level is just as the other (These levels can be massive!!!), walk into a building/area, each unique to one another, just to find that there a multiple ways to complete most of the quests.  For example, steal a key from a guard, open the front doors, overhear a guard talk about a back entrance, or find a hidden passage which you heard from a diary within this environment.  The possibilities are endless!!! I highly recemend this game also because it is such a revolutionary title.  This game is the first game to apply lighting and sound to the stealth franchise.  Great consept even though the story may be lacking and the dialog sound terrible. The combat is perposefully bad since this game highly supports the idea of stealth and making sure npcs do not even realize your are there.  I personally highly recemend this game to anyone who loves playing classic games, who loves taking their time and thinking things through, who just wants to play a revolutionary game, and wouldn't mind to get their butt kicked in the process through this games purposeful difficulty."
76561198047218727,Recommended,211600,5270461,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,osmo_2000,This is very good game.
,Recommended,211600,6234921,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Neo Crusader,Thief Gold is a really interesting game. It was one of the first stealth games and has an engaging storyline. Thief Gold is an enhanced version of Thief: The Dark Project released in  1998. Thief Gold was released a year later and added 3 new levels into the game and bug fixes. This game is really worth your money and loads of fun.
,Recommended,211600,8907194,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,"Wait, Wat?","An extremely difficult game when played on hard or higher... A difficult game is a good one, and this game has never failed to dissapoint. My first memories of my gaming era began with this game, right here. The way the sounds you make and the sorounding lighting instantly make you forget everything you know about gaming, and make you learn a completely new style of what we call video games. Can't wait for Thief on PS4, and can only hope it's half as good as this one... But maybe with some better graphics.  ;)"
,Recommended,211600,405488,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Rhulqdahr,"EDIT: The text below was written before Steam Recommendations became Steam Reviews.Thief is a masterpiece in its genre, that's a fact. It was released in 1998 and can compete with many modern games that have a similar concept. Great story, truly amazing music and cutscenes, steampunk vibe, scary locations and enemies. I remember when I was a kid (like Garrett, the protagonist when he tried to rob the Keeper) I couldn't play the game because I was so afraid of zombies that couldn't be killed without using holy water. Even now I had problems, maybe not with zombies but with spiders. There are so many of them throughout the game and even though the graphics are outdated they are as horrid as in the real world. The Gold version adds a couple of new missions that are of very high quality like the rest of the game. Thief is a FPS game, it's possible to kill/knock unconcious every enemy the player meets, but it requires a lot of patience and cunning. Thief is scary and weird, but the efforts are always rewarded. Steal from the rich and give to yourself!"
,Recommended,211600,2704035,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Bloede Dh'oine,"Awesome stealth game.  Don't ask questions, go buy it now."
,Recommended,211600,8135245,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Link Of The Dead,"Played this for a little bit but i think unfortunately ive missed the boat on this one, i remember seeing its release when it came out and thinking this just wasnt my bag. as ive got older ive got really into stealth games however the game looks massively dated now. i think for fans of the series though theyll enjoy this :)"
76561197963521462,Recommended,211600,8353415,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Slizerzak,"A instant classic from the days of windows 98 and one of the first well implemented stealth games. Every level has its own character with traps, secret passages, guard, ghouls and treasure scattered through out them. One level you maybe breaking into a fat cats mansion to steal a priceless scepter while the next level find yourself deep in a crypt looking for a magical horn. Each level has a good back story that makes the game feel more like a RPG/Stealth at times though you can't customize your character you customize his equipment for every level. Graphics will be scary to the younger generation (though they do make HD texture packs) for the generation that grew up playing balders gate and deus ex you shouldn't mind them."
,Recommended,211600,5986462,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,BreedPineapple,"So much to explore on your first playthrough, yet great replayability when jumping on to higher difficulties or making the next world record speedrun by abusing all those beneficial bugs in-game.Great level design, cool story, hooking and all that, great everything despite being an old game, although not for the motion-sick."
,Recommended,211600,8304480,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,overlordofpizza,"One of the most unique games I've ever played. Thief is a fantastic stealth game, and the only one in it's class."
76561197987851575,Recommended,211600,1148653,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Ces :D,"Amazing game. The original stealth survival horror game. I've never played any other game where waiting in the shadows for 10 seconds actually scared me. From over hearing conversations in the dark to stealing valuables from everyone in sight, this game really does make you feel liek a thief. This game will have you on edge because every second you wait or rush could cost you a missed opportunity or your life :o"
76561198038368132,Recommended,211600,8142025,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,JimWolf,The pioneer of the stealth genre. I'm looking forward to the reboot of the franchise.
76561198002741408,Recommended,211600,8235736,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,wiZZ,Amazing game!
,Recommended,211600,2061536,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Lynk,"What do you mean you haven't played this game, you taffer? This is pretty much the starter of 3D stealth games, with innovative mechanics and superb level design, way better than the puny modern ""stealth"" games that make up the genre nowadays. The setting is mainly grim steampunk on a classical-like era, all which fits the game style perfectly, can't really think of anything else that would fit so well. There's also a big variety of enemies you'll face, nothing feels repetitive and the game is really long and challenging, anything you could ask for an old-but-good game.In order to really enjoy the game you should take the time to install a widescreen fix and a texture pack, as it really feels dated without proper high-res textures, and playing on 4:3 is a pain, get DDFix"
,Recommended,211600,3708735,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Comrade St. Nikolai,"Thief Gold is a first-person stealth game which takes place in a surprisingly interesting world of both fantasy and technology. Walking down a street, you can find machinery running underneath of a magical lamppost. The gameplay has its ups and downs. When Thief Gold is good, it's excellent. When it's bad, however, it's frustrating. There are some really fun levels that'll have you running around a building, knocking out guards and stealing oodles of valuables. Then there are levels that task you with navigating a long series of confusing caverns, possibly filled with enemies (packed to the rafters by the end of the game), fighting the undead and monsters and wondering what went wrong.The plot is decent enough, though it doesn't really pick up until the last quarter of the game. Thief Gold can be cut into three parts: the episodic, mostly unrelated thieving missions, the quest to collect ""The Eye"", and then the endgame. The first few levels I found to be rather uninteresting, but the pace picks up for a good while after, requiring you to track down a couple assassins sent to stop you, or infiltrate a mansion that seems to be built out of pure madness. One fun level in the middle has you seeking out a contact who, it turns out, has been spun up by giant spiders, and then continues along a series of caverns wherein a crazy old opera-loving hobo sings the way to find your sought-after prize in the guard-riddled opera house above.Controls are decent enough, though there are more for movement than one may be used to in a first-person experience. Sound is well-done, but then it would have to be, as you'll be spending a lot of time listening for patroling guards and creatures. Voicework is clearly done by whatever staff they had on hand at the time, but I honestly find it somewhat endearing. Visually, the game isn't all that pretty on its own. I recommend seeking out the TFix unofficial patch, which increases resolution and improves textures, in addition to fixing a number of issues (such as videos not playing - happened to me), and adding some new key bindings if you happen to want them.There are three difficulties. Like GoldenEye or the TimeSplitter series, higher difficulties add new objectives - some of which add to the overall plot of the game - and can change item locations or existences and throw more enemies into the mix. I finished it on Normal, and that was about as much challenge as I needed. But then, I'm not very pro at stealth.In all, I like it. It's a great stealther. But some levels are just confusing or frustrating, especially late into the game. If nothing else, you can still goof around and pick up ghosts or abuse the game's climbing system to get out of the level."
,Recommended,211600,8652826,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,paulmasonranck,"Growing up, this was one of my favorite games. I compare it to games like Splinter Cell in the Medieval times. While the game itself was released in 1998, the graphics would be considered outdated in today's standard but they give the game a alternative look when playing it in 2013. What really impressed me about this game was the amount of variables you can control with your weaponry and gadgets and the fact it was made fifteen years ago. Your main character comes equipped with a Sword, Blackjack, and a Bow with a variety of different arrows which really are the focal point of my play style along with a bunch of other gadgets like flash bombs and stuff like that. For example, if you are going for a violent approach within the levels, you can shoot the enemies in the chest with your standard arrow. If you are going for a silent assassin type of approach, you can douse torches with the water arrows, dim the lighted area, and sneak up behind and knockout the enemy with your blackjack. If you are a real pro though, and why this game is called Thief you can go through the whole level/game without killing anything or very few enemies while you steal all the loot that is placed within the levels to buy more gear with.Another great element of this game is the fact they added undead and alienesque creatures in the later levels and it really shows in the difficulty as you progress through the game. There are some minor flaws such as enemy movement getting 'stuck on walls' and things like that but it really doesn't bother me because of how this game has held itself up against the test of time. It is a great addition to anyone's Steam library."
,Recommended,211600,8762265,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Morgase Trakand,Tons of fun. Definately reccomend!
76561198057003548,Recommended,211600,10219325,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,The Amazing Flying Racist,Spent the whole first mission throwing vases and plates at guards10/10
76561197963584378,Recommended,211600,155237,"Posted: 23 May, 2012",all,tozziFan,"ancient game, yet if you are capable to bear very outdated graphics, to immerse yourself (at night, of course) in this dark age, the game is hugely rewarding for exploration,stealth action and story3D Vision experience is possible and very good"
76561198048514390,Recommended,211600,10581309,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,oBLUE FISHo }<((*>,one of the first stealth games.though the game may feel old and stealth mechanics buggy you will get used to it and it is worth it.
,Recommended,211600,10924669,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,That Guy Rick,THIS GAME IS A ♥♥♥♥ING MASTER PIECE!!! it is challenging and the dark surrounds and the feeling of being a thief is there. Basicly be smart and remember that fighting is never the smart way to get through.
,Recommended,211600,741288,"Posted: 25 May, 2012",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"A thief would steal gold, its true."
,Recommended,211600,270757,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Abbe,"Thief, the game that pretty much started the sneak-genre. With a heavy doze of nostalgia I'm gonna say that it still has its charm and is still very fun even though its nearing 15 years of age.Of course gaming have come a long way and gamedesign have changed a lot since this was released and the leveldesign range from brilliant to painful.Well, its a good game, but honestly if you didnt play this when you were young you probably will have a hard time getting into it. But maybe pick it up in a sale and have a go at it. :)"
,Recommended,211600,3931210,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Porkchop,Drown them drunken guards in the castle wells!
,Recommended,211600,305370,"Posted: 23 May, 2012",all,Bastwood,"One of the best games of all time, and certainly the best stealth game ever. A masterful amalgamation of steampunk aesthetics, tension-filled atmosphere and free-flowing, emergent gameplay. It's funny that even 15 years after its release, no other sneaker has even come close. Except Thief 2. They do not make them like this anymore."
76561198052135773,Recommended,211600,5571706,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Fellini,Where atmosphere is concerned I have not come across anything like it. The age does show however.
,Recommended,211600,297840,"Posted: 25 August, 2012",all,bobert awful (F+),"It is archaic and looks weird as ♥♥♥♥, but even to this day there's nothing out there that is as engrossing, tense, and involving. There is no other feeling like sneaking around the mansion and lifting everything that can be sold and then giggling like a schoolgirl on weed as you run away with your ill-gotten gains. And guess what: The sequel is even better.More info:http://www.escapistmagazine.com/videos/view/zero-punctuation/544-Thief-The-Dark-Project"
76561197974740898,Recommended,211600,7758780,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CobaltNova,"First game in the thief series, the story revolves around the master thief Garrett as he, unwillingly, gets sucked into a conflict between two of the more powerful factions in The City, a sprawling steampunk metropolis. As the title suggests, the primary goal in the game is to rob a variety of places of their conveniently large stacks of money with your name on it. The game was the first to take FPS game mechanics and apply them to a less combat-oriented game. Though there are plenty of opportunities to fight in the game, the highest difficulty levels require the player to manage to jump through an assortment of hoops without killing anyone. The game doesn't look beautiful by today's standards but does run without a problem usually and this edition contains several new levels not found in the original game. The mission videos, incredibly well done considering the technology limitations at the time, may not play without some custom troubleshooting in some cases but can be viewed on YouTube if it is too much trouble to fix. The game is one of my all-time favorites and the following games are equally well done. The bundle containing the three games released so far is relatively cheap and a fourth game (a reboot) is due to come out this year and is currently available for pre-order."
,Recommended,211600,1188261,"Posted: 5 June, 2012",all,DeathMinister |LAB|,"A great stealth based, first person perspective game.  The game is quite dated (made in 1998) and it shows, but the mechanics still work and runs well on my 64 bit machine, which is saying a lot for a game made that long ago.  The team that made this went on to making Deus Ex, and the Hitman games so this is a must play for the steath gaming historian.If you are a child, as I was when I first played this years ago, be warry of the nightmares this game induces."
,Recommended,211600,14532562,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,NotMyWaffle,"100% not worth buying. Why? It doesn't support 32bit resolutions out of the box, nor stuff like the intro and so forth works. I already owned an CD copy of this game and figured I'd buy it on steam incase the cd ever rotted. So glad this only cost me the price of a cup of coffee. Do not buy this if you have no clue how to get it working correctly, it will take a bit of time."
,Recommended,211600,571067,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Michael Scott,"This, along with the other 2 Thief games, is an absolutely wonderful and fantastical gameplay experience. Forget the dated graphics. Live the adventure! Buy this game - whatever price it currently is, it's a steal!And you can play this game safe in the knowledge that however good it is, the sequel is even better!"
,Recommended,211600,11758088,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,The Bear of Bad News,"""I'm goin' to the bear pits tomorrow. Wanna come with?""""*mumble*mumble* When are they gonna bring me my dinner, that's what I wanna know...""*Finds dead coworker on the ground*""Hey... are you alright? No... no, of course you're not alright. Sorry.""""Come back here you...... taffer!""<3 Benny"
,Recommended,211600,1388289,"Posted: 20 July, 2012",all,killer_hamster,World's best larceny and zombie killing simulator.
,Recommended,211600,6395344,"Posted: 14 October, 2012",all,Gizm0u,The birth of a genre. One of my all time favorite games.
76561198075159285,Recommended,211600,6785720,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Spitfire,"Don't let the graphics fool you. Even though this game and Thief 2 are rather old, the gameplay is worth it. This is the ultimate stealth game, so no head on assult. If you're bothered by the graphics then try out Thief 3:Deadly Shadows."
76561198059553884,Recommended,211600,6125823,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,"""Riv en""","Thief: The Dark Project is one of three game released in 1998 that gave birth to the stealth based genre and basically laid the foundation for future games to come. Unlike modern stealth games which give you the option of fighting your way through mobs, you almost always want to stay hidden and strike from the shadows. Mobs usually take quite a few hits to go down and your character Garrett, although an adequate fighter in his own right, is quite squishy and will usually go down really quick. That's not to say that the direct combat method should be avoided, it's actually quite doable, however, the clunky combat system, questionable collision detection and lack of an aiming reticle makes direct combat more trouble than it's worth.The stealth mechanics I thought was innovative although can be quite laughable at times. Thief incorporates a cover system that allows you to conceal yourself in dark, shadowy areas. A ""light gem"" indicator tells you how visible you are to the mobs around you, however, a flaw with the system is that enemy vision AI is dependent on the light gem, so you can literally stand right in front of a mob and as long as your light gem is indicating that you're hidden, they won't notice you and will walk past you as if you were invisable. Sound also plays a part in stealth with AI responding to noises you make such as footsteps or the impact of a thrown item against a wall. Different floor types can affect the way your footsteps sound. Your gadgets are mostly based around stealth are actually quite creative. Water arrows lets you douse torches to darken a room, moss arrows lets you create soft patches on the ground to walk on to dampen your footsteps, etc. Level design is organic and open ended similar to Deus Ex, giving you more than one way to reach your destintion.If you can get over the outdated graphics (and if you're a real gamer, you should) you'll find that Thief still manages to hold it's own even by today's standards. Solid gameplay, well written story and the atmospheric soundtrack all blend well to create an immersive experience. The game is lengthy enough to keep you playing for quite a while. It's challenging but not unfairly difficult and the lack of a mini map, way points or instant checkpoints shouldn't detract you. It's actually a nice throwback to a time when video games didn't hold your hand as much as it does now. Completing it is very rewarding, especially if you're patient enough to play through and immerse yourself in the whole game and sadly, patience is a trait that most gamers nowaday lack."
76561197981413785,Recommended,211600,898830,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,Kormag,MUST HAVE!!!
,Recommended,211600,8431164,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ateng,"A true gem of the past, but still enjoyable even to this day. This game is a masterpiece that inspires exceptional games such as Dishonored.Even with a multitude of handy tools at your disposal, Your mission to break in and steal valuables is by no means easy. It forces you to be creative to survive with minimal hand-holding outside of the tutorial level. This game has clever level design and capable AI to top it off.I can safely recommend this to newcomers and Thief veterans who already owned the original version (like me) alike, because it is a decent release with a much needed compatibility patch to make it run on modern rigs and current Operating System.  Also, it contains some new levels and bug fix not present in the original release of Thief."
76561198041606534,Recommended,211600,4765999,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,Prota-Type,"Rough around the edges, Thief Gold is the 1st of 3 games in the Thief series.Thief is, hence the name, about thievery, and stealth.  If you like to sneak up behind with a plan, instead of blowing through the front doors with a gun, this game is for you."
,Recommended,211600,8079728,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Quad X™,"This is a classic stealth-based, rogue styled game. It's best played with a medium to low gamma  level for clear view of darkened areas to hide in. the game provides many types of arrows to include moss arrows, in my opinon these are the best arrows a thief can have, they baseically spread a carpet of moss in an area, where normally, your foot steps will echo, they can also be used as a last resort to stifle someone from calling out for more guards."
,Recommended,211600,8086495,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,xrgtn,"I hadn't a chance to play the game back in 90's and hasn't played the Steam version for long enough yet, but so far I like it.Main purpose of this review is to cover some FAQ though:1. I didn't find much use for separate run and walk keys -- I remapped keys to the ""wsad"" pattern, with ""w"" for run. When I need to walk slowly, I use ""shift"", works just fine.2. The game itself works OK on Vista (64bit), but without cutscenes. Pressing ""Intro"" button yields nothing too. I found lack of story/narrative to be quite disquieting so I started looking for a solution.3. As always, there were a lot of bull$hit solutions proposed on the Internet, like TTLG/TFix/etc, but IMNSHO you shouldn't tamper with Steam version using 3rd party patches that may contain every sort of malware while no guarantees whatsoever. The Real Solution for Thief Gold on Vista and Windows 7 is to set ""Run this program as administrator"" flag on THIEF.EXE (C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\thief_gold\THIEF.EXE --> Properties --> Compatibility tab), this brings cutscenes back (don't bother with ""Run in WinXP SP2 compatibility"" mode, it doesn't cut the mustard).4. You can use resolution higher than 800x600 if you manually edit both cam.cfg and ddfix.ini (TFix boasts that it enables this to be done via in-game Video menu, but I didn't bother to verify)."
76561198041935128,Recommended,211600,4795412,"Posted: 10 October, 2012",all,cubeninjas,"This is one of those games where stealth isn't just the primary objective, its the only way to truly enjoy it. I enjoy this game and I haven't even played that much of it, its open to any style of play but charging gets ya killed. Being a badass in this game is, sneaking through an entire level and no one even knowing you were there :D. Its beautiful in a atmosphere stand point if anything, and I barely even started. You should play it, its great."
,Recommended,211600,1715730,"Posted: 23 July, 2012",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"A briliant and atmospheric stealth game, and certainly one of the all-time-great PC exclusives.  I can't recommend it enough."
76561198054094015,Recommended,211600,9792078,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,silmwarensurion,"This game is a wonderful classic. It is a must have for any retro or 1st gen gamer. The mechanics of this game is well thought out and unique. Probably one of the most underrated games of all time. It is the Ultima series, of stealth games. The omission of other character types was a risky gutsy move. But, time has raised it to a top spot of the most infuential games of all time.  The series can stand prouldly alongside Ultima, Elder scrolls, Might and Magic."
76561197993402335,Recommended,211600,9313787,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,NewRosswell,"There are fast zombies, there are slow zombies, and then there are need to change your pants, I'm seven years old again from nostalgia, won't die unless your packing holy water and brass balls Thief zombies.  And those are the ones that count."
76561197975293796,Recommended,211600,9671378,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Done,"As most of you may know, the new Thief reboot came out not too long ago. In honor of it's release, I am ignoring it entirely, preferring to watch GhostRobo lets-play it and compare it to this, the Thief Gold Edition. Right off the bat, I nearly broke into tears. Not at how well-rendered the worlds were (not very), or how good the voice acting is (not), but because this game is the epitome of something that most modern games are apparently deathly afraid of; having a completely stealth-based game. Most games have certain stealth aspects that you can choose to integrate into your game experience, or forced stealth sequences that your character uses to get his recently stolen items back. Thief is something different, you're a wisecracking medieval pickpocket who turned to his pickpockety ways in order to live in the city that was apparently forged to have conveniently shadowed areas right next to things like guard posts and enough loose change laying around to fund my bottomless pit of desire for nice TF2 weapons. Without stealth, it's hard to beat the game legitimately, but there's something special about it, it's still better than all the Assassin's Creed games are, and ever could be. Proceed to light your torches and grab your pitchforks, Ubisoft fans."
,Recommended,211600,802437,"Posted: 24 August, 2012",all,Bazinga,"Fun stealth based game that is still really good, even for being quite dated in graphical appearance. I recomend that you get this one, and the other two thief games, when they go on sale. Play on hardest difficultly when you do it get ... worth the challenge."
76561198027174954,Recommended,211600,3769702,"Posted: 23 July, 2012",all,MissConglomeration,"This is the most amazing game of all time, and Steam hates it and everyone who loves it and America and puppies, because they didn't even bother to try to get it working properly on modern machines."
76561198038393347,Recommended,211600,10143867,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jimithi,Unadulterated stealth game.
76561197980787666,Recommended,211600,13529417,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,yubman,The one that started it all for First Person Stealth.  I still break out this game for a play through every couple of years.
,Recommended,211600,13576809,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,sodaT,A classic stealth game that started the genre. It's completely worth the money if you enjoy sneaking around in the shadows as opposed to the running and gunning nature of many games that come out now.
,Recommended,211600,2366146,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,butt,"Sure this game is old, but its gameplay isn't dated— far from it, in fact.  This is pure stealth gameplay, and in contrast to the action-packed stealth games, such as Metal Gear Solid, Thief is much slower-paced, and there is much more emphasis on staying hidden.  Staying out of sight and keeping quiet, or a quick arrow from the shadows— you can play in your own style and steal as much as you can.With Thief 4 right around the corner, I hope some people will come back to the series's roots and give this game a try."
,Recommended,211600,14643717,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,bobtheladybug,"PRIMARY NOTE IF YOU BUY: Since this is an old game and the steam version, it does not play cutscenes. They are there, but for some reason, the steam version doesn't want to play them. Google T.Fix or look for it in the guides for this game and that will solve the problem. It's not too hard to download and use.I didn't like this game at first. I just wandered the streets of the first level and I tried to fight the guards. Then I quit because I was frustrated that I had to start over and I didn't know where to go or that I should save often.Then I gave it a second chance and remembered it's a stealth game. Customizing the controls helps a lot. This is one of my favorite games now. I actually like the sequel a little better, but this game is still good. It's old and you can count the polygons on just about anything you see in this game, but the story and gameplay are good or at least interesting.I was chased by guards in a casino. I stopped to spin the roulette things, ran, and I killed myself with a mine I planted.I tormented a guard by jumping from a ledge to a ladder, making him climb stairs...then I threw a bag of flour (or something) at him and he died.I knocked out a guard and threw him down a well and killed him. Later I knocked out a different guard and threw him down stairs for fun because the bodies slide funny. I think he survived, but I didn't check. It doesn't seem to matter if kill the guards after you knock them out. I still need to try to kill a guard with the body of another guard.I was at a point where I hid from everything. I'm now at a point where I will rotate saves and knock out everyone or fight everything...unless it's undead or the final boss, then ♥♥♥♥ that. Especially the zombies and Haunts and you're out of holywater or fire based weapons.Also this game made me hate monkeys.The only bad thing I can say about this game is the cutscene thing and that the maps are a little confusing at first so you can get lost if you've never played it. If you don't save or die, it'll restart the whole level unless you can load a save. Also steam will not save your save files if the game is uninstalled or if something happens to your save files. I've had to replay this and the sequel at least twice. I didn't really mind though. It's better than the remake...and cheaper.also you can kill people with flour bags. Come on."
76561197988176317,Recommended,211600,14636055,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,beez-one,Instead of hundred words / Вместо тысячи словhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pNOMb1oKDY
,Recommended,211600,14233092,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SuperGiantEgg,a classic and father of stealth games.
76561198167537033,Recommended,211600,14276657,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hercule Poirot,This game is classic and a must buy for everyone who likes stealth games. I remmember playing this game when I was a little kid with my older brother and it was the best gaming experience I have ever had.  10/10
76561197973136339,Recommended,211600,14253321,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,happita,"Pros:Well executed storyGood voice actingCutscenes in between levels are uniqueSimple gameplay mechanicsSteampunk universeCons:ZeroPlay this game already. It is a classic in it's own right. It's the FIRST sneaking game and the BEST one as well. People who say the game doesn't work right or the cutscenes are not showing need to get TFix and it will make any new PC compatible. There's also an HD Mod for this game that makes it look a lot better. This game keeps me coming back to try and make me find ALL the loot in every level. It's F'n hard on some levels, which is what makes it so fun to search around. If you liked this game, definitely check out Dishonored and Deus Ex Human Revolution.TFix link:http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=134733Thief HD Mod link:http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=135188"
76561198137857778,Recommended,211600,14200350,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Paladin Malak,"Great an amazing stealth game but, theres only one problem I cant watch the cutscenes so I miss the story but besides that its a great game."
76561198151470751,Recommended,211600,14269193,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nautred,Revolutionary game. Great stealth mechanics. Ahead of its time.
76561198041278444,Recommended,211600,13534088,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rico,"First-person stealth set in consistent, sprawling maps that allow the player to truly decide their own approach. A rich and believable world through brilliant design untouched by the technical limitations of its time. The lack of guidance adds to the suspense, but can be daunting for players used to the follow-the-arrows type of gameplay mainly seen nowadays. This remains, however, a timeless classic and a great game for fans of sneaky-sneaky, stabby-stabby."
,Recommended,211600,14373246,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Star Lord,STILL AWESOME!!!!
,Recommended,211600,14468225,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,watashi wa joshy wa,A very important game.
76561198081262923,Recommended,211600,12339147,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ECCO4K,"Classic title with amazing level design, stealth gameplay and story."
76561198069754445,Recommended,211600,12363205,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Attila the Bum,I loved this game since it first came out and it never gets old.  Great mix of horror and stleath with good lore to keep the game moving. I have played it through a couple times.
76561198027801594,Recommended,211600,3819415,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,The Son Of Skyrim,"Theif Gold is definately one of my favorite games of all time. Although the technology is somewhat dated the developers ingeniously used the concept of stealth to assist the player in maneuvering past the guards without being spotted. If your new to games like these, it will take plently of practice to master. However, if you master the basics and complete your first level, complete satisfaction is guaranteed. Whatever you steal turns into gold so you can purchase items such as broadhead arrows, fire arrows, and health potions. Cool stuff huh?"
,Recommended,211600,1233018,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Nos,This is a true stealth game where missions are restricted by not killing or not being seen for violating those means mission failed. The A.I is the best thing in this game they can hear the noise you make they investigate sounds or try to find bodies. The best thing about the game is the A.I doesn't magically find you like in 'DISHONORED' where when you make a sound they all know your hiding location! Anyways the problem with the game is that its buggy in windows 7 latest update. It worked fine before but after I updated windows 7 it stoped working. So I am using my old copy of windows xp in virtualbox an open source virtual desktop. So I simply ran the game within the virtualbox & it ran smoothly. Note I cpmpleted the game several times I just owned the CD since its release date but the CD well is broken so got it from here.
,Recommended,211600,12592079,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Merim,"This game i really REALLY love, its ALWAYS about stealth and its in first person view. I never EVER come across a game that involves stealth and sneakiness. Probably my first game that would involve using stealth the whole game. I never got bored of it and it never disappointed me. Buy this game, the story really knows how to keep it rolling. Whats even better? Some horror levels. I even thought it'll be just a ""sneak through guards and steal stuff"" game. But NO, it involves stealing something from undead, magicians, or even god. This game REALLY knows how to pack a punch. Really worth the payment. If you think you are crafty and impressive, try your shot on this on highest difficulty. It may even be the worth of your time."
,Recommended,211600,11928939,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Coconut Cream,Classic although it's showing its age.
76561197975528794,Recommended,211600,11973000,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,WarEnforcer,"Hey you, yes you, that guy who won't even consider the thief games cause thier graphics are outdated. This gaming series practically invented mondern stealth systems and if stealth mechanics of games like dishonored apeal to you then it is in your interest to reconsider these games. Every mission is interesting and the settings captivating, whether you listen to a madman underneath an opera house or explore a large mansion that slowly warps into a realm of chaos. Be warned though, stealth is king here, marble floors and metal walkways are as much an enemy as the monsters who tread them."
,Recommended,211600,8744667,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Gotta love stealth based games, can't say more than that. Get it. It is an old game, but still good nonetheless."
,Recommended,211600,615413,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,"Clavietika, 🐙Explo's Mistress",Don't be a taffer and ignore this classic stealth game.
,Recommended,211600,582537,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,MASSKILLA,Awesome game great game play a classic!!
,Recommended,211600,4101728,"Posted: 24 July, 2012",all,KoA John,Best stealth series of all timeThat is all
76561197998437438,Recommended,211600,1822020,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,MR.B,great game
,Recommended,211600,11213210,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,LordForeskin,Thief and Blood Money are still the best stealth games around. The only problem I have with Thief Gold is that it adds in some brand new terrible missions. The Thieves Guild is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you buy the new Thief instead of Thief Gold you literally support Hitler and Nazism.
,Recommended,211600,11181312,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,I really loved the first level of this game when I was a kid - and it actually lived up to my memorise in a recent playthough (with a little help from mods).
,Recommended,211600,4012582,"Posted: 4 October, 2012",all,Lord Pariah,"You like stealth games?Why dont you have this, exactly?"
,Recommended,211600,11204044,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,A Man Without Honor,"The pioneering title in the stealth genre still holds up to this day. Excellent level design, tense stealth with AI that surprisingly doesn't feel all that outdated and the thrill of theft are all still there, couple it with a great world, mythos and story and you got a great recipe. My only complaint is the over abundance of supernatural elements which can make it feel more like a dungeon crawler at times, but it doesn't hamper the product all that much.Final rating 9.4/10"
76561197983384481,Recommended,211600,10315007,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Makhaos,"best franchise for stealth games! so, you should start with this one ;)"
,Recommended,211600,11590015,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Polyvinyl Chloride,"Perplexing Quandrary: Do you want more things? Great! Everyone does. Some people want a lot more things, and some people get a lot more things. These people are called nobles, and they make life worse for the underdog; you. Take control of Garret, the master thief, and steal from all those rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that make life worse.This game is absolutely fantastic, though. I'd reccomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,211600,11592097,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,ＢＡＪＡ　ＢＬＡＳＴ　ＷＡＶＥ,"Thief...has aged INCREDIBLY well... Honestly, The Dark Project is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211600,1618064,"Posted: 19 July, 2012",all,Hamoth,Why do you need to play this game? Raoul.http://youtu.be/4VtJqckzkJk
,Recommended,211600,8524400,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Hekenaz_,"you are gerret parrot man and you walk around in new york city trying not to get mugged by medieval knight cosplayers with clubs, while also taking ♥♥♥♥♥♥, fire, and necklaces, also you can hit people in the back with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they get knocked out10/10 best♥♥♥♥♥♥♥slapping simulator/ dild club simulator(P.S) Hearts say D.i.l.d.o"
,Recommended,211600,11748692,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Beesqueezy,"Its fun until you hit the level with the water, skeletons, zombies, and tunnels with weird dinosaur poison spitter things?Then you get lost and have no clue what to do, plus it kind've breaks the theme when you go from medievel to like weird alien monsters.... sooooo"
76561198039108757,Recommended,211600,11746850,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Captin,"I'm writing my reviews of Thief 1 and Thief 2 to be quite similar, since I feel I had a similar playthrough experience with both.I had a difficult time trying to follow along with the story in this game, I suppose the ""world"" it's set in doesn't make much sense to me. Not to say that it's bad, the story and dialogue is actually one of the strong points. The weak points were in the controls and I suppose some of the stealth mechanics. Jumping was far more difficult than it should have been, as well as climbing. I'll give stealth mechanics a bit of slack though since even top developers today still can't get it right. It does make for some hilarious bugs at times though!Note: I never played any of the Thief series as a kid. I recall getting one of them with a video card I bought way back when though I had no interest in the game at the time. So I suppose you could say this review isn't biased by nostalgia. I would highly recommend installing the TafferPatcher mod for this game as it completely overhauls the textures and some of the rendering engine."
,Recommended,211600,11670653,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,RaenNgu,"Got an♥♥♥♥♥beating for sucking at stealth.Why is that a good thing? Because I now know that I never really understood stealth games or how to properly play one until I played this.If you can get past the old graphics and sometimes clunky movements (it's actually really nice for a game from 1998), the game has some really nice mechanics that make it pretty unique. For example sound and its relation to your surroundings and movements in the game really play a big part in how stealthy you are. The setting and the story is also quite interesting.And unlike a lot of games that are being released in current and recent times, this game does not hold your hand. It'll teach you the basics of sneaking and moving around, and then leave you to fend and figure things out for yourself. Your character is not O.P'ed. And by that I mean even though you're given a sword in this game, Garrett can't fight for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Which, as bad as that sounds, is great because I think that actually really enhances the gameplay and atmosphere.This game is definitely replayable.Using the thief patch that is available online is definitely recommended when playing as it fixes certain glitches and allows for slightly clearer graphics and options."
76561198081028544,Recommended,211600,12881040,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Daddy Donald,"Buy the GOG version. The steam version has compatibility issues along with outdated resolutions. Great game though. Thief 2 is better however, but the 1st is definitely a classic in its own right with a creepy and moody atmosphere. But it fails in one critical area and that is the thieving. My main issue with it, there isn't enough of it in the first game. Pretty soon the game instead goes from excellent theft themed stealth game, to Garret zombie, raptor, demon hunter. Having a few supernatural beasts do add plenty of spooky horror elements, adding to the atmosphere, but they over do it. The cathedral level can burn in stealth game hell. That mission was annoying, unescecary, and frustrating.My gripes with the game though are with a few exceptions, minor. This game is a masterpiece, along with 2 and deadly shadows. It was a pioner in stealth gameplay and a fun adventure in its own right. It created a memorable character and made pc gamers like myself, cream thier pants. Buy it, Play it, Love it."
,Recommended,211600,3932694,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,XxshaddowxX420,Awseome game to get stoned to and search for treasure and♥♥♥♥♥♥  Mad classic
76561198003887544,Recommended,211600,12848318,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,hamburglar,This classic is the grandfather of all modern stealh FPS. At least to me it is.The atmosphere and story element of Thief has always felt unique to me and the sequels Thief 2: the metal age and Thief 3: Deadly shadows continues in the originals footsteps of unfolding the saga of Garret the thief in a compelling way. The cinematics are of particular interest for those that enjoy dark medieval settings.
76561198011269601,Recommended,211600,10930139,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Whale,"Where to even begin. Do you like atmospheric games with the best stealth mechanics in the history of video games? How about smarmy, rogueish, yet extremely likeable protagonists, whose smooth voice etches memories into your mind? How about a stealth game that actually encourages you to behave like you're trying to sneak around, instead of purposely attempting to manipulate bad AI?(Sorry, Dishonored.) The legacy that this series left behind should be enough of a recommendation, but allow me to add my voice to the deafening cries of the masses:This is the best stealth game I've ever played."
,Recommended,211600,27081077,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SnovaxZ,bEST eVER
76561197970443518,Recommended,211600,27021897,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rapscallion,"Thief is one of my favorite games of all time, where story and gameplay were both a focus by the design team, and were meant to compliment one another for enhanced immersion into their gameworld. Through this, I developed a strong sense of the culture they created for their gameworld despite the elusive history of The City. An original Steampunk title, I believe the first edition of the game was released (1998) before the term originated, and most certainly before it was popularized.Though the graphics are quite dated, the mechanics remain exciting for the creeping catburglar. Play, and relive the stunning glory of it!Warning: you should download a program called Tfix to run the cutscenes and mission briefings."
76561197970672373,Recommended,211600,27012011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Superfly,"This game set the standard for the First Person Sneaker genre.  It is atmospheric, and the use of sound is perfectly utilized.  The levels are amazingly fun and innovative.  I recommend this game as a staple for any true stealth oriented gamer.  Thief, the perfect game for those who truely want to play the part of a Thief.  Garrett is an amazing character, and the story is just fantastic.  In other words... buy it... play it... enjoy it!"
76561198049068475,Recommended,211600,27047346,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,slush,the best thief game
,Recommended,211600,27318214,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ellys,Awesome game.
,Recommended,211600,26932273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eldskur,A classic.
76561197971453796,Recommended,211600,26802722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drizzt Do'Urden,"Still the best stealth game there is. Also a great story, cool protagonist, unique world, kick♥♥♥♥♥voice acting and timeless gameplay."
76561197970502245,Recommended,211600,26986369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spykhed,How a true stealth game is to be created.
76561198041429640,Recommended,211600,26986680,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ornlu Wolfjarl,"The Grandfather of Stealth gamesThis is the best game I've ever played in my life. I spent a lot of my childhood being Garret the Master Thief. The immersion, the complex level design, the way it makes you think and makes you take a look at your environment, no game has ever come close to this for me. You will be scared, you will be thrilled, you will feel the anxiety of a heist, you will feel compelled to prove that you are indeed a master Thief."
76561198022376038,Recommended,211600,26853256,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dan7,"I always catch myself installing this every few years. It's a timeless classic from the age where video game didn't point out where the players should go and what he should do. It's one of the masterpieces of gaming desing, where the game component is predominant, but the design isn't left behind."
76561198066855628,Recommended,211600,26845854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Janr,"Thief is still the best stealth game there is. Incredible level, lighting and sound design. Must play masterpiece for stealth fans."
,Recommended,211600,26926519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Palatus,Still the best stealth game around. I remember playing this as a kid and it's still just as good.
76561198011903205,Recommended,211600,26798163,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Monster,"Thief is simply best stealth Series ever created and my №1 game Series of all timesps. Please ignore time played, i completed all three Thief more times than i care to count (after fifty or so times) and own them on steam, gog and cd"
76561198122437200,Recommended,211600,26771016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jacob200x,great long stealth game with massive levels
,Recommended,211600,26927075,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ben Swagpiro,"It's a damn shame this game doesn't work properly on modern hardware, with cutscenes etc being glitchy or not working at all. It's also a shame that even with the unnofficial patches, this game is able to blackscreen my machine and force me to manually restart.....Nevertheless, there is a reason I put myself through hell to get this game to run, and this is why:Thief Gold is a classic, it's a game that doesn't patronise the player. You play a thief (duh) named Garrett. Garrett is a regular mortal, with the gear to do the job. He makes more noise walking on marble, than on carpet. He doesn't have superhuman climbing abilities. He's got a bow, a sword (but no superhuman strength), water arrows to put out torches, lockpicks, and an affinity for not getting involved in direct combat. He doesn't have an automap, his map directly reflects the method used to acquire it. Treasure isn't located anywhere it shouldn't be located either....... Basically, this game puts YOU in control. Be smart, be patient, the sound design is amazing and the story is told through the gameplay.I say all of this, because I believe that Thief was an innovative game that has been overlooked for years. The remake didn't do it justice in any way, as it suffered from the same cancer that has infested many other games of the AAA variety. This game tells you the story through gameplay and if you can fight to get it running, you won't be disappointed.This reviewer said it best, I urge you to watch this review and judge for yourself (Some spoilers):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPqwDGXxLhU"
76561197984500025,Recommended,211600,27532331,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,astranova2000,One of the best originlas. Played through amny a time :)
,Recommended,211600,27918442,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spire,"Eighteen years after its original release, “Thief: The Dark Project” is still my favorite game."
76561198052265751,Recommended,211600,28074290,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nebular64,Great game for anyone who loves to use stealth! Still fun to play!
,Recommended,211600,27971266,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wikirikitiki,"Tired of saving the world, battling enemy armies, exploring galaxies? Do you want to experience something different? Do you want to do something you shouldn't be doing? Go somewhere you shouldn't be? Do you want to play a game that had a huge influence on video games design and stood the test of time?This absolute gem of a stealth game from Looking Glass Studios (who are responsible for games like System Shock and Ultima Underworld) wasn't meant to have stealth mechanics until few months away from the game's release!It’s one of the first FPS in which you are expected to be quick, sneaky and avoid enemies at all cost and not go guns blazing. This is a brilliant piece of game design.Amazing sound engine that is more advanced than most of the engines in games today. It runs great on modern hardware thanks to unofficial patch TFix. You simply have to play the game on headphones and turn on OpenAL and EAX. It puts modern games to shame.The game world has it’s logic and exprects you to follow it. You can’t move through a corridor because you make too much noise walking on the marble floors? Use moss to muffle your steps. You can’t sneak because the room is well lit and the guards will spot you? Use water arrow to put out torches. The path is set out. How you choose to reach the destination is really up to you.Garret, the game’s protagonist, doesn’t want to save the world. All he wants is to be left alone and get on with his life. He want to use his skills to steal loot. And there’s plenty of it hidden throughout the levels. Without spoiling the plot … Garret and his master thief skills get him into something much bigger than he ever anticipated.Amazing atmosphere, various items to help you during heists and well designed missions (mansions, cathedral, mines, prison) that can be explored in several different ways. You completed the game? The internet will provide you with multiple fan-made missions that will keep you busy until you pick up … Thief II.It's simply a masterful game that let's you become a master thief. I can’t imagine what stealth game genre would look like if it weren’t for Looking Glass Studios and their Thief: The Dark Project. I played this game when it was released and having hundreds hours under my belt I can safely say this game is still as immersive now as it was in 1998.Solid 9/10"
76561198122378454,Recommended,211600,27976553,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lord Edward Dunmay,"I bought this game when it came out in '98. And also bought the Gold edition.I have been playing it ever since. I love this game.Granted the game takes a little getting used to, especially since the graphics looks very old (it already looked dated when it came out). But if you can see past that, you are in for a treat.The game has a nice story, the atmosphere is fantatstic, and the missions are great.Oh boy, the missions: they are a varied mix in locations and enemies. You could just slaughter your way through... sure.But the real fun comes from sneaking through them all - unseen, unheard, not a thing amiss (except all the loot, of course). You will need some patience for that, but it does pay off.This game is on my all-time best games Top 5 List"
,Recommended,211600,2278198,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Marbass,Классика. Страшно. Умно. Хороший сюжет. И конечно же Гарретт!!!!
76561197997517952,Recommended,211600,13719001,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Super Madbro 64,"I've just recently played the game, meaning this review is nostalgia-free.  Half way through the game, I can definitely say it's the best stealth game of all time and one of the best games ever.If I could narrow it down to one reason, it would be the atmosphere.  The atmosphere created by the sound, setting, and visuals, all coupled with the tension from knowing at any minute someone might spot and kill you, is unmatched even today for a game like this.  There's a real challenge in Thief, especially if you want to play non-lethal.  There's multiple routes through each level, and there's no hand-holding, giving the player great freedom of choice, but also making it easy to get lost or stuck.  That's really the only negative I can think of."
76561198043222978,Recommended,211600,13728196,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sgttruebuck,amazing classic game very hard 10/10
,Recommended,211600,13352601,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,mischi,"Thief is a classic. In a time, when the majority of games were simple ""kill everything that is in front of your gun"" and ""you'll survive almost any amount of gunfire aimed at you"" it made you weak. Alerting more than a single guard to your presence almost certainly meant your certain death. Using stealth and guile however, you can dispose of any number of guards. This game invented the genre of stealth based games that would follow a few years later (I'm looking at you, Splinter Cell). For me, Garrett is the coolest anti-hero ever. Play this game not for the by now outdated graphics, but for the influence it has had on stealth based games ever since it's release."
76561198041163787,Recommended,211600,4725513,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,76561198041163787,A quirky stealth masterpiece.  The peak of level design in the Thief series.
,Recommended,211600,14098145,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,bite (classic),While you were reading this review i was stealing your purse
,Recommended,211600,14010616,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bacardi,"Completed it once again, but with HD mods this time.Still great and amazing.Still worth more than any overpriced AAA game that was recently released."
76561197989277825,Recommended,211600,13935692,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CRtwenty,"Amazing game, even though it's over 15 years old at this point it still manages to give an intense experience with great ambience, intiuitive and logical controls, and incredible characterization. Though dated, in my opinion this game has stood the test of time and I recommend it to any fan of stealth games. After all it's one of the games responsible for creating the stealth genre in the first place."
,Recommended,211600,13645151,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Axe Lord Armor,"Welp, More Hours to Play on this Beautiful Gem..Difficulty and Tension at its Finest, Although it Baffles me to Configure a Suitable Control Scheme (Modded it anyways..)I Would Recommend to all Who Wants Sneak and Steal Beautiful Loot :D(BTW: Second Level? Gives me the chills...)"
76561198091866791,Recommended,211600,13971563,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,lugidalmerkia,"This is a very old game now, but definitely worth one, or more playtrough. Don't care with the old graphic, and outdated features! Just immerse yourself in the fantasy environment, and follow the storyline, explore the levels, consider it as a middle age adventure, you not going to regret it!"
76561197983957926,Recommended,211600,14525272,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Apevia,GOAT stealth game
76561197975523442,Recommended,211600,14411739,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Pandy - The Feel Better Panda,"I remember purchasing this game from my local Electronics Boutique in early 2000. Back in the days of yore, PC games came in oversized boxes that served virtually no other purpose than to grab your attention. In this game's case, it was a triangular box with a flip up face that revealed numerous screen shots of the game. Anyway, enough with the nostalgia. You can't go wrong with this game. The story is excellent. The controls are top notch, and the music, sound effects, and voice acting are excellent. Graphics are good given the time period from which the game is from. The art direction is superb being a cross between classic medieval and steam punk.  Level objectives can be achieved by taking different routes, and you can increase the difficulty at the beginning of each level to add additional objectives thus increasing replayability. Overall it's a must buy if you are into stealth games, and even if you aren't give it a try. I promise you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,211600,14495512,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SuffocatedGuy,"This is how a stealth game should be. Game just throws the player inside of the level and expects you to discover the map and your surroundings, instead of having quest-markers everywhere. 10/10 GOAT"
,Recommended,211600,7497223,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,solar/core,"Great atmosphere, even after 10 years of Thief, this sound design just cannot get old :D"
,Recommended,211600,2079853,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Tomthechosen1: Smegma Enigma,Thief is one of the older games in my collection but as are most of my games it's pretty good. It's old so the graphics aren't up to par but seriously who cares about graphics if the game is great? Although some of the stealth can be somewhat cheap it's pretty good. If you feel like something oldschool go play some Thief.\8.7/10
,Recommended,211600,7903034,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,CAKEbetty,This is single handedly one of my favorite games for its time. It jumps around a lot as far as storyline goes but overall the skill and stragey you need to have put in makes it a very good game.Recommended for sure!
,Recommended,211600,7310890,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,cogajon,"Very well done. It's the first game to combine stealth and first-person view. Keep in mind it was released in 1998 so the graphics aren't going to be ""good"". But nice atmosphere, nice gameplay, and I'm tired so this is my first recommendation that isn't a million miles long. Yippidydooda!"
,Recommended,211600,27521100,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SpideyCU,"""Classic"" is an understatement. This game helped launch the stealth genre. It was one of the first games where, when playing it, I was thinking ""how would *I* approach this situation"" vs ""what does the game want me to do"". Absolutely ingenious and as long as you're not antsy about the visuals being nearly 20 years old, it's worth your time."
,Recommended,211600,27518988,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Literally2Fat,"Honestly, one of the greatest games I've ever played. Went in thinking it would just be an old antiquated game, but left having experienced the GREATEST stealth game ever made. Highly recommend playing this game with high quality headphones! I wish there was a mandatory button; if you love video games, you MUST play this game."
,Recommended,211600,1827825,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Frog Dude,The best and most original stealth experience in gaming history.
,Recommended,211600,29732322,Posted: 5 February,all,Bobbleplx,This was the♥♥♥♥♥♥until Thief 2 came out but I still have nightmares about the Maw of Chaos ♥♥♥♥ that level
,Recommended,211600,30071851,Posted: 20 February,all,jaimie2i,"I couldn't really afford Dishonored 2, so I decided to break out this game instead as a sort of substitute, since it was just sitting in my steam library.   After playing it, I have to say that I can't believe it took me so long.  This game is a masterpiece. The level design is beautiful, the story is good, and the gameplay is solid.  The game holds up very well despite its age, and I'm convinced that I've had and will continue to have just as much fun playing it as I would have had playing Dishonored 2."
76561198068245139,Recommended,211600,30048918,Posted: 19 February,all,Love of Dragons 9,"I love this game. I have never played a game quite like it. The way that you use the darkness to hide from and sneak past enemies, the simple yet sound way of picking pockets, the different weapons/items, even the way sound factors in, even though it seems like Garret (the guy you play as) wears tap dancing shoes on all of his missions. Great game, and the plot is nice too. My only complaint is that since this game is older some things don't work quite right. The cutscenes do not play, instead you skip from the summary screen of the mission you completed to the objectives screen of the next mission. Also the mages towers level has a glitch were the elevators for the mission do not always spawn, and you cannot complete the mission without them. You can skip the level but then you do not get any resources for equipment for the next mission. Overall this game is a classic."
,Recommended,211600,30014545,Posted: 18 February,all,CaporalDxl,"This is a really fun game! It has some pretty tough to master controls and stealth tactics. It gets a while to get hang of the controls, but the game is overall great!This is not an easy game whatsoever, as you will see (it's a 90's game after all). Although I'm a little late to the party, I still think this is an amazing stealthiness game. Also a little creepy from time to time, but that's to be expected from an atmospheric dark fantasy game, right?"
76561198084481715,Recommended,211600,29994790,Posted: 17 February,all,UnU,Perfect
,Recommended,211600,4883810,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Skav,"This is a stealth adventure game that gives you the freedom to complete each mission the way you choose. The creativity you have with completing objectives is awesome, and you have to strategically plan how you will complete a level. That, combined with the dark steam-punk narrative, makes this by far one of the most fun and rewarding stealth experiences to date."
,Recommended,211600,29926421,Posted: 14 February,all,Skip Bonty,"A truly astounding game then and now. Creepy sound design, isolating atmosphere, bone chilling story and game play to die for. You have got to play this game whether you're into stealth or not, for it's truly a master piece of game design. A severly ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating masterpiece at times, but beyond compare none the less."
,Recommended,211600,8801524,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,✪ ShadoW,Classic stealth game. Reinvented the whole entire stealth genre.
,Recommended,211600,30151388,Posted: 24 February,all,Silo,"The first two Thief games are classics and have stood the test of time.If you are a fan of stealth games, then this and the sequal are a must.No console controlls, no handholding, good story, maps, voiceacting etc.What you need to do before playing:Since the game is old, if you try to play this with a newer PC the game engine will run too fast, so you need to patch it.Google ""TFix 1.23"", install it and mods if you feel like it. I highly recomend the Dark mod. Some of the missions are done amazingly well and are better than most newer stealth games."
76561198275830688,Recommended,211600,30220846,Posted: 27 February,all,steffan_anderson,"If you don't mind playing a game that is super old, this one is a great one to pick up for a few bucks on sale. I never played it when I was younger, so this isn't a sentimental thing for me, the game just stands on it's own in my eyes."
,Recommended,211600,30206205,Posted: 26 February,all,cigar lover,"I really enjoyed this game. I recently played it for the first time and the gameplay is still great, although you should spend some time fixing the controls before you jump in. Lots of funny/interesting ambient dialogue and books to read around all the levels. The gold levels are definitely not as fun as the original set but there was only one that really frustrated me."
76561198105034993,Recommended,211600,29472651,Posted: 24 January,all,HERESY,"It's a bit hard to get into, but I can promise you that after about 20-30 minutes, you'll love this game.You may encounter a bug where cutscenes don't play, which is a major part of the game gone, but all you have to do is google a bug fix and you won't encounter any more issues.I definitely recommend this game."
76561198020657257,Recommended,211600,29153845,Posted: 9 January,all,Shuck,"Games like Dishonored and Deus Ex wouldn't exist as they are without Thief.If you're looking for a challenging, rewarding, atmospheric stealth game that still stands as one of-if not the best-stealth experience ever crafted, look no further.What are you waiting for, you taffer?"
,Recommended,211600,30286500,Posted: 2 March,all,imappleofdiscord,is gud game
,Recommended,211600,31355248,Posted: 25 April,all,WrytXander,"Thief 1 is pure interactive poetry. Though the game's insecurity towards being a pure stealth game in 1998 led to some choices that feel right out of place and might leave a bad taste in the player's mouth (zombies), it doesn't keep it from being a superb mesh of flawless emergent gameplay, beautiful writing and brilliant atmosphere."
,Recommended,211600,31678516,Posted: 10 May,all,I'm,It is a good ol' game.
,Recommended,211600,31733790,Posted: 13 May,all,DoomTainted,Awesome game. Highly recommend to buy
,Not Recommended,211600,28959628,Posted: 2 January,all,Nintony,Imagine how much more fun this game was if Garret didn't control like a cripple during combat
76561197966741099,Recommended,211600,25838639,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lobo DBB,"Thief is a series that I played very little when I was young, mostly for the fact that I was a child and I only played the shareware version of the game. I remember enjoying it but then again when I was a child I enjoyed playing pretty much any game as long as I liked the art. Going into this game I was afraid that it would be crap compared to what I experienced. I soon realized after the first two levels that the game had way more to discover than I remembered. Now, keep in mind that I like complex and confusing things and Thief can be like this for most of the experience and the game does have a slow pace, at the beginning...Gameplay:The first thing I noticed is I had to reconfigure all the controls, I wasn't bothered by this like many other since it kind of felt like I was preparing for the game and the sounds based on a steampunk reality in the main menu was something I rather enjoyed. It wasn't difficult, it's the same as every other classic out there. Upon starting my game I started on normal to get a feel for the game and the first level was difficult. Not because it was actually difficult but for the fact that I had absolutely no idea as to what made too much noise, what would alert the guards. It freaked me out the first time a guard heard me since I accidentally stepped on a metal square on the ground and I froze. Once I got the hang of the game I started playing on expert and that's when I really understood how awesome the game is. The difficulty increases amount of objectives, guard locations, and damage to your health. There isn't any unfairness like in other stealth games where enemies spot you through walls and just know your there. I can say that the AI in this game is much superior to various games today which is kind of sad since the game is (almost) 20 years old at the time of this review.Sound:I love the sounds in this game, it's extremely retro while pulling off the whole surround sound effect. You know when you step on grass and you know when you step on metal. I remember of times when I was walking home in the city and I would accidentally step on a maintenance entrance on the floor and the sound would surprise me from how loud it was. I get the same result in thief. When a guard hears you, they hear you, they will taunt you and search for you. The environmental sounds are excellent but sadly I cannot say the same for the voice acting. The voice acting is okay for its time but what really bothers me is how loud and clanky some of the conversations can be. Other than that the conversations are very emersive with a bit of humor at times and I like that. Nothing better than two drunk guards on duty trying to have a conversation while a thief passes right on by.Overall:The gameplay is rather superb for a game this old (Although I did have to download some unofficial patches). I honestly love how much freedom they give you in each level but I do have to say that some of the final levels will either be really wierd or really hard. near the end of the game I felt I was rushing just to finish the game since the final levels can be seriously frustrating even when they do start to pick up the pace. This is also partly due to the fact that I wanted to get to the sequel knowing full well that Thief II will be focused more on heists which as in the case of Thief Gold, is more focused on the super natual. I recommend the game only if you have patience and you're prepared to get irritated because you forgot to save.8 rope arrows out of 10."
76561198127230878,Recommended,211600,27611172,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Meldron,Very good game
76561198165989217,Recommended,211600,35099149,Posted: 21 September,all,westleychurch866,I'm only about 3 levels in and it's already been one of the best stealth experiences i've had in gamingwould highly reccomend for people who like stealthy games
,Recommended,211600,35176321,Posted: 24 September,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
76561198076311823,Recommended,211600,35237548,Posted: 27 September,all,Grantholomeu,True classic. Old graphics but if you can get past that it's an amazing game.
76561198094248314,Recommended,211600,35264866,Posted: 28 September,all,Naze,"Strongly recommended. Amazing game, totally worth the shot.Even some new players that bear no nostalgia towards this game have written positive reviews recommending it, so I guess I'm not so biased by having played it back then.Pros:Story, gameplay, artsy cutscenes, level design and amazing sound design. A long list of singleplayer missions, bringing around 24+ hours of gameplay (if you're doing it for the first time). Outmatches most of the singleplayer experience I could get from modern games. I'm not exactly proud to say this, I wish modern games could deliver such intense gaming experience more often...Cons:Graphics are dated. But seriously, this can only be felt during the first hours of gameplay. All the rest of the game is so well done that I found myself quickly immersed by the meticulously crafted atmosphere which lead me to forgetting the old graphics."
76561197962918110,Recommended,211600,35259177,Posted: 28 September,all,räv,"One of, if not THE best first-person stealth game of all time, even to this day being a huge influence in new video games.Only possibly rivaled by Thief 2: The Metal Age which is debatably even better. <311/10"
,Recommended,211600,35205606,Posted: 25 September,all,Professional Mr. Phann,"Atmosphereic, immersive, has solid mechanics, and generally a triumph to this very day, even after nearly 20 years."
,Recommended,211600,35435295,Posted: 2 October,all,Mr Eagle,This game works best when you are being a thief and not fighting zombies in a tomb. Other than that the gameplay is fine.
,Not Recommended,211600,35459788,Posted: 3 October,all,Dual Wielding Rocket Launcher,"Just can't get into it. Looks great, I'm heavily interested in the story, but there's something putting me off."
,Recommended,211600,35487851,Posted: 4 October,all,Führer,this game is really good... But the video cutscenes wont show :/
