user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,211740,7988014,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Flam,"If you're wondering why modern ""stealth"" games seem lacking in sneaking features, it's because Garrett stole all of them."
76561198077441837,Recommended,211740,8736859,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,StationaryStone,"""What was that?! Must have been a rat. Say where did all the other guards go? Why are all the expensive things missing from this room? WHY IS THIS CLOSET FULL OF UNCONCIOUS BODIES?!?""stealth"
76561197976257932,Recommended,211740,12547998,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Lumpy Oatmeal,"I can't think of any game that has done sneaking better.  HUGE levels, superb use of audio and light.   It is so much fun I quickly forgot about the 10-year-old graphics (and I believe there are mods for correcting that now).This game isn't linear or easy.   Loot quotas force you to explore your surroundings and it rewards the observant with many a secret stash or alternatve point of entry.There is some slog in the middle as the thief universe has always had a mystical bent that I could do without and the last level can get very frustrating but that didn't stop me playing it through twice in a row.What really sells me in the end is I *feel* like a proper thief when I play this.  I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,211740,14312279,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,The Medicine Peddler,"My eyes are unclouded by nostalgia. I was born too late to have experienced the theif series in it's prime. But even to me, a series newcomer, this game has more than stood the test of time.Pros:+ Garret is a great protagonist.+ Amazing stealth gameplay+ With an HD texture pack installed, the game is still atmospheric 15 years after it's release.+ Great steampunk setting+ Father Karras is a great antagonist+ Humanized enemy guards with their own worries, lives and dreams, a rarity today. Makes you feel awful about killing them more than any forced karma system ever could.+ Encourages acutally going through a level without anyone noticing you, rather than the modern approach of (pick off guards one by one do it do it do it)+ Huge expansive levels with tons of little details and secrets.+ Combat is incredibly difficult when directly confronting guards. and thats a good thing.+ the material the floor is made of, and how loud your footsteps would be on it, is a huge gameplay mechanic.+ Voice acting is pretty great considering how old the game is.Cons:- while dated voice acting is to be expected, some of the voices are pretty awful even by early 2000s standards. Mostly the female ones.- Inventory wheels can be intensely frustrating when you have to switch items quickly."
,Recommended,211740,14345297,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nemo,It's a steal
76561198013138577,Recommended,211740,18224536,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,the.borg,"wow !this is probably the best stealth game ever created, the atmospheare in this game is amazing.if you want to expirence a well made game you should get this and the first thief game (thief gold) as well.each level in this game is very well designed with huge space and many secret stuff,documents to read and alot of loot :)comparing to the first game this game improves in the way that you don't have to deal with ghosts and monsters anymore instead you will deal with gaurds and automatic machines :)also you get to use new equpiment such as gas mine,flash mine,invisibility and slowfall potion,you also get a camera like eye ball that you can throw and see behind corners,flares to see at night etc...i wish game makers would learn from this game and invest more time to create a better gameplay and game machanics instead of fancy graphics.anyway just click buy and enjoy  one of the best games ever :)"
,Recommended,211740,11043328,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,jsizzle™,"So, I finished Thief: The Metal Age and I must say everything that lacked in Thief Gold was built upon in the sequel. I spent many, many hours looking for hidden loot and secrets while trying to kill nobody. This game highly rewards the non-confrontational type of players and stealthy manuevers gives an immense amount of satisfaction for doing so. There are many new toys for Garrett to play with in these huge mission areas and also some of the encounters are hilarious. The story was amazing; I will not dive in but it has great morals and a few familiar faces will be present. Once again the sound is spot on whether Garret is going down a steep hill or a long climb everything syncs pretty greatly, not to mention the ambient music is very fitting and adds to the overall atmosphere.On a side note the visuals in this game can be somewhat bland but in my opinion that is no reason to bring the score down since there are so many amazing modders that keep this game running on par with some games today!!!Personal score: 9.8play Thief Gold before Thief Metal Age"
76561198091494295,Recommended,211740,31929048,Posted: 23 May,all,Noskel,"The only stealth game you ever need. Large levels, tons of loot, phenomenal mechanics (at the time and even today), and interesting main character.In Summary:Thief: Great. Too many levels playing tomb raider, howeverThief 2: One of the best. Easily in my top 5 games.Thief 3: Still good, but not as good as the first two.New Thief: New? What's that? (Pretend it never existed)"
,Recommended,211740,32226704,Posted: 6 June,all,ChillyWilly,"A fantastic stealth game which fans of the genre will still love to this day. If you do not enjoy stealth games, this won't change your mind. Thief 2 is all about staying in the shadows and navigation. Combat is present, but ill advised as you are so pathetically weak that a single guard is likely to end you. What you must do is use a plethora of tools with multiple uses to your advantage in getting through a situation.Due to its pure focus on stealth, the enemy AI holds up. They'll patrol, they'll linger, they'll get into banter with each other, they may even be hostile with one another depending on your level. Speaking of the levels, they are simply enormous, packed full of secrets, loot, and supplies you may put to use. Monsters from the first game which you had to fight have been all but removed, which takes away plenty of the tedium they presented, along with their cave based, fairly confusing level structure. Every level is distinctly designed and presents their own challenge through getting in, navigating, and getting out.If you're a fan of stealth based gameplay, Thief 2 is all you've ever wanted."
,Recommended,211740,13472330,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,RogerThat,They don't make stealth games like this any more
76561198000919270,Recommended,211740,2011240,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Din0gam3r,"My My, this is one of the best games ever created and by far the best sequel to a game yet (That is if you don't count any games from the Persona and Mother series) Nearly every problem in the previous game was fixed and every strength amplified. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monster missions ruining your fun? No problem! Here's a bank for you to rob! No, seriously, you rob a ♥♥♥♥ing bank and that's not even the best mission! Did I mention this game is amazing?The story is more direct than it was in the first game, making it easier to follow, more engaging, and giving you more of those oh so ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful cutscenes to look at. Though because of the more direct approach it isn't as dark as the first game. The first game's story was a lot like the main character, Garrett; It remains in the shadows, rarely ever leaving them. Everything is just so much more threatening when you can't directly see it. So what is the story of this game? Not going to tell you. I don't want to spoil anything; not even the most minute detail. The only thing I will tell you is that as good as the story is, the ending is a bit abruptNow onto the gameplay. It's the best stealth game ever made. It plops you into large, explorable maps allowing you to complete the missions any way you want to and how complete you want them to be. It's as addictive and as hilariously satisfying as ever to rob rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s blind right under their noses. The mechanics have been refined since the last game (not that there was much room for improvement) Bunny hopping no longer turns you into Garret the Master Hedgehog and mounting has been improved to where it works 75% of the time. The sound design is still awesome and the stealth is still just as awesome as it was in the first game.. only without the abysmal monster missions.I'm not the first ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to praise this game and I shouldn't be, because this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.10/10"
,Recommended,211740,15463983,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"One of the best games ever made.As a standalone game, Thief - The Metal Age, is a wonderful stealth based game, with a protaganist that will always be remembered.The story sneaks up on you. It starts out small, with you simply trying to get some money to live by, and suddenly you're in an epic, fighting for your, and everyone elses, life.Combined with the first, and the third game (ignore the fourth), this game not only gives you a lovely story for each one, but the games complete eachother completely.You go full circle.These games deal with what happens when extremes get the upper hand. What you think is evil, might not be, and what you think is good, is not certain to be. When neither exists, that might prove to be even worse. Everything needs a balance.That is what the thief games, as a whole (ignore the fourth), deals with. That is what they put you in the middle of.Seriously...This game... no, not only this one. The first 3, are my favorite games of ALL TIME. I've played alot of games. I've put countless of hours into games of all forms. This serie is my top choice.Do you like a good story? How about sneaking? Stealing stuff? Need a challange?Thief provides you with all of these things and more.Buy this game. Buy all of them."
76561198044770180,Recommended,211740,9202936,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,"I'm Mr Meeseeks, Look at Me!","Let me just say up front that I am incredibly impatient. I cannot sit still in one place for very long if there isn't something going on to entertain me, and I get really antsy waiting for even a short amount of time. I'm also very bad at sneaking around. I would often try and sneak up on family members just for fun to startle them, but they'd always notice me, and often they'd beat me to the punch. With that said, Thief II is my favorite game of all time. Yes. A game as slow-paced and patience-testing as this one, which relies on you being very good at stealthing around to pass the levels even on normal difficulty, is my favorite game of all time, and also the only one I began again immediately after finishing for the first time. That should say everything you need to know about how perfectly designed this game is. I could talk about the absolutely gargantuan levels that reward exploration, or the deep gameplay with a huge variety of tools and ways of approaching any situation, or the amazing story, featuring excellent, writing, voice acting, and one of gaming's best protagonists and most underrated antagonists, but really, what else do you need to know? Thief II had the misfortune of coming out the same year as Deus Ex, and was thereby overshadowed (no pun intended). While it still sold well in it's day, it's fallen under a lot of people's radars over the years. Fix that. Get this game. Be it Steam, GOG, or physical CD, there is no excuse for any gamer not to have this in their collection. Go. NOW.Edit: I forgot to mention this game also has fantasic sound design. The importance of sound is often neglected in games, and this game more than makes up for it's dated visuals in this aspect.Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,211740,7789307,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ananas,"One of the best games ever made for PC. Amazing ambient soundtrack by Eric Brosius compared great soundscape, challenging gameplay and perfect voice acting by Stephen Russel makes Thief 1 and 2 one of the most atmospheric games of all time. Thieves are also one of the only first person stealth games made properly. Probably nothing can come close to the atmospehere and experience what Thief 1 and 2 are. Graphics are what they were in late-1990-2000 and especially the textures in caves might not look so good. Otherwise this is a masterpiece."
76561198166209606,Recommended,211740,28193889,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,herman_2005,"I just finished this game for the first time ever and it's amazing. This is not me reliving my childhood. This is someone looking at greatness through modern eyes. I can't say the graphics exactly hold up, but it's certainly not a deal breaker. Strangely, I found myself really impressed with the AI and the organic nature of the gameplay. I didn't expect a game this old to impress me technically but it really did.Thief II is now the proud owner of a spot in my top five favorite games ever."
76561198051888621,Recommended,211740,30685788,Posted: 23 March,all,The Sheriff,"Just like Thief 1/Gold except with some new gadgets and even better level design.Seriously, at the begining of each mission I think to myself ""Wow, this is going to be so damn cool"" and it always is."
76561198030305825,Recommended,211740,12792119,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Anderson,"Unlike the first game, this one is much more steampunk-oriented. Much more so than even Deadly Shadows.This was a very deliberate choice as the main antagonist created a morphed Hammerite order obsessed with techonology, steam-powered engines and such.There are no more supernatural, mysterious creatures around the world. This is the triumph of technology, so a good part of the game is spent with human AI's if you enjoyed that. About half of the game is spent ""rubbing shoulders"" with the rich, going to various mansions of flexible level design, especially by the end when Looking Glass was close to bankruptcy.It's just that same, immersive game as always. I did find it to be a little disappointing to see fewer horror sequences, but it's all the same great. The story picks up right after Thief 1. Without saying too much I think everyone owes it to themselves to try the game for themselves, simply because this is as much of a breakthrough in the stealth genre as Half Life for shooters.You can find the free demo of the game here:http://www.thief-thecircle.com/media/demos/"
,Recommended,211740,7761499,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ggdograa,"Still one of the greatest stealth games of all time, let down by some dated controls, but arguably a masterpiece otherwise.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL_xuKEPpDg"
,Recommended,211740,20362544,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Casket The Clown,"Thief II is a first-person stealth game realeased back in March of 2000. It's set in a city, aptly named The City, with a steampunk aesthetic. You play as Garrett, a thief with a wide assortment of tools, weapons, and gadgets to assist him.The minute you get in the first thing you'll probably do is change the controls. The default controls in this game are set up fairly differently than the average first-person game, but you'll have little-to-no trouble after setting them up. The graphics are pretty dated, even as far as 2000 is concerned.The stealth mechanics of Thief are much more interesting than the average stealth system, based more around light and sound as opposed to the cone of vision that other stealth games tend to employ. Garrett decides to wear his clogs on every mission, so stepping on stone makes you much more obvious than stepping on something like a rug, while stepping on tile is a death sentence. The light gem at the bottom of the screen lights up to tell you if you're being lit up by the light around you, or is dark to show that you're completely in the shadows. Very rarely do games use lighting and sound as effectively as Thief does here.The missions in the second Thief, as opposed to the original Thief, focus more around simple thievery instead of supernatural missions involving zombies and cultists. This is pretty subjective as to whether or not it's a pro or con, but I prefer the thievery. The original Thief is more of the same, but with more of the aforementioned zombies and cultists.ProsLighting and sound are both fantastic, easily some of the best, even today.Interesting stealth system, only game to use anything comparable is Mark of the Ninja.The atmosphere is so thick it could give you lung cancer.More focus on thieveryConsGraphics are pretty bad, even going back to 2000.Less than friendly to newer players, but not impossible to get intoLess focus on supernatural elementsFinal Thoughts:It's easily one of the best stealth games to date. The original is preferable if you want more of the zombies and similar stuff, and Deadly Shadows is a little more forgiving. Overall, I'd reccomend it to anyone looking for an extremely fun and unique stealth system that's rarely contested, even to this day.Rating:9.5/10This review was written for and is published on theLit Reviews [LR] curator page."
,Recommended,211740,27026060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sterlini,"In 2016, it’s hard to say something about Thief II that hasn’t already been said. While Looking Glass Studios may have invented the modern stealth genre with Thief: The Dark Project, they perfected it with The Metal Age. This game’s innovative use of sound, sprawling level design, and impressive amount of player agency, create an experience that still immerses me to this day.Metal Age’s missions consist of sprawling sandboxes that allow the player to pursue objectives in whatever way they see fit. Along with the wide variety of tools spread throughout these missions (arrows, mines, bombs, etc.), there are practically infinite ways to traverse any given level. The levels themselves are set in a wide range of pseudo-medieval locations. As master thief Garrett, you’ll be robbing banks, breaking into manors, trailing people through city streets, and so much more. What's really incredible about The Metal Age is that in all of its vastness and player choice, it always manages to feel organic. During my time with Thief II, I never felt like a guy in his computer chair, I really felt like a master thief. This feeling of total immersion is greatly aided by Looking Glass‘ creative and dynamic use of sound. Your footsteps make different noises at different volumes depending on what surface you walk on. You can lean against doors to hear a muffled conversation between two guards. Every coin, key, chest, door, and ladder, makes appropriate jingles, creaks, and thumps. Eric Brosius’ composition work deserves special mention here. While not traditionally musical, Thief II‘s soundtrack expertly creates a nocturnal and ominous ambiance that never really comes to the forefront, but is always present.While it should be clear by this point that I consider Thief II to be a classic, I don’t believe it’s a perfect game. The Metal Age‘s most glaring flaw is in its visual fidelity. As a 3D game that's over a decade-and-a-half old, the graphics have aged somewhat unfavorably. Models are low-poly, with rigid animations and less than great texture work. While the dated graphics didn’t break my own personal immersion while playing, if you’re the kind of player who finds low-poly graphics to be distractingly jarring, this game may not pull you in as much as it has others. While not as much of a sticking point as the visuals, Thief II has one more notable flaw. The two missions prior to the final mission are practically identical, down to reusing the same map and having dangerously similar objectives. Neither mission is particularly bad, but the needless redundancy so close to the game’s conclusion may be frustrating for some players.That being said, these two flaws are relatively minor tarnishes on what I consider to be a nearly perfect game in terms of player choice, level design, and use of audio. Some classic games are recognized for their influence on the medium of games as a whole, whether it be a innovative mechanic, or even inventing an entire genre. However, we often return to these games and find them to be dated or unentertaining. Thief II: The Metal Age serves as a welcome exception to this trend, and has stood the test of time to become one of the greatest stealth games ever made.Overall Score: 9/10+ Huge Levels+ Multiple Paths / Choices Through Missions+ Great Setting Variety+ Good use of Sound+ Highly Immersive- Dated Graphics- One Redundant Mission"
,Recommended,211740,17031977,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dood,Best Stealth Game - Part II - Level Design
,Recommended,211740,25068495,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Raven,"Thief II: The Metal Age is a 2000 stealth game, developed by the now-defunct Looking Glass Studios, the successor of the widely acclaimed yet underrated Thief The Dark Project (1998), considered by many as the pioneer of modern stealth game, released along other amazing stealth titles such as Tenchu and Metal Gear Solid.  Being the least known of those 3 (at least from my point of view), Thief, for me,  is the most advanced on how a sneaking game should be, and that’s coming from someone who don’t have nostalgia glasses attached at all.Dawn of The Metal AgeYou take the role of Garrett, the cynical, sarcastic, and somewhat selfish master thief, with his only goal is to steal enough goods to pay his rent. A pretty interesting hero (or antihero) in the get go isn’t he? That very attitude, skill, and notoriety is the source of the problem on both games. You start off by having a couple of disconnected missions, before the real problem takes off. Thief Gold (I’ll just call the first one Thief Gold from now on)  has a pacing issues in the first couple of missions, because they’re kind of a long ”introductory” missions. Setting up the Thief universe, Garrett as a character, and it’s gameplay mechanics, and then it becomes a bizarre and intense supernatural horror story.With all the universe building stuffs is done by the first one, and all the supernatural mumbo-jumbo gone (not completely, but it put in bare minimum). Thief II doesn’t have to suffer with all of these, it has a better pacing, more focused, more intricate dystopian-thriller story, set in an even more well realized steampunk setting. From a “modest” manor to a high security, 6 story towers, from stealing lowly goods to ancient mask, Thief has a unique storytelling, we all are as clueless as Garrett is,  all the story elements dropped in the perfect time and place. Take example for Karass, the antagonist, the common people only know him as “The guy who leads The Mechanists Order”, and so does Garrett, and us, the player view him, and he becomes a more threatening figure, and that’s through texts and overall environmental storytelling only.Stealth At It’s Purest FormWhile Thief Gold is a thieving game turned-supernatural stealth-semi-platformer halfway, The Metal Age is a “thieving simulator” all the way to  the end. Thief II is simply a much more refined version of Thief I, minus the annoying zombies, and maze-like location, my biggest gripe with Thief I. Improved graphic, making a more beautiful contrast between light and dark, and improved sound design. All thanks to  the amazing “Dark Engine”, an engine designed for Thief, and Thief alone, and yes, I know System Shock 2 use this engine too, but Dark Engine truly shows it’s technical prowess here. It has a unique aesthetic and probably the best “built-in” directional sound design ever. Even until now, I can’t think of any game that has a directional sound so spot on even without the help of a software and hardwareThief is a stealth game at  it’s purest, most immersive form. Your ear, eyes, patience, and common sense is your greatest strength. Thief is a slow, I mean, really slow stealth game, especially on expert where you can’t kill any humans. Stay in the shadow, lean on every corner, creep your way around, and be patient and spatially aware, because once you’re caught, well, you're one dead thief, especially if you play on expertThe interface is minimalistic, there’s your health, your light gem, and inventory. No mini map and quest markers.  That help a lot with the immersion, you are lead to appreciate and respect the surrounding area, the unique art style and layout in each level, heightened your spatial awareness.There's one flaw in this game and that's the AI, they are... inconsistent. Ranging from nearly blind/deaf (or both), to superhuman sense. You might think the AI gets smarter every time you advance to the next level, well.. to an extent yes, but for the most part, it's ""unpredictable"".The Art of Level VerticalityTwo defining characteristic of Thief, that Thief II managed to improved, as I said earlier are the sound design and level design. I won’t delve deeper into sound design, because there’s not much to write about. It’s simply amazing, spot on, and overall has a defining ""exaggerated"" sound design. Let’s focus on level design for now. It’s FANTASTIC, it’s huge, titanic huge, believable, follows architectural logic, and has an ""oppressive"" atmosphere throughout that fit with the theme very well. Unlike the second half of Thief Gold, when the level goes total mind♥♥♥♥, in a good way, mostly. In term of level scenery, Thief Gold has more variation, from tomb, prison, cathedral, ruins, and mansions. Thief II levels are all worldly architecture. Only one level that goes to Thief Gold territory and that happens to be my least favorite level. As I said, it’s huge, more complex, but logical complex, that what makes Thief II a more fun experience than Gold. It’s harder to get lost, even if I do it’s easy to get back on track, making the exploration much more enjoyable.The level verticality is simply astounding, so many paths, some is more obvious than others, some require keen eyes and careful exploration, some requires you to hear conversations and reading notes. It’s so rewarding every time you enter a room, and realize there are 3 or more ways to get in / across. There is a vent that connects that room to the basement, the celling that connects to the attic, there’s always the so obvious ground hallway, or you can move through the interconnected rooms and picking up loots and notes, and oh! There’s a secret passage if you put out that fire, saves my time from creeping out this place!  Every route is fun to take on, making every level looks larger than it is. Besides there’s no better feeling when stumble across some loots on the way.Less Is MoreOne major flaw in the gaming industry trend nowadays is the fact that a lot of today’s games forget the phrase “Less is more”, the removal of an element hold the same importance, or even greater importance nowadays, as adding one. They take a shotgun approach, throwing everything that looks cool hoping it will sticks. It’s not necessarily bad, but with that design philosophy in mind, a game will become a “Jack of all trades, master of none” and directionless. That’s a plague that need to put in moderation.Thief in the other hand, is already set out to be a hardcore stealth game from the very start. It’s simple and humble in presentation, and that’s what makes it works in perfect harmony.  With a “realistic stealth/thieving game” in mind, Looking Glass can focus on what’s important on  a stealth game. The combat is terrible, the gadgets are mostly stealth oriented, you are “forced” to do the stealthy way, but it’s fine, it’s a stealth game after all. It’s not about playstyles in Thief, it’s about the route you take and they deliver.Through The Looking GlassIf I have to pick what’s the most underrated game developer for me, it’ll be a tie between Looking Glass and Black Isle. Though I might choose Looking Glass, because Thief, System Shock, and Ultima Underworld are less known than Black Isle’s Fallout series alone. Without them, there’ll be no Ion Storm (Deus Ex), Irrational (BioShock), and Arkane (Dishonored), it’s no coincidence that all of them are such  a hit. So short lived yet so influential, A timeless stealth game Thief II Is. A more than worthy successor of an already near-flawless game, and a perfect game to end an era.This game definitely deserve the ""Test of Time"" award"
76561198373624863,Recommended,211740,31414050,Posted: 28 April,all,Cynical,"Games shouldn't need objective markers.  Games shouldn't need to tell you the exact position of yourself, and enemies.  Games shouldn't only cast you as a badass, then set you loose to 'stealth' through an environment.  Games shouldn't have to reward you for not killing anyone.  Games shouldn't give you tools you can only ever use once.  Games shouldn't push you down the linear path(s) it has planned out.  Games shouldn't need set pieces to be tense and exciting.Thief 2: The Metal Age proves it.  I, (a filthy young'un) freed my mind from what I thought was good.  So should you."
76561198119631148,Recommended,211740,13277859,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,neuromancer14,"Thief 2: The Metal Age, developped by (the long since defunct) Looking Glass Studios, is the direct sequel to 1998's Thief:The Dark Project. To summarize, you play as master thief Garret (voiced by the great Stephen Russel) who is trying to unravel The City's new religious order, The Mechanists (the replacement of the first game's Hammerites, who believed in the Creator and that industrial construction was the way to keep evil influences, such as the Trickster (a Pan-esque God who worships chaos and nature) at bay. If you don't understand you should check out the first game, it's great!) and their leader, Father Karras, the likes of which are inventing new mechanical innovations in security and industry (robot guards, cameras,etc).The core stealth gameplay is still here from Thief 1, with the ability to deal with guards either lethally or nonlethally (avoiding or blackjacking them) and either playstyles are sufficiently suitable for every mission. This is primarily because the level design in Thief 2 (like its predecessor) contains many hidden paths and secrets to find and explore to deal with mission objectives and secure the most amount of loot possible. Also with new items such as invisibility potions and old ones such as noisemaker arrows (used to distract guards and clear paths), as previously stated, both playstyles are equally supported in the game.The stealth mechanics are still as great as the first game, with the ""light gem"" still in effect( flashing white if you are visible; dark if you are not), the ability to lean around corners to see guards/ cameras/etc. and the aforementioned items to facilitate being stealthy. One improvement I loved from Thief 2 is the change of setting for the missions, from looting ancient crypts and supernatural dimensions( still awesome but not very thief-like) to looting actual mansions and houses (especially the amount of loot in every level, with multiple areas to scour and explore). And whilst these houses and mansions may not look too good, i feel the art style has a certain charm to it.Another reason why i enjoy this game? Its story and atmosphere, Garret's tale and The City's backstory is thoroughly established in the pre mission cutscenes and books and texts found throughout levels. And the game's soundtrack is simply amazing, with chilling sweeping synths and general dark tones, the game's soundtrack gives the player a sense of always being watched, of potentially being hunted down, which gives the game's world such a distinctive feeling of ambience and general eerieness. But these are just my thoughts so feel free to check this amazing game out if you'd like, but I'd recommend checking out the first game beforehand, then diving into The Metal Age's world."
,Recommended,211740,15394378,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Problematic A-hole,"Certainly the greatest stealth game of all time......Sequels usually are worse or hit the same beats as the original, only maybe changing the criticisms directed at the original. Thief II is pretty much a revamped Thief 1, feeling more like a mappack than a sequel.It is, however, a much better thought-out game and feels much, much more secure in its concept and execution than The Dark Project. For starters, the levels are 100% dedictated to stealth and they feel a lot more fun to explore for it. Gone are the clunky combat sections and in place of that is fantastic level design that seems a lot more interested in attempting to replicate the experience of stealing from a rich guy's mansion or from a bank than the mystical weirdness from the many levels from the original. Levels also feel a lot bigger, with many sections and many, many different ways to explore them.In terms of artstyle, this is Thief 1 with the occasional higher quality textures and the occasional better looking models, but neither Thief is really easy on the eyes, so a lot of that extra goes unnoticed.Thief II's plot manages to be even better than the original, the focus still on Nature vs Science, but this time with Science being the main opponent and having an interesting (with an extremely annoying voice) antagonist that keeps you on your toes at every single opportunity he gets.For it's more focused effort, the game feels a lot more repetitive than the original as the many city scenarios don't feel as alien as the organic-based levels, the contrast not as strong.It is, in my opinion, for the best and Thief 2 is one of those sequels, that doesn't add or change much, but it doesn't need to, because for what it does, it does better than any other game out there."
76561198097855079,Recommended,211740,9779587,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Shai Hulud,"Marble floors, man."
76561198086582815,Recommended,211740,32768786,Posted: 25 June,all,Xxanno,"A fantastic stealth game even to this day. The controlls are a bit hard to learn, but they can be freely customised. The only complaint I can come up with is the darkness. Luckly are there a patch one can download online that fixes that problem.A must buy for stealth fans."
,Recommended,211740,12704905,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,PookPunk,"Played Thief: GOLD first and thoroughly enjoyed it. Thief II is no different offering a similar experience, but with some improvements. The levels look much better and flow better. Like the first, the story and cutscenes are great. Garrett is awesome and so is Thief II."
,Recommended,211740,24383797,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Oregono,"BEATEN!  34 hoursA pretty great VERY open stealth game that emphasises being quiet, being concealed in the dark, and stealing valuables.Pros:- HUGE levels with VERY open environments. A emphasis on multiple ways to get to the same place.- Long! A third of the way through at 10 hours.- Different difficulties EXPAND mission objectives, not just making something harder, like less health.Cons:- Because the levels are so open the game is old enough, the maps for the levels dont tell you where you (exactly) are. You have to orient yourself. This can make navigation harder than expected and for those used to hand-holding, it might be frustrating.Neutral:- There is minimal emphasis on combat. You can certainly run away, but fighting more than one person is borderline impossible.  You need to evade people and take them out without being seen.Would certainly recommend."
76561198037347067,Recommended,211740,34835982,Posted: 9 September,all,Wizzin' 'N' Jizzin',"IntroThief II The Metal Age is easily one of the best games of all time and the pinnacle of not only stealth in video games, but level design and story telling. I may be in the minority in saying that I prefer both the original and Deadly Shadows more,but goddamn if this isn't a worthy successor in every way, continuing the series and building upon the world that you helped shape by the end of the last game.The Great:++The sound design in this game is phenomenal. The propogation engine, the voice acting, how it effects gameplay, everything is just at the highest standard possible which is to say totally unmatched.++The atmospheric music by Eric Brosius is also just nothing short of incredible++The level design is about as good as gaming has ever gotten in the first person genre++The cutscenes in this game are, again, and I'll be repeating this a few times, totally unmatched within video games as a whole++The atmosphere is extraordinary, even if it isn't as strong as Dark Project or Deadly Shadows++Levels can take an hour or more to complete and are totally rewarding the whole way through++The intricacy of the levels makes this game replayable as all hell++The sneaking is just plain funThe Good:+Graphics are a noticable improvement over the Dark Project more so in consistency and art style then technical acheivement.+Using Tafferpatcher, I couldn't ask for smoother performance on modern systems+Levels are huge, but not for the sake of being huge+The addition of officially marked secrets is awesome+A lot of the new equipment is really cool+I've always liked the animations in these games, but some people seem to think they've aged really badlyThe Okay/Not Too Big of a Deal:+-Some minor glitches are prevalent near the end of the game specifically-+The Life of the Party is just disappointing, but I guess it's not its fault it got hyped so much. Plus, it's not bad by any stretch of the imagination.+-What the hell are the point in vine arrows? I used them like once for metal surfaces the whole game.The Bad:-One level is turned into two which is utterly lazy and unenjoyable considering how the level wasn't even that good the first time-Movement seems to glitch on surfaces more than the first game which is quite frustratingThe Horrible:--N/ASound: 10/10Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Content/Replayability: 10/10Overall: 9.5/10ConclusionThe Thief games, at least for me, are always better once you know how to do the main objectives and can work your way around the levels well enough. With the levels being the most intricate in the series it is a bit convulated and my lovefor this game was a bit delayed in comparison to the other two games in the series. On my first playthrough though, I found it hard to decide whether I liked Gold or 2 more. Honestly, this game and this series mean a lot to me. Everyoneshould give this series a shot, starting right from the beginning and working through in order. My experience when doing that was utterly unmatched."
,Recommended,211740,9011034,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,47,"Thief II is a classic stealth game from a time when games were meant to actually challenge the player, force him to think, and punish him should he act hastily. This game will not hold your hand at all; there are no objective markers, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t x-ray vision that pervades modern stealth games, and no option to play like it's a generic shooter. The game is very non-linear, with multiple pathways and options for stealth, and even some secret passages for one with a clever mind and sharp eye. The ultimate goal, however, always remains the same: steal some priceless artifact and escape, leaving no trace.The few downsides I can think of with this game just stem from it's age: the graphics are very dated, and the AI isn't very advanced, but the latter can be negated by thinking that the game's main challenge comes from the environment, not the guards. In addition, the Dark Engine that this game runs on is a little buggy, especially when it comes to dismounting from a ladder and climbing up objects, but it shouldn't impede your enjoyment too much.If you enjoyed Dishonored (which was inspired by the Thief franchise) or the real Splinter Cell games (the series up until Double Agent), you can't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,211740,12592112,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Merim,"The game never disappointed me since the first one. It has really good maps, and stealthy as usual. Though it doesnt seem to be as horrifying than the first. Lost its bit of touch with horror. Regardless, there are some levels that are rather challenging, especially on highest difficulty. I just love the challenge in this game.One thing that bugs me however...... No fan missions in workshop. Would RECOMMEND having THAT in steam. Would definitely try whatever maps that throws in steam workshop. I know its in a website, but i feel it would be nice if it was in steam workshop, dont we agree?Anyways, this game i recommend anyone. I dont recommend to people that never played the first though. :P"
,Recommended,211740,13135749,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,KoA John,"Really great stealth game, the 1st game has more horror elements, this 2nd really bring out the feel of the steampunk universe that the series is set in even more than the 1st game and brings a host of different challenges that the 1st game did not."
,Recommended,211740,25481792,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,QuarantineTarantula,"By far the best stealth game there is.Unlike most games where pickups and guards are very evenly distributed, stuff in Thief is actually where it would be in real life. No gold in the kitchen or the guard quarters because why would there be? Also, if there's an area that's very hard to reach, that doesn't mean there's good pickups there.For example if the kitchen is very well lit, and there are a lot of guards around there picking up a late night snack. Your AAA-poisoned brain thinks ""Ooh, high security, must be some nice loot over there.""To which the game would reply, after you've finally made it there ""No, of course there isn't any gold here, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing kitchen"".No ♥♥♥♥ing minimap or objective markers. Not just sleepwalking towards the glowing arrow like in Thief '14, but actually organically exploring the area with a map Garrett drew himself.And last but certainly not least NO MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING CUTSCENES! No stupid fades to black every 20 seconds to pull you out off the game and shatter your immersion. The story is picked up through conversations between NPC and letters you find in people's desks throughout the level.The best stealth game ever and one of the most immersive games there is.10/10"
,Recommended,211740,31209246,Posted: 17 April,all,Thorens666,"First of all, I want to say I am writing this review not out of nostalgia. I have never played a Thief game before, this was my first encounter with it. I skipped part I because most people said part II was the high point of the series, and improved a lot on the first.What can I say, even though this game is 17 years old, it still delivered me with an experience I have rarely found in todays games. Its atmosphere is absolutely incredible. This is mostly thanks to exceptional level design. Not a single level felt like it was borrowing from the previous one. For a game with over 35-50 hours of gameplay, that's pretty exceptional. Especially regarding that the levels are filled to the brim with secrets, loot, characters, passageways, etcetera... Remarkable. Garrett is an excellent protagonist, and the game really gives everyone a solid backstory, be it through excellent dialogue or in books/scrolls you find lying around.The game is not without its negative points though: some parts of the story feel a bit overly weird or convoluted, and the graphics are, even with the HD mod pack, a bit of a hurdle to get over.But don't let that stop you from playing, what is as I now know, rightfully called a ""classic gaming experience"". This is a stealth game to which all others owe so much, I can see that now."
,Recommended,211740,15590351,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Master Taffer,"Thief II: The Metal Age was the second first person stealth game I ever played after Thief: The Dark Project and the series really introduced me to genre as a whole, I've been obsessed with it ever since. The game mechanics just work and there is a dark, unique humour and fine attention detail in every aspect of the game making it a perfect example of a time when developers were more concerned with making an enjoyable game for the player over one that would appeal to the masses and therefore sell well. This point is further shown by the fact that the original developer, Looking Glass Studios, went bankrupt after releasing this game, yet this game and it's predecessor are still considered beloved classics while the future games in this series, created individually by Eidos and Square Enix, are widely recognised as terrible and failures and I must say I totally agree. While this game does create a level of nostalgia for me personally, I would still recommend it to anyone even if this weren't the case. A fine of example of a game done well."
,Recommended,211740,1187817,"Posted: 19 July, 2012",all,FØRST_EVIG,"The Builder has gifted thee with the greatestof all treasures - the future!But thine own will forges the keythat opens the lock.--Karras, private correspondence"
76561198006509182,Recommended,211740,33387942,Posted: 8 July,all,Xelos,"Bought it expecting to play it for 5 minutes and realising it didn't age well.I aged really, really well.I absolutely love it! Exept some minor gripes with the design and interface (so far I haven't found a way to look what's behind closed doors and cycling though all you eqipment can be reaaly annoying) it's still an excellent game, dripping with atmosphere, game and level design and excellent world building. No I wish someone made a remastered version of this game, with some minor tweaks and graphic overhaul, it deserves to be played!"
,Recommended,211740,24197473,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Raskolnikov,"I didn't play this game until I was 26 years old, so I like to think that my opinion on it is unbiased by nostalgia. That said, this game is absolutely fantastic. Easily one of my favorite stealth games of all time. The levels are large and incredibly organic, with several hidden passages and ways to traverse them. The difficulty is challenging but not tedious. The graphics are dated, but more than makes up for it in incredible sound design and ambient music, wonderfully composed by Eric Brosius. Not only that, but the game is filled with character. The atmosphere is dark and the fantasy world presented here is creative and interesting, but the game also has a very dry sense of humor that keeps things from getting too grimdark. Fantastic voice work from Stephen Russell, who voices the memoriable recurring guard Benny, the very eccentric, Truman Capote-esque villian Karras, and the delightful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a protagonist Garrett.Absolutely fantastic game. Demands to be played several times, to learn the levels, to perfect them, and bask in the atmosphere and world created here. Do not let it's age turn you away."
,Recommended,211740,9875611,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,The Denton Project,"Every so often one stumbles upon a game that reminds them why PC games are a superior medium to thier counterparts, and appreciates the overall gameplay experice. This could not be more true in the case of Thief 2: The Metal Age.Aside from the outdated ""old"" graphics (according to the modern-day console loving children of today's gaming age), the gameplay is simply Perfection. Everything from looting a nobles mansion, to carrying out the dangerous of tasks, one becomes completely immersed in this game.Definitely give it a go 10/10!Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,211740,32782501,Posted: 25 June,all,bfkuashdkbsakd,this is how you make a sequel to a great first game. everything that was good about the original is here with way less of the annoying stuff (zombie levels)
76561197976811566,Recommended,211740,9776049,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,The Intern,"Thief II: The Metal Age is everything you could want in a sequel, taking what its predecessor had and making it better. It remains one of the finest games in the Stealth genre, rewarding exploration and weaving a tale in a unique and entertaining setting of steampunk and sorcery. Forget the 2014 Thief, it only existed to milk a few dollars of the curious and nostalgic alike, and failed to satisfy either. Thief II is cheap to buy and fun to play, and in an age of mediocre ""modern"" games selling for the same price, you'll be glad you picked up this classic. Yes I will marry it now that you mention it SHUT UP AND PLAY IT."
,Recommended,211740,23610515,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,bread,"If you like games that brings a lot of fun, this game is for you. This game is open world in some way, because you can avoid doing certain things in the game, and you have a lot of choices. It is very atmospheric, like Thief 1, but a bit more modern. This game made me laugh about the glitches and bugs that it made, usually you cant find these in modern games."
76561198092538524,Recommended,211740,29982015,Posted: 17 February,all,Uncle Feel,"Thief 2 was created for the Metal Age, but was also created in the golden age of gaming."
,Recommended,211740,31757284,Posted: 14 May,all,Starcaptain10,"0/10 worst stealth game everHow am I supposed to be a sneaky assassin if I can't even use my hand to shoot tornados at guards? And how in the world am I supposed to get anywhere when there's no teleport button to zip me past enemies?The map design is equally terrible because it has multiple arching interconnected paths, like a real building... And I can't find anything! There's not even a marker on the minimap that tells me where the secret area is! I can't find any ammunition for my  gun, or even the level up screen that let's me put the gun into my loadout!Don't even get me started on the automatic explosive crossbow ammo, I was halfway through the opening level, and I hadn't so much as seen a grenade, much less a grenade duct taped to a crossbow bolt! The devs clearly dont understand what a stealth game is! Idiots! Idiots, all of them!Hell, at this point I wouldn't be supprised if they forgot the instant kill deaths from above attack, or the magic binoculars that mark enemies on your minimap, or the drone that flies around and does absolutely nothing useful. With such a lackluster feature set as this, I bet they even forgot to give the character magic xray vision powers or a slow motion bullettime ability during shootouts.This game is an abomination on the stealth genre and it has no place standing next to great stealth masterpieces like Assassin's Creed 2, Dishonored 2, Far Cry 3, and Call of Duty 4!-0.0000/10"
76561198142273279,Recommended,211740,23460622,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Recky,"Thief 2, The Metal Age was a game that I very much enjoyed playing, and although it’s quite old, I still think it holds up very well.In Thief 2, you play as Garrett, a master thief who must overcome recent trouble involving a corrupt Sheriff who has cracked down on crime, and who seems to have a personal grudge against Garrett. Throughout the game, you must sneak around in various missions and locations, all while uncovering a potentially much larger problem that goes beyond Garrett himself.In terms of gameplay, it plays similar to the first Thief game. You sneak around, completing various objectives, all while trying to remain unnoticed. While combat is an option, Garrett is rather unequipped when it comes to fighting enemies, and stands little chance against more than one foe at a time. Stealth is by far the best option, and Thief 2 still holds up as one of the best stealth games i’ve played. Guards have long, unpredictable patrols they take, meaning they don’t simply walk from one end of the room to the other making them easy targets, which keeps the game tense and forces the player to always be on their toes in case a guard shows up unexpectedly. Guards are always alert, and will investigate a noise they hear. If they catch a glimpse of you, they may decide to look around, forcing the player to keep moving so that they aren’t found. Garrett’s main means of hiding is darkness. By hiding in the shadows, guards won’t be able to spot the player, allowing them to sneak around unnoticed. The mechanic of hiding in darkness and being exposed in the light works excellently in the game, and it was quite revolutionary for its time. Another interesting mechanic is how not all floors produce the same amount of noise when stepped on. Things like carpet and grass will produce little noise, while marble floors will produce more noise, potentially bringing guards over as well. As you progress through the game and begin stealing from richer people, more marble flooring will be found and more electric lights will be used, meaning it will get harder to keep quiet and stay in the dark.The level design is some of the best i’ve seen, even an improvement on the excellent design of the first game. Levels are non-linear, large, and open, and can have many different sections, each with their own ways to sneak around undetected. The levels are also very varied. Some you may find yourself in a huge mansion, some in the streets of the city, and in many other locations as well. Garrett will have a large array of tools at his disposal to help him through the levels, including many different types of arrows such as water and vine arrows that will help in certain scenarios.Thief 2 also wisely gets rid of the more paranormal settings and enemies that were common in the first game and replaces them with more stealth focused ones. In the first Thief, many of the levels revolved around ruins and caves filled with enemies such as zombies. These levels didn’t offer much in terms of stealth, and for the most part involved simply running right by the enemies while avoiding their attacks. Enemies such as zombies are rarely seen in Thief 2, and luckily don’t break the flow of the stealth gameplay. Thief 2 does use new enemies in the form of robots, but luckily they can be snuck around, making them similar to guards. They also offer a good challenge, because they cannot be knocked out, and throughout playing the game I never once destroyed one. I don’t even know if it was possible to destroy one in the game at all.The game and the people in it also have a lot of charm. Garrett isn’t some lifeless protagonist; he’s a man who can take a moment seriously, but isn’t afraid to make a few cynical remarks about the people he’s stealing from. He isn’t some special hero who people shower with praise, he’s just a guy trying to make enough money from stealing to pay his rent. The guards in the game also have excellent, sometimes quite funny dialogue, and the drunken tone of their voice is a great way to get across their character.The story itself is also very good, and is often told in a non-direct fashion, meaning the player will learn more about the story and world by reading notes left on people's desks, listening to guards talking to each other, as well as other ways. This also gives players more of a reason to look around and explore the environments. While the story itself may seem simple at first, it slowly builds up and becomes something more. It’s rarely a flashy story, but it’s subtle, as well as intriguing and interesting at the same time.I can only really think of two complaints about the game, and they're both pretty minor. First, climbing in the game can be a bit difficult, and if you miss the ledge your trying to grab, the character may jump by accident and alert guards to your location. Second, it seems a bit unfair that taking one step on a marble floor brings every guard in the nearby area to your location, especially when guards are already walking over marble floors without anyone caring. Still, these are only small complaints and they didn't get in the way of my enjoyment of the game.Overall, Thief 2 offers a great improvement over an already great game. It’s one of the best stealth games around, and it has gameplay that still holds up today. The graphics will seem quite dated by today's standards, but if you’re able to get around that, it shouldn’t hinder your enjoyment. One of my favorite games."
76561197980653742,Recommended,211740,9213986,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Buffalo Bill,"When it comes to the pinnacle of stealth gaming, some say Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, some say Hitman: Blood Money, and some even have the audacity to say Assassin's Creed. While they're all worthy contenders, Thief 2 stands fully erect as the throbbing crown jewel of an underappreciated genre.They just don't make many games like this anymore. There are 15 glorious levels--each of which can take anywhere between 30 minutes to three hours depending on your level of Kleptomania. Even in 2014, I am still amazed at how goddamn huge the levels are, and the sheer amount stuff hidden in every nook and cranny. Sure, on a graphical level the game hasn't aged well at all, but from a gameplay standpoint, this game was (and still is) WAY ahead of it's time. Dishonored pointed its pinky in the right direction, but still wasn't able to capture the sheer size and replayability of this game. There are levels within levels within levels. It blows my mind.Anyway, I'm surprised you made it this far in my review and haven't purchased this game yet. You're getting easily 20+ hours from this badboy...and that's undercutting it by a lot. This is the template for how to make a perfect stealth game. Period."
76561198091667027,Recommended,211740,26223049,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,yafeth,i dont play is a lot but still a super good game back some yers back not on steam but i use to play this game  a lot me and my bros  went and get up at 5 am in the morning to play it  good old day good game
76561197973952918,Recommended,211740,9046339,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,blu_light16,"Thief II: The Metal Age, the sequel to Thief Gold, doesn't fix anything that ain't broke. The levels are a little bigger and more urban, and the story is just as engaging as the first Thief. The degree of polish throughout the game is very impressive, making it the best Thief game to date. If you liked Thief Gold or are attracted to the stealth genre, you shouldn't pass this one up.(Rating: 9/10 ""Great"")"
,Recommended,211740,3383261,"Posted: 9 August, 2012",all,DarylSurat,"Thief II is the gold standard upon which all stealth games/games with stealth mechanics are to be evaluated. The original Thief was treading into unknown territory and hedged its bets with more action/horror/Tomb Raiderish levels against mostly nonverbal inhuman foes. Thief II is straight up robbing human establishments against foes that you can always understand just how alerted to your presence they are. Light & shadow are integral to going undetected, but it's sound that you'll be relying upon more than sight.You'll spend lots of time just standing still, just listening and watching, waiting to move. You're constantly under-supplied, and there's no point in hoarding inventory since it doesn't carry over between levels. Fighting won't end well. On Hard you're not even PERMITTED to kill. Escaping once detected isn't easy. Your maps are vague & incomplete. All that is what makes your victories that much more satisfying.Modern AAA gaming will never permit this experience ever again."
,Recommended,211740,8047654,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DudeDesigns,Quite possibly the best first-person stealth action game ever made.
76561198034316854,Recommended,211740,19804328,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,120 BPM,"One of the best stealth games of all time, you break into mansions, banks, houses and steal stuff. Levels of thief 2 remind me of old hitman games - they give you a lot of freedom and you can experiment with different strategies. There is almost no horror elements like in the first game which some people don't like, for me it's a change for good."
,Recommended,211740,29286433,Posted: 15 January,all,SAY10,"Thief 2 (along with its predecessor) will shine on as timeless gems in the PC goldmine that is the turn of the millenium - apart from its chilling sound base, Thief 2 carves its own niche in the art of level design. This is one of the only 1st person games with a truly realistic environment - entire wings of a building may contain no leads, no loot, no nothing. Or it might just hold a secret. As a gamer, you are left guessing, until you take the time to explore it. Forget polygon counts, forget sloped terrain - Thief 2's calibur of level design, in and of itself, makes it a winner."
,Recommended,211740,23138348,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mason,"Like Thief Gold, this is a fun stealth game with excellent level design. I'd even say this is better than Thief Gold, thanks to the tomb raiderish maps being dropped in favor of focusing entirely on human enemies in city environments. Level design is also improved, with bigger more open-ended levels than those of the first.Make sure to get TafferPatcher before playing"
,Recommended,211740,8310878,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Makarot,"When Thief II released, I had probably already spent over 300 hours (re)playing Thief: The Dark Project and Thief: Gold. Shortly after its release, I rebuilt my PC and dove in. The graphics were much improved from the first games, and the story was even better. The missions were even more expansive this time, and replaying the game always led to finding something new.What made this game even more brilliant, was the opening of the Dark Engine to the users who wanted to mod/level build. Looking Glass Studios closed shortly after the release of Thief II and the sequel wasn't produced until 2004. In that period of downtime, hundreds of new, fan-made, missions were created and distributed in online communities like the Circle of Stone and Shadow. Some were better than others. And just a few may have been better than the game itself. In fact, one of the fan missions was so good, the developer was hired by Eidos to work on Thief III. Moreover, some fan mission developers ended up joining forces to release their own, unofficial sequel named Thief2x.The game itself had its own replay value, but the fans who made these missions and mods increased the value tenfold.Thief II is a must play. I'd definitely recommend playing Thief: The Dark Project or Thief: Gold first. When you're done, it's worth doing the investigation to find these fan-made missions and play them too."
76561198032669800,Recommended,211740,24163060,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lt. DOOM_SHARPE [RAMC],"Dificult and stressful, but thoroughly worth it. One of the best stories I have come across in a video game, especially if you play thief gold first."
,Recommended,211740,34255445,Posted: 15 August,all,HotShot908,Possibly the greatest stealth game of all time.
,Recommended,211740,20356249,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sogen,"What can I say, It's the best stealth game to have been crafted up to this day. Although I myself prefer Thief: The Dark Project (for nostalgia reasons) I can't deny the fact, that Thief: The Metal Age is significantly better in every single way possible. Looking Glass have really outdone themselves this time.The textures may be low res, npc models may look ugly. But how can that possibly matter, when Thief has some of the most beautiful lighting and sound design I have ever had the pleasure to experience. Even after nearly 18 years since the first Thief was released, both Thief games still look and SOUND gorgeus!"
,Recommended,211740,12006843,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,The Bear of Bad News,"I've been a Thief fan since The Dark Project came out, first introducing ""first-person sneakers"". I just deided to play Thief 2 again after buying it on Steam. WOW is it different than ""THIEF"" (the newest one, not part of the original trilogy). It's in a league of its own. Strategy, timing, and pure stealth are key in the Thief trilogy. The graphics are very much outdated, but it is still a ridiculously immersive game, partly because the creators put a LOT of time into sounds. This was also true in the first one, Thief: The Dark Project. When you're getting your bearings and trying to find a safe time to move (which is a constant throughout the game), listening is key. If you have a busy or otherwise noisy household, you're gonna have a hard time playing this game. It is absolutely reliant upon being able to listen closely to the movements of nearby NPCs, and sometimes the spoken hints as you're listening to their conversations.To make Thief 2 even better, it not only has zombies sometimes like Thief 1, but it also has ""metal beasts"" -- creations of the Mechanists (a splinter of the Hammerite cult), which are creepy in their own way, but also very hard to kill if you find yourself in that position.I miss games back in the day. In the bank level, the first time I played it, it took me just over 4 hours to beat. That's just one of many levels. What made so many older games awesome was that some games had absolutely gargantuan levels, and in the Thief trilogy they had a dozen ways of being completed, increasing replayability, whereas games today tend to be so linear, with the exception of a rare few.Enjoy it!"
76561198007494844,Recommended,211740,12150883,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Morgaledh,"Genre-defining, still viable and exciting after all these years. Welcome back, old friend, you live again thanks to Steam. Are the graphics dated? You bet. Have other stealth games moved beyond the style and focus of this series? Sure thing. Has anything topped the excitement and (with DarkLoader) the moddability and community of this series? Not really -- only the TES games can say that. Great series, and this is the best of the lot."
,Recommended,211740,15225069,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Alex,"10/10 would review again.Ok, I'm only reviewing it for the badge, but in case that breaks some kind of community rule, the game is great."
76561198068691029,Recommended,211740,17278767,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Pixelmite,I remember playing this a long time ago but unfortantly it does not work well with new systems so buy at your own risk!. It lags for me but other than that it its a blast from the past.
,Recommended,211740,24678872,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Loch Ness,who's been stealin' me gym socks?
76561197963177674,Recommended,211740,9208999,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,qcocks,"As the new Thief reboot nears release, you can't help but hope it lives up to the gameplay of this game and the original thief. If you can get passed the dated graphics, (which was easy considering how amazing this game is) then you will surely have a hell of a time. Can't recommend this series enough."
,Recommended,211740,8080841,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Seventh Arrow,"Perhaps *the* quintessential stealth game. A word of warning: the graphics definitely show their age; but still, give it a chance. If you love stealth gameplay then I think it will nevertheless win you over in time. Thief 2 has many great open levels to explore and skulk around in, not the least of which is the infamous bank level. The music - which is more like ambient sounds and effects - is great as well, lending to the fantastic atmosphere found in the series. If you like first person sneakers, this should be a no-brainer."
,Recommended,211740,3636795,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,taiyoukei,"Thief 2 is one of the best stealth games ever. It takes everything that made the first game so good and improves it. Large, open-ended missions give you the freedom to complete your objectives in any order and explore every nook and cranny. The story is also great and the atmosphere is immersive. Hundreds of fan-made missions that are available give hours of replayability, fun, and unique settings. I highly recommend playing this game if you enjoyed the first one!"
,Recommended,211740,25623273,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Barrfind V.,"Ach, Thief 2. I have spend in it so many hours when I was a kid. I'm so old. Game too but still one of the best sneak thief game in this world. There is no such a games like this, believe me."
76561198020657257,Recommended,211740,30943245,Posted: 4 April,all,Shuck,"While you read this, Garrett stole your car, your wallet and the chair you're sitting on."
,Recommended,211740,26794600,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pariah,"The Steam version requires ""Tafferpatcher"" (www.lmgtfy.com) to work correctly.The first few games in this series don't need a review - they're some of the best games of all time, along with Deus Ex.(maybe even for people who didn't play it when it came out)."
76561198013409697,Recommended,211740,31263031,Posted: 20 April,all,Marcus,"After having played it for ages back in the days, I was very glad to see Thief on steam.I still believe, even today this is my number 1 favourite game of all times. Nothing beats the atmosphere and the creepiness of Thief."
,Recommended,211740,15317362,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,John Wayne,"Beautiful game. I haven't played this before until recently, but I wish I played it when it first came out. I'm only three levels in and It is certainly challenging and worth playing. This is a game I can see myself replaying just to find anything I missed or to just enjoy the game again. I think the mechanics are well made and I really can't think of anything I'd complain about.This is worth getting. So do it!!!!!1"
76561198047205597,Recommended,211740,8541650,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mykroe,"Thief's core stealth gameplay is very basic, and the story didn't click until I played it a second time, but the level design is so strong that it easily made it the best stealth game I've ever played, and has the best level design I've ever seen. Missions feel more like architectural simulations rather than levels in a video game, and it's a great feeling. You really appreciate the areas when you're independently navigating every inch of an estate for loot and secrets, and using the walls and shadows around you to stay hidden.Very immersive and fun!"
,Recommended,211740,9438974,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Metal Taffer,"Of all the stealth based games I've played, ""Thief II: The Metal Age"" is by far the best. It's stealth mechanics make use of both light and sound which is pretty amazing for a game that came out in 2000. It also features a great story with possibly the coolest main character of any videogame series out there, Garrett.  Voiced by an awesome dude called Stephen Russell, Garrett is a sarcastic thief whose commentary you hear throughout the entire game and it is a joy to listen to. You might know Stephen Russell from the game ""The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim"" where he voices a large number of characters including the leader of the Thieves Guild, Mercer Frey, which is a nice nod to the Thief series.Unlike it's predecessor, ""Thief: The Dark Project"" (AKA ""Thief Gold""), Thief 2  knows what it wants to be, a stealth game, and ditched all the combat focused, ""Tomb Raider-esque"" missions that were so prevalent in it's predecessor, making it the superior title. Large open levels, even more tools than the first one, amazing atmosphere, a great stealth system, and awesome sound design make ""Thief II: The Metal Age"" the holy grail of stealth games."
,Recommended,211740,8457733,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,G4all,"Thief 2 (aka THE GREATEST STEALTH GAME OF ALL TIME) is a game I have to recommend. It is a 1st person stealth game much like dishonnored wich dishonned was mostly based on. Dishonned was a great game but IMO it still can' hold a candle to thief 2. It has HUGE non linerar non-linear map, fun gameplay, great story, and it is so old you and play it on almost any PC. It is currently $6.99 (not on sale), so if you are a fan of stealth games then you have to get this game. (10/10)"
,Recommended,211740,26225127,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jonee2long,Like Thief 1 this game is one of the best
,Recommended,211740,28195863,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Thot Hunter,I've only played the first mission and I already ♥♥♥♥ing love it.
76561198338398954,Recommended,211740,33494061,Posted: 12 July,all,MichaelShay,"Thief II obiously falls short on the technical side (animations, graphics, options) compared to newer games like Dishonored, but the story is subtly told, the lead character is interesting and nuanced as a person, the levels are complex but easy to navigate, and stealth gameplay is unbelievably real and immersive. Thief II is so great that even if you have had unpleasant stealth game experiences before, I still recommend it. It's cheap, and totally unlike any other stealth game.Thief II = Mozart, 2Pac, Queen, Stevie Wonder, Duke Elington, PrinceThief, Assasin's Creed, Dishonored = Katy Perry, Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus"
,Recommended,211740,25590944,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Agent,"You can pretty much say that Thief 2, is more of the same gameplay from The Dark Project. However, its more of the same done right, fantastic level design, excellent plot and more of the fantastic gameplay from The Dark Project, a true classic!"
,Recommended,211740,34501744,Posted: 26 August,all,G®ím íß ðéáð,the original sneaky sneaker
,Recommended,211740,23112996,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AsatorPrime,Thief is still the only series to do stealth right
76561198146573564,Recommended,211740,11990213,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Flyoinpiggy,"Thief 2 is a game an old game thats amazing, numerous ways of achieving objectives, great stealth mechanics, lots of secrets , the game trusts that your not a moron can be a bad thing especialy for me i have got lost inumerous times. Conclusion its a great stealth game that is old but its still up to this day pretty amazing that doesnt mean it has its flaws (guards ai is buggy, etc ... ) you should probably go into this game expecting not that great of graphics (u can fix this with mods) and some ocasional bugs but the pros out weight the cons ... so buy the game if you're a stealth fan :D"
,Recommended,211740,30928781,Posted: 3 April,all,CHULULU,"The gold standard for stealth games. 15 large and detailed levels, deep stealth gameplay, multiple ways to complete a mission, good story and great main character. This is the game to which other stealth games should be compared to. Only Chaos Theory and the new Styx Shards of Darkness are worthy of sitting next to this masterpiece."
,Recommended,211740,32747138,Posted: 24 June,all,DoomTainted,Even better than thief gold buy. Consider buying it if you have the money
,Recommended,211740,32829914,Posted: 26 June,all,GayHellGoose,A fine game for fine people
,Recommended,211740,32590515,Posted: 20 June,all,OTF.That_Taffer,"There is a reason I am called ThatTaffer, and it begins with this game."
76561198052135773,Recommended,211740,5571707,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Fellini,One of the best games ever made.
,Recommended,211740,9020760,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Zepherys,"Perhaps one of the most defining stealth games ever created, Thief II is a masterful display of story, character, and gameplay. While it may take some work to get it to run properly on newer machines (the Dark Engine has not aged as well as could be hoped), Thief II is highly recommended to fans of stealth-focused and non-linear gameplay."
,Recommended,211740,6134241,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,AriLou,"Stealth, First Person Shooting. it's really awesome game.3D sounds effect, unique watchers(robots and so on).And Great MAPs. They are pretty big and let you enjoy sneaking much."
76561198038371482,Recommended,211740,4514490,"Posted: 12 August, 2012",all,Rat 13,"Awesome game, one of mah favorites. Games like this simply lives forever. Anyone who played Thief, will never forget it, and will eventyally return to Garrets adventures."
,Recommended,211740,1667963,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Turbotaste,"Thief 2 is a masterpiece, a symphony of perfect level design that has not been surpassed to this day. Intelligent design that takes its players seriously. Unlike its predecessor, the focus on stealth is much higher making this the ultimate thief experience. In addition, Karras is one creepy villain. That voice is haunting!It does not have the horror elements of Thief 1 & 3, but I still believe that this is the absolute highlight of the series. ""Life of the Party"" may very well be the best level I have ever played in any game."
,Recommended,211740,5346261,"Posted: 3 June, 2012",all,Krayzie,a milestone back then and still one of the best games in that genre
76561198042790348,Recommended,211740,26942886,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kay,"Fantastic stealth gameplay and a well crafted story to boot. The controls are highly customizable allowing you to full freedom over how you move in the game. The large, expansive levels reward exploration and risk taking and the game doesn't lock you into a single difficulty level through the whole game. Difficulties can be channged at the start of each mission.The graphics are a bit dated this is true but if you can accept that and still be immersed in the game you'll find it deeply rewarding and fun to play. well worth your time and money, I can't reccomend this game highlyy enough."
76561198150607895,Recommended,211740,28278802,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Obarex,"Best atmosphere, voices, music, feeling, story, gameplay"
76561198065046595,Recommended,211740,26040053,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Landis,"My most beloved game of all time. So much time spent in this game growing up. I cant describe all the fond memories of this game i have, from the original game to so many amazing Fan made missions."
76561198030201337,Recommended,211740,27271666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Epoch,"I never had any nostalgia for Theif, I saw maybe a few screenshots as a kid but never really played it. Years later I got my hands on the first one, and good god was it a breath of fresh air. So I was pretty excited to try out its sequal, and good god. ....I can't even put it into words. This is the definition of what a sequal should be. It should build on what the original made great, but in addition add its own touch.While age has withered its looks, from the cold stone streets of The City, to the dark ominous metal corridors of the Mechanist's lair's, Theif 2's sprawling open ended levels still feel fresh and terrifying to explore. To anyone who loves a good stealth game, or someone whose just looking for a lesson on good atmosphere, PICK UP THEIF GOLD AND THEIF 2 THE METAL AGE! I guarantee you will not regret it."
,Recommended,211740,16033414,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,『Florx』,"A masterpiece like his predecessor! This game has new mechanical enemies, security cameras and some new thief tools, that change the gameplay a little bit (mechanical eye etc). You play as Garrett again. Less horror supernatural elements but more thieving, that means less zombies, ghosts etc. And more human enemies. You feel more like a thief than a grave robber. Yet It has an awesome story, awesome big levels, awesome characters like Karras with the neat voice acting (voiced by Stephen Russell too), more medieval steampunk atmosphere.In all one of the best stealth game of all time! This game stole my heart.NOTE: To run it on modern system, widescreen support etc. Download Tafferpatcher!Link:http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=131106Or get it from GOG.Edit: Voted for “Test of Time” award."
,Recommended,211740,8267742,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nopemachine,"A lovingly crafted first-person stealth game. You are put in the shoes of Garret, a misanthropic snarky master thief who, unlike many cliche game protagonists, looks out only for himself and other people's coffers. This game is the second in a series of three titles and is considered to be the best of the three. Obviously low graphics, so can work on laptops. Patience and thought is key in playing these titles, and Thief 2 does not exclude."
76561198019557045,Recommended,211740,8829763,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,A.G.B.,"Pros: Stealth all the way. Patience, planning and exploration rewarded. Great tools for stealth, like Invisibility Potion, Remote Camera, Rope Arrow, etc. Vast, complex, non-linear levels for you to complete at your own pace. Steampunk atmosphere, with chilling realizations and a few disgusting, nightmarish sights and sounds. Tense and gripping gameplay of hiding in shadows, and being careful not to make noise by walking on stone or mable. Creepy and dangerous robots, cameras and sentry guns to sneak past. Great story and exploration of themes.Cons: Does expect you to have played the first one, albeit it isn't required. Graphics were dated when it came out.My recommendation: Love stealth? Play this immediately. It's one of the best."
76561197977647292,Recommended,211740,9680622,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,FrailTobias,"My hands-down favorite game of all time.  If you like stealth games and steampunk/medieval settings at all, give this one a shot.  Be sure to download the unofficial ""NewDark"" patch to update the graphics and make it more compatible with modern hardware."
,Recommended,211740,9102681,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,[MM] WMan22,"NOTE:Currently I only have around one hour on steam for this game. That's because I just recently got it to work with steam on a 16:9 resolution and I already beat it several times over way back in the day on windows 98. This gameplay time is currently subject to change whenever I can get the time to beat this game again.Thief 2 is a good sequel to a stealth masterpiece. The map design is much more focused and much more clearly defined than in Thief Gold, which makes for some mildly streamlined but much more sensible map design than in the first; This also introduces entirely new gameplay mechanics (Literally) such as security cam operated sentry guns and robots which lore wise are explained rather well.Developers of the world, this is how you do difficulty modes right.Each difficulty can add new objectives and higher difficulties make the sword a detriment to your inventory as you will often auto-fail a mission for killing someone; You must instead use a blackjack that only works when an enemy is unaware of your presence, which admittedly is sort of broken when you learn how to lean in and blackjack effectively from the shadows. Personally I think it adds to the game to be able to lean in and blackjack, it's a fun abuse of gameplay mechanics, like Bunnyhopping.The sound design is masterfully crafted and unrivalled(for the most part)even today; you're going to want to get a good sound card and some plugins to emulate EAX to really get the proper effect of it.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5E0sXdX-Bchttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6ng_bGozSoBoth Thief Steam releases come with an outdated version of ddfix which allows a few graphical enhancements such as modern resolutions and bloom injection but since the version that comes with the steam release is outdated your game will likely crash immediately upon using a 16:9 resolution in cam.cfg. It's moderately difficult to find the latest version so I'm going to save you the trouble and directly link it.http://rapidlibrary.biz/source.php?file=ulzq8ez8qri89on&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjermi.dyndns.org%2F~jermi%2Fddfix%2Fddfix_1.5.12.zip&sec=893b4f3af5fae4c1Just drop this into your Thief directory where your .exe is and using notepad++ to modify that to whatever graphical improvements you desire, though personally I think bloom looks terrible in any game, let alone injected into one. So i'd just leave it alone and modify cam.cfg so that game_screen_size is 1920 1080 if you're using a 1080p monitor. Hope this helped."
76561198038377225,Recommended,211740,8566446,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Toastering,This is the best stealth game ever made. Absoulutely nothing even comes close.
76561198032332004,Recommended,211740,4117139,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,LilyFinch,"Amazing game!  There are too few ACTUAL pure-stealth games out there. The storyline is engaging, the cutscenes beautifully drawn, and Stephen Russell's voice brings the character of Garrett to life.Definitely worth buying."
76561198131352576,Recommended,211740,25893523,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dark Knight,This game needs to be available on Mac ASAP!
,Recommended,211740,35258708,Posted: 28 September,all,rretro,"Simply the best, exemplary work"
76561198044127309,Recommended,211740,24234320,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Latino Cream King,"Thief 2 stole my heart, my wallet and also my social life. Best stealth game ever released. Needs a mod and some tinkering to get running on modern machines."
76561198081614391,Recommended,211740,10420981,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Sawyerlegsoff,Check my name.That's what this game did to me.
76561198038393347,Recommended,211740,10143881,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jimithi,Sequal to the unadulterated stealth game. The pinnacle of sneakiness.
,Recommended,211740,1093043,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Thief 2 delivered in almost every category in improving the gameplay from the previous game. It turned the style up to 11 in a lot of ways. For one the world is now further fleshed out into a fantasy/steampunk experience (you face enemies like steam powered robots and cameras).It also streamlined a lot of the other elements to the game. In Thief 1 you were required to tango with enemies like zombies and flesh eating monsters. Wheras in Thief 2 for the most part your missions don't usually extend very far from being stealing something from a bunch of guys. Of course your objectives in Thief 2 are often very unique. One of which on it's hardest difficulty doesn't allow you to even knock anyone out during a mission due to raising suspicion.Thief 2 isn't for everyone, if you liked the original Thief 2 is the next best thing. However if you don't like stealth games buy the first one to get properly aquainted. This one is a lot harder, but a lot more rewarding if you beat it."
,Recommended,211740,7728636,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,FUCK YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH,"JEG SKAL BRUGE NOGEN AT SPILLE COOP MED!!!!!(brug texturepack med mindre du vil have hovedpine, de normale grafikker STINKER)I NEED SOMEONE TO PLAY COOP WITH!!!!!!(use texture pack with the multiplayer mod unless you want extremely weird graphics when looking at shadows)"
76561198313379879,Recommended,211740,28150130,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Vex,"InThief IIwe see the return of Garrett as he faces a new threat that has arisen because the equilibrium was disturbed after his previous venture. The new foe will seem unbeatable from our hero perspective, who, as usual, just wants to be on his own and make a living by what he does best, thieving, a thing that won't go far for him because a new faction that rises to power in The City will interrupt his schemes. The situation calls again for the master thief as he gradually involves himself in the unfolding of the master plan behind this new faction and its leader.Again, like in the previous game,Thief I, I chose to install a mod for some minor fixes I've read that this game needs, although from my experience, at least, with these two games I have never encountered a single crash or any major inconvenience (excepting here the fact that Garrett is totally lacking basic ladder climbing skills). I chose a simple and light mod, without graphical enchantments called New Dark (Unofficial patch), which, as the name suggests, is a patch, namely a community patch. Regarding the game itself, as a whole, I can say that it is largely similar with its predecessor, with a few improvements, of course. The difference is seen when we look at the story, the first game focusing more on the old ways, nature and the world beyond while this game centers its story inside The City and its altering under the Mechanists.Altogether this game didn't disappoint, as expected, and it is, for me at least, as good as the first game. Give it a go if you have finishedThief I."
76561198038301423,Recommended,211740,10594977,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Road to 1.8k,ITs mean
,Recommended,211740,29935352,Posted: 14 February,all,David0vić,"I think Thief 2 is the best game in the franchise. The controls are much more refined and still feel smooth to this day as well as Garrett’s movement and animations. I feel like the biggest improvement was the level design, the levels end up being much easier to navigate and find your way but they also somehow manage to be even more elaborate, intricate, creative, well thought out and designed compared to the original. Also just the mission objectives and how you go about to accomplish them is very creative. It also has a much bigger focus on actual thieving compared to the original. There are still some frustrating missions in the game that are nowhere near as good as the others which greatly ruins the games pacing but other than that, this is still a good classic stealth game.7/10 (Good)"
,Recommended,211740,8562486,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Tomulas,"Amazing! It is exactly what I wanted, a roleplaying thief game; get in, grab what you can, get out. This game is best when you immerse yourself in the story, which unfortunatley takes a strange and just wierd turn mid-game. My only issue would be the mid-game plotline, but the gameplay is amazing and easy to get a hang of. Put your skills to the test."
,Recommended,211740,9269754,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,lRedPosion,"The best of the best. A perfect sequel to the already perfect stealth game:Thief: The Dark Project.This game has more to offer then it's predecessor. More enemies, more open levels, better envoirments and slightly improved gameplay. It also has more gadgets like invisibility potion, which can come handy sometimes.I've didin't expected this game to be what it is, it's a perfect sequal with changes, but not tragic ones which would ruin it. The envoirments are amazing and you even get to walk into woods in one level. Furthermore, the  gameplay and visuals are pretty much the same, it looks good for it's age, when i was playing this in 2000 then it would be the game with the best graphics ever, but nowadays if people play this they are to blind to see how old this game actually is and that that is the reason why it looks so ''bad'', while it in fact looks amazing.So, the theme is really cool, with metal robots and stuff. I've had a good nearly 8 hours in this game, i've could finish it more quickly because i learned a lot from Thief Gold if it comes to actually playing this game the right way. The ending of this game was exciting:all the deaths.. 'all...as it was written'An all-time classic perfect game.A must buy. It's a steal for the price it's on Steam right now.. so, go ahead..Thief?[/i]"
,Recommended,211740,1314030,"Posted: 18 July, 2012",all,Starving Poet,"This is probably the best stealh FPS that has ever been made, and it's over a decade old.  It improves upon everything that was good in Thief 1, without making any of the mistakes prevalent in Thief 3.   I don't think there's really much more I can say about this one."
,Recommended,211740,505607,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,"Whoops, sat on the jar of Skippy","Dated graphics, amazing stealth action. It's a trade-off, but luckily there's a patch released in 2012 to support 1080p and numerous other improvements. This game brings back great memories."
76561198004738934,Recommended,211740,9593806,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,AHomicidalTelevision,"this game is one of the best stealth games of all timesif you like stealth you will love this gamejust be warned, it might not workthe game crashes when i start a level, and i cannot find a solution."
,Recommended,211740,9359521,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Jragghen,"Quite possibly my favorite PC game of all time. While the graphics have aged, the gameplay has not. An intensely stressful wonderful first-person stealth game. You play as Garret, a skilled thief, moving through multiple labyrnthian levels to find specific objectives and loot yourself some bonus cash along the way. Unlike the first game, this sequel focuses on less supernatural levels, and shines all the better for it. Level design and opportunities for different angles of attack are so well polished that modern games can only dream.This is not a game to go into expecting to get into combat and make your way through. Play on Expert for the best experience where you'll have to ghost your way through the game while finding everything.I cannot recommend this game enough. It's absolutely fantastic."
76561197989766649,Recommended,211740,1233954,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Kråka,"By far best First Person Sneaker on the market and despite its heavy heritage it managed to improved upon the mechanics and atmosphere of its predecessor. Sure the game might be aged and the graphic look like something out of an avantgarde art class but the essence of the experience and the landslide of mods avaliable for it make it a must have for any serious wannabe ninja out there!If you ever get to choose only one game for the best game of all times competition, choose this!"
21345675432145678,Recommended,211740,9936057,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,MEME KINGMANN,"Good game but there is something wrong with the lighting for me, everything is almost pitch black and I cant see a damn thing. When I look at a youtube video of thief 2 the lighting is bright and I can tell what is going on please if you could tell me tell me how to fix the lighting. Thanks :D"
,Recommended,211740,29432925,Posted: 22 January,all,Blue,"Possibly one of the greatest stealth games ever made.If the stealing isnt enough then the plot will suck you in.If the plot isnt enough you will get blown away by the world.If the world isnt enough then go play a 007 game.But seriously, its old, but there are few games that compare to this one. Its worth it."
76561198000385490,Recommended,211740,27266626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zorne Sepperin,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played. I played the original Thief back in the day so I didn't play this one until recently, but my god did it hold me from beginning to end."
,Recommended,211740,28049492,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Divandelen,"The definitive First Person Stealth game to date.It's engine and graphics are quite dated by contemporary standards, but the gameplay still holds up as one of the best for the genre (which this very game and it's predecessor,Thief: The Dark Projecthappened to define), and the presentation remains as captivating as ever.The long-defunct Looking Glass is still considered an exemplary studio in the PC Gaming Community for a reason. The original two Thief games they released is a part of that equation."
76561198180845669,Recommended,211740,27250357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pasikullero,"This game, along previous one - less zombies included, me thinks - is for you all wannabe taffers. One of the greatest sneaking, blackjacking and five finger discount  experience. I approve."
,Recommended,211740,27136228,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kiya,Not sure what happened to the review I wrote for this game on Steam a few years ago - ah well.Thief II still stands for me as the best stealth game ever made.  I have bought so many copies of it over the years and played through the disc version many times before it ever appeared on Steam.Ignore the dated graphics and enjoy;A comprehensive stealth system where you are a thief not an assassin with many routes you can take to complete each level giving the game immense replay value.Lots of lovely loot to collect and so many secrets to discover.The wonderful ascerbic wit of Garret's narration and the many humorous npc dialogues that you can eavesdrop upon as you play through the game.An intriguing and thrilling plot that makes sense.The beautiful drawn story panels before each level.Rope arrows.A ridiculously large number of mods both for graphics and new levels for the game - see here for instructions on how to mod the game on Steam -https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=113169312
76561198040590337,Recommended,211740,26512296,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Top Cat,It's really hard to describe how  good and impactful this game was on release back in the 2000's. truly one of the best classics to playWatch this review to understand how big this game still is:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPqwDGXxLhU
,Recommended,211740,5297863,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Hyb_rid,"Unique game with unique atmosphere, it's a must if you like stealth and full moon nights, one of my videogame holy trinity"
76561198019285715,Recommended,211740,9720700,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,GaiusBaltar939,"I do not care what anybody says, this is the best game ever made. The humor alone is worth playing the game for. It is not easy, but not impossible. I have been playing it for many years and learn new things every time. Sure, you can watch someone with a walkthrough, but when you think you got all of the loot and secrets, you then find out you were not even close. Just a perfect game in every way."
76561198079711294,Recommended,211740,8213682,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Goku60266,The graphics may be outdated but this is easily the greatest stealth game I have ever played.
,Recommended,211740,8815144,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,MechJaz,"If the first game was thrilling, this game is sublime. A genuinely intriguing story moves things along between missions and whether by experience or design I feel every bit as challenged while feeling like a more capable thief. A much improved map is still reasonably vague while giving you a much better idea of your location so it doesn't feel so daunting to navigate levels.I find myself playing with the guards, looting rooms far out of the way or after every objective is cleared for the thrill of the theft. Clever games reward clever and curious players, and there are secrets abound if you keep your eyes open in the dark. Don't let the graphics put you off - the Thief games are classics for a reason. If they're stewing in your backlog, play them, and if you don't have them yet, get them."
76561198055399432,Recommended,211740,24235321,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,"James, the Arkham Engineer",the depressing thing is; this is the best stealth game i ever played.. and its only 20 years old!
76561197990406921,Recommended,211740,24434267,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,MMG Man,"Not as good as Thief Gold in plot, but overall the gameplay and level design is better."
76561197969749884,Recommended,211740,23648663,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"A continuiation of one of the best games every made, more complex, more difficult, with a mildly worse story but so much more to experience."
76561198055676674,Recommended,211740,35168665,Posted: 23 September,all,Gerwin,This game is more fun to play than contemporary stealth games.
76561197972442783,Recommended,211740,23719128,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Skarhead,"One of the best games ever made. Just install taffer patcher to get it working on newer machines.  It fixes the gamma/brightness adjustment issue.  Played it through on expert without any issues.  Of all the Thief games I like this the best.  It focuses more on stealth than combat (Thief 1 had too much combat).  Also, the levels are much larger than Thief 1.While the graphics are dated (the dark engine was never much graphically compared to id tech or unreal engine)  the gameplay is about perfect.  Getting on and off ladders still feels clunky.Anyone looking for an imersive stealth games should check this out.  Just make surr to get taffer patcher, google for link."
76561198018042499,Recommended,211740,24779292,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mabd,"The gaphics may be a bit dated, but don't let that fool you. This is the best stealth game of all time."
,Recommended,211740,24801736,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MS PowerPoint,This was an amazing sequle to the first game.  As I loved the first game this sequel really held up and was great is not better than the first.  I highly recomend this game it is a stapel to the stealth genre.
,Recommended,211740,24804663,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,sG | Tuxedo,"Perfect game, the quintessential stealth experience, and one of the best games to ever come out of a time when the gaming industry was just beginning to come full circle when it comes to setting standards. Single handedly the best stealth game ever made"
,Recommended,211740,33467230,Posted: 11 July,all,TheCancerThatKills,"Thief 2: The Metal Age is definitely a diamond from its time. The game is heavy with atmosphere and immerses you within minutes. The story is told through cinematic cutscenes but mostly and solely through the gameplay. You take on the role as Garrett, an experienced thief who steals for a living, throughout the story Garrett becomes entangled within the conflict and mysteries of people and factions. The stealth is very well done, every type of terrain emits a different level of loudness whenever you step on it and allows you to think more strategically for every level. You different types of equipment each with their own uses. For example, you have moss arrows that when shot on the ground it creates a soft surface for you to walk on (very useful for marble floors), water arrows to put out torches and provide more darkness, flash bombs to disorient your enemies and knock them out, and so forth. If you are spotted by guards you'll die in three to four hits, so your best chance of survival is staying behind the shadows. Once you get the hang of everything, you will feel like a master thief.Thief 2 has aged like wine, I can even say it's a masterpiece. It brilliantly combines story, gameplay and atmosphere all at once. If you are a fan of stealth and/or story driven games, then this is a must have."
,Recommended,211740,34889221,Posted: 11 September,all,dalenacio,"This is my favorite game of all time. From its incredible level design, intricate and fun to play in, to its gripping atmosphere, gritty and urban in just the right measures, its subtle storytelling and great memorable villain, it's hard to think of a single thing this game did not get right. It is now nearly 18 years old, a lifetime in gaming, and it is still the unrivaled king of Stealth.If you want my advice, wait for this game and the original (Thief: The Dark Project) to go on sale, and buy them both. You want to have played the first before this one. Also look at the fan patches for both games, which make them incredibly better to play in from a technical point of view.If you like Stealth games where you have to think and take it slow, solve the guard patterns like so many intricate puzzle, and where doing your absolute best to never be spotted is not only necessary for survival but fun in a tense and scary way, look no further thanThief II: The Metal Age."
,Recommended,211740,35176330,Posted: 24 September,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
,Recommended,211740,8700754,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nyaznable,"You can steal things in this game, but I don't think it holds up to the wonderfull game, Theif, as seen on Richard ""Down With Taxes"" Kyanka TV."
,Recommended,211740,28814210,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kevin 64,THE THIEFING IS REAL! And also way better than the first game. Get this one.
,Recommended,211740,28570527,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheHop,"A beautifully built stealth game, holds up very well."
,Recommended,211740,9253630,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Stolko,Playing this game for too long will make you ejaculate uncontrolably. It's art. Play it.
76561198039485065,Recommended,211740,19914858,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bodacious Crumb,"Great maps, with plenty of cool little diversions. A setting, oozing with quarts of viscous atmosphere. Stephen Russell's syrupy vocal talents. Incredibly tight gameplay. Somehow still the best sneaking game out there.Like, really though. Other developers. How hard is it to program floor types that make different amounts of footfall noise? That's like half of the stealth mechanic right there!If nothing else, The Metal Age shows that a sequel doesn't need to superficially outdo the prievious game in scope. All you really need is an incrimental improvment and a couple of neat new ideas, presented without pretension.Though, it seems like Looking Glass forgot to tell the rest of the industry how to do that before they folded.Dang."
,Recommended,211740,27903816,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,𝓭𝓻𝓪𝓬𝓸𝓷𝓲𝓰𝓮𝓷,Your childhood was a waste if you hadn't played and loved this game.
76561198147607351,Recommended,211740,17883678,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,BioShrek,Spent 70 hours on a 30 hour game
,Recommended,211740,25472863,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,아이어,No stealth game can beat this game.Justgetit.
,Recommended,211740,1143236,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,Saleck,"After finishing System Shock 2 in 1999, The geniuses at Looking Glass Studios would set out to create a sequel to their most successful franchise. It would sadly be their last ever game as financial problems would see the studio close 2 months later.Thief 2 is everything you could possibly ask for in a sequel; tighter and much larger level design, deeper exploration of the characters, a tighter and a more coherent atmosphere and an enthralling story of an unlikely alliance solving a twisting and evolving mystery that threatens to destroy The City and beyond.Once again, Garrett is the unlikely hero of the tale. Stealing to survive and slinking through the shadows are a daily fact of life for him; Getting to the truth, whilst stopping to line his pockets along the way.You'll be exploring nobleman's estates, police stations, banks, cathedrals and even The Thieves' Highway. All the while, the atmosphere and storytelling will keep you on your toes and keep your mind sharp. The environments in Thief 2 are much bigger and much more detailed than the first game and gone are the vast majority of undead, haunted crypts and tombs the first game contained.You'll also have some new gear to play with in Thief 2; Slow-fall potions, expensive and rare invisibility potions, flash mines and 'The Eye', which I won't go into much detail about, as well as others.Thief 2 is also more challenging than the first game. Higher difficulty levels will, in some cases, require you to leave very little or, in one case, zero trace of your presence behind in one or two levels. This will require you to think ahead even more about what to expect; a tense but rewarding experience.This game the peak of the Thief series so far, the graphics are much improved over the first game and the story, whilst having a satisfying conclusion, left the door wide open for a Thief 3 that would never arrive from the studio that started it all.So Adiós Looking Glass. You created amazing experiences, stories and gameplay long before it was the norm in gaming as we know it today and even now, studios are still playing catchup to you.The game is very mod friendly. You can find texture packs and graphical upgrades out there. If you need help setting up the game, you can read this guide here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=113169312Obviously, I'm going to recommend the hell out of this game if you want a gaming experience that will live long in the memory!"
,Recommended,211740,13192070,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,xcomprestige,Instant knockout with club + horrid graphics + amazing gameplay = 11/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,211740,17540027,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Mvanh1256,"This steampunk fantasy, while slightly outdated, is definitely worth a stealth-lovers time. If you are in to high action sequences, this game may come across as bland. The stealth elements, and the smart, cynical protagonist make this game well worth a buy."
76561197978350645,Recommended,211740,23146084,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,lionhart,"Well, I liked it, and I'm gonna go down to the kitchen and get me some more of it!"
76561197963584378,Recommended,211740,155238,"Posted: 23 May, 2012",all,tozziFan,"ancient game, yet if you are capable to immerse yourself (at night, of course) in this dark age, the game is hugely rewarding for exploration and stealth tactics possibilities3D Vision experience is possible and very good"
76561198027318885,Recommended,211740,23045715,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,parker_86,An INSTANT CLASSIC the very best stealth game ever made along with the original so much better than what Square Enix did with the latest one
76561198201219217,Recommended,211740,26553021,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Red Reaper,I have no nostalgia towards this so my review is not biased.That said:THIS GAME IS THE BEST STEALTH GAME! BUY IT! BUY IT NOW YOU TAFFER!*Hammers the recommend-button 700 times*Aaaaaaaaaand post a review
76561198030786790,Recommended,211740,18214479,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,jamesc70,"I'm biased because I played this game when it originally came out, long ago. The graphics are dated, the character models probably have less geometry than your cell phone icons, and there isn't any experience or upgrades to customize your character.However, the sound is absolutely fantastic. The levels are large and varied, where you can truly choose your own way. Do you sneak through the kitchen, knocking out the help before you explore upstairs, or use a rope arrow to bypass that area entirely, with the possibility a servant may come upstairs and spot you?You cannot Rambo your way through; this is stealth done right, and if you don't believe me lookup the history of the game, and how fans created patches and numerous missions, and how many still play today.If you can get past the dated graphics, you just might love this gem of a title. Three and four look better, but without the freedom (you can have some choice in paths,  but it's limited to context-sensitive spots and far too linear)."
76561198016684317,Recommended,211740,32412924,Posted: 14 June,all,nooboftheforest,"A very good stealth game, maybe the best"
76561198037799958,Recommended,211740,9367149,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Nyxs,Better than thief 4 as its less hand holding
,Recommended,211740,703209,"Posted: 4 August, 2012",all,Dugle,"One of the games that defined the Stealth Genre. Dear lord, this game was fantastic! It has suffered a little bit of wear and tear in the last few years, but stealth affecionados will love the gameplay and game mechanics. The difficulty ramps up rather abruptly near the end and the game DOES have it's fair share of bugs, but if you're resourceful you can download a patch or two. I'd probably recommend Deadly Shadows over this, but if you're a Thief fan, don't hesitate!"
,Recommended,211740,3249433,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,Esca,"slightly better than Thief 1, which makes it the best thing on Steam[citation not needed, just play it]"
76561197997255325,Recommended,211740,7471112,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Obamov,"Do you even stealth? Buy this, download/apply the patch from this link:http://www64.zippyshare.com/v/33869454/file.htmlEnjoy one of the best (if not the best) stealth games ever made (even though the narrative and variety of locations were done better in Thief 1). At least buy Thief: Deadly Shadows if you're more of a casual player."
76561198041347648,Recommended,211740,9107869,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Quick Rundown,"Robots with lisps, nuff said"
76561198026931070,Recommended,211740,7760878,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Thekindlyones,This is STILL the best stealth game I have ever played and despite its age sneaking through the shadows stealing whatever I can  is as immersive now as it was when I first played it.
,Recommended,211740,741289,"Posted: 25 May, 2012",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"Gold is a metal, just saying."
,Recommended,211740,1074812,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,Apparently Kid,"Basically the same game with just a few improvements. First off, everything looks the EXACT same. Graphics have made no new improvements. The environments and textures are all the same. The health, detection system, even the weapons you use are the exact same with the same models for them. They did add some fun new items. Ai is better and doesn't always automatically know where you are. Sometimes the floor textures still make you automatically heard, but less often. The darkness works more like it should in this one and they don't automatically find you. The levels are better and aren't dumb supernatural like the first one. Same with the enemies. You don't sneak around zombies and devils which made no sense and somewhat ruined the last game. The developers did a good job in that regard listening to complaints. The levels are still basically the same. You get no help as where to go or what to do. From seeing walkthroughs I had to do things that are never explained and the game and I never would have thought to do. In one level you must find these random rubies laying on the ground and place them in these spaces to go through a portal to get further, only none of that was even mentioned. If I would have gotten to the place to put them without already having them I would have been screwed. You must find them hidden around a forest. It is poorly done. Also the levels are huge and have tons of ways to go and secrets but most of the space is meaningless and doesn't help the mission and seems only to increase playtime by having people wander around. The steam overlay still doesn't work but at least the cutscenes do. The story is convoluted and somewhat boring; overall ho-hum. I give it a 7/10 for nice additions but still somewhat amateur."
76561197972499865,Recommended,211740,12564412,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,"A great game, classic."
,Recommended,211740,34425133,Posted: 22 August,all,ziNt3kz peektuts.com,"If you want a kick butt exciting adventure part 2, then this classic is meant for you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPqwDGXxLhU"
76561198095356069,Recommended,211740,22465599,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,marcusthane,"ahhhhhhh....i mean straight up old school..but damnit could not stop playin. I have wasted enough of my life in this ancient stealth 1990 something...jesus...i feel like i'm collaberating with my father's father. Never will I play this again, at least for another 10 yrs."
76561197968441615,Recommended,211740,11160149,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Liokai,"Thief II is a steampunk stealth game.It's a Singleplayer only game.Release date: 21.03.2000Graphics:    6/10The graphics are ok for its release date. In comparison to the prequel it's only a slight improvement, but I think they could've made it a little bit better than they actually did. Like the prequel they managed to create an awesome atmosphere with the ""poor"" graphics and effects. One reason I just gave 6/10 is that most of the game looks 1:1 exactly the same likeThief Gold.Sound:     6/10The sounds are quite good and the voice actors are doing a great job. Some sounds are really annoying (robots for example). Like in Thief Gold there is nearly no music. I know it's not necessary, but I still miss it.Level design:     7/10The level design is just as good as in the prequel. You can search for secrets and have more than one way to reach your goal. The atmosphere is fitting and the levels are well structured.Except for one level, namely the last one. The last level is so frustrating. If you want to sneak the whole way through then you get detected the slow way. If you want to rush through you get detected fast. That is the only difference and the reason why I skipped the last level. And this last level degrades the Level design by 2 points: 9/10 => 7/10.Gameplay/Handling/Equipment:     8/10The good points: Like in the prequel you have a really nice arsenal for a thief. Plenty of arrowtypes, the flashbomb for your escape and so on. You still must get used to the controls but when you know how to play it you will like it. The playstyle remains pretty much like it was in the prequel. You sneak around, steal stuff, knock out enemies, etc..The bad point: No improvements at all.Enemies/AI:     6/10Well the guards search for you if you are too loud and act really authentic. But robots act totally random and I don't get the point why they made them so annoying. Sure it's no problem to disable them but still I don't like the idea of them. They didn't improve the AI from Thief Gold to Thief 2 so I just give 6/10.Story:     4/10Maybe it's just me but I don't like the story. It's boring and I miss the ""magical"" part of it. The target is a guy who wants to kill people with poison and created robots to protect himself. I don't even know how to make it sound better.Critic summary:     6,2/10Personal fun rating:     7/10     [good game]All in all a good game, but the developers didn't make real improvements. I recommend the game if you played Thief Gold, otherwise I don't. Since the game isn't very expensive: Give it a try."
76561198137749707,Recommended,211740,15655655,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,M1n3cr4f1s14y3r,"This is an amazing game for being made in, according to Steam, 2000. Thief II was totally worth the $1.50 that I scavenged  from around the house. I still think the game is worth the money at full price. There is surprisingly a lot to this game for being an oldy, but this one is a goody. There are so many mechanics to just experiment with, like all of the arrows in the game. These include Noi♥♥♥♥er arrows, moss arrows, water arrows, fire arrows (Which explode and defy the laws of physics), rope arrows, broadhead arrows, and many more other weapons or tools that are fun to experiment with. The last thing I will mention, for the sake of not making this a very lengthy review is that each level is really up to you on how to finish it. There are several secrets i  each level, most of the time a secret switch or lever, so this can aid you in the level. And that is where I will end this review. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
76561198086466233,Recommended,211740,9045897,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Taco Meat,Classic game
76561198254814599,Recommended,211740,21781113,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,fox,best game EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ITS SO GOOD buy it NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211740,21267321,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Meddle,"It's really good. One of the greatest stealth games to be made, probably one of the greatest games to be made."
,Recommended,211740,18079219,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mushu-Wu,"12 hours spent on Steam version65 hours spent on GOG version10/10, will buy this game twice again."
,Recommended,211740,18083819,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ana,11/10 best stealth game i've played.
76561198035351179,Recommended,211740,18101844,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ZaNdAlOr-02,"Thief 2 is a game set in a steampunk world full of cults , monsters and the forces of the evil baron. You play as the master thief Garrett and must sneak and steal your way through many interesting locations. You have a wide selection of weapons and gadgets to choose such as the trusty black jack and rope arrow. You get quite a bit of freedom to complete levels in any way you see fit. This game improved on many features of the original Thief game and has some fantastic atmospheric areas, If you like Stealth action games BUY THIS GAME"
76561198005968261,Recommended,211740,18469335,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,FreDDe,One of the best games ever made!
,Recommended,211740,18477037,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,drive by cockslapper,"If you can get past the very aged visuals and bad voice acting, Thief 2 is a very immersive stealth game, and honestly the best 3D stealth game out there. Huge open environments make for incredibly organic gameplay with hundreds of possible routes and strategies, and the AI works well with the good level design (which also makes the maps look and feel like places real people live in, rather than a world designed for a video game).9/10, one of my favorites."
,Recommended,211740,18477366,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,chethecat,"How does one rave about one of their all time favorite games without sounding like a raving lunatic?Look, there are 4 (sorta) Thief games.  If each of them gets 10 points (so a total of 40) and you break it up here's the ranking:Theif II: The Metal Age 50/10Thief: The Dark Project (Gold) 10/10Thief: Deadly Shadows 5/10Thief -25/10But that includes 3 stories for another time.I do have to mention Dark Project/Gold briefly since Thief II would not exist without it.  It really is a fine game in its own right, the best Stealth Game up to that point.  However, it still relies too much on combat (and those damnable undead). The story, however, is worth it.  Which leads to Thief II -- apparently Looking Glass Studios realized that the combat was the least favorite aspect of the game and made it so you can avoid it entirely in Thief II (if you choose).  You may get seen and want to fight your way out (or have to I suppose) and you are not entirely without resources.  However, you CAN get through it without ever swinging your blade.  That, in conjunction with the story, propelled Theif II to the top of the stealth charts for me.Do not look for visuals that have withstood the test of time.  They are dated, but they are sufficient if you aren't a snob, and the aesthetic works perfectly.  Do not look for this if you want to run and gun through levels putting arrows into the eye sockets of every guard you see while simultaneously slicing and dicing others who happen to get to close.DO look for an amazing stealth game with a solid story that builds from at first trying to scratch out a living to getting embroiled in events beyond your control.  DO look for secret rooms, safes, stashed of loot.  DO be patient and learn the guard's patterns.  But mostly -- DO PICK UP Thief II: The Metal Age (especially during this stealth game sale!).One last thing -- DO NOT pick up Thief (the reboot) as it has in common with the true Thief games only the title and the name of the protagonist.  They are as different as having a fire and being on fire."
,Recommended,211740,18513856,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ThatOneGuy,TAFFER
,Recommended,211740,18737443,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,The Women Respecter,"The pinnacle of the series. Incredibly atmospheric, and easily one of the creepiest games I've played. Solid level design, solid stealth."
,Recommended,211740,18755568,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ElderSilverFox,Holy BALLLSSSS! SO GOOD! The Thief series is my all time favorite series. These are my favorite games. Stealth games done right!!!!!! Goes from normal to fantastical real fast.
76561197970482328,Recommended,211740,18823881,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fjk1138,Easily the best of any of the Thief games.  The levels with the bank and the party are two of the best FPS levels I have ever played. Stephen Russell is absoluitely fantastic as the voice of Garrett.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,211740,19839645,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,anus lubber,"Jesus taffing Christ, marble floors are the most unfair invention in video game history. That being said I had a lot of fun and you should get this game if you like hiding from cardboard cut outs of people in silly armor."
,Recommended,211740,20532135,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,mech619,"The graphics for this game may not be as spectacular compared to other stealth games like Metal Gear Solid but the gameplay more than makes up for that.Taking place in a Victorian steam punk era with limited amounts of magic, you have to rely on quick wit and your arsenal to advance in the game.Two guards block a doorway you need to enter through.  You could carefully sneak through the dark and bypass them, you could use an arrow to make a sound, drawing them away, or find a hidden passage in the wall to sneak behind them.  This is what makes the game so great, you have options you can use and not keep things so linear.The difficulty also makes the game great.  There is no indicater of any kind to tell you there is a guard on the other side of the wall.  You have to use your ears to listen to footsteps, occasionally whistling, and eyes to see if that guard is carrying a key to unlock a door with.One of the cons I can say about the game is the controls at times can be a little frustrating to deal with.  Sometimes you want to climb up a short wall, quietly, only to have Garrett not only miss grabbing the wall, he may make some noise too, alerting the guards.  I had a similar problem with ladders, with him not dismounting from the well.The cut scenes are kept short and in between each mission.  Most of the story is told from reading parchments, books, and listening to game characters talk amongst themselves.If you're looking for a stealth game that IS superior to most other stealth games, like Metal Gear, I would highly recommend this game ot"
,Recommended,211740,17375215,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,TheAlienFromOuterEarth,just ♥♥♥♥in buy it
,Recommended,211740,17457865,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ehraiha,The best example of a perfect stealth game. Absolutely amazing. Thief II is honestly better than Thief Gold. Thief II is the greatest stealth game I've ever played and it's fifteen years old.
,Recommended,211740,17544865,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Thief 2: TMA is everything a sequel should be, and more! Though  it doesn't have the same 'horror' element that the first game had, it's still very atmospheric with an incredible ambience that will suck you in to its dark, treacherous world and it won't let go until Karras closes the doors to Soulforge, forever sealing his fate! (yeah, more on Soulforge later).All of the original Thief gameplay mechanics are still in place w/ added features: the stealth is in full effect with deeply complex missions and large maps that allow for multiple routes to completing objectives, all the sexy arrow types you loved from the first game are back (now with vine arrows), all of your original gadgets are back (now with scouting orbs, and in rare cases explosive devices), there are new enemy types (most notably female soldiers) and of course a new antagonist (alas, Constantine is no more, but Karras is easily just as much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as he was, so it's cool, and there's even a ghost pirate at one point if you can find him and his glorious pirate booty....um....let me rephrase that, I mean his treasure).  Oh, and I almost forgot one of the coolest upgrades, the cinematics between missions (some play out like storyboard drawings but others are actual cinematics and there's sorta one when you die too, but obviously that's not as cool as the others).Now back to the final mission, Sabotage at Soulforge, Karras' stronhold, his HQ, the locus of his nefarious activities, yeah you get the point.  Being a final mission you'd expect some level of challenge and complexity and Soulforge certainly doesn't disappoint. But seriously, this mission for me was so vast and complex that I spent nearly a quarter of my total game time wandering its darkened corridors with like negative 5 hitpoints at some points, all while trying to figure out where I should go next and how not to get killed by Karras' mechanoid creations. After finally beating this mission, I almost felt like I couldn't recall an earlier point in the game but Soulforge.  It was as though the entire game took place in this one hub-like area.  Mentally, I was nearly defeated by this final quest but I persevered in the end and so Karras can suck it!If you like Thief you'll love this one just as much, if not more so.  Get it on sale when you can but as far as classics go, it's a must own even if you have to pay the full price and there is so much depth and challenge that you'll be glad you made the purchase in the end."
,Recommended,211740,17578446,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,golbat,"A more difficult game than the first one, mainly due to the story-based shift in how setting is approached and the less linear levels. Supernatural enemies are traded out for mechanical ones which have easier to understand AI. Though the shift to a more industrialized setting gives the impression that there'd be more repetition in visual design don't be fooled. Maps are more detailed than in the first game. New items are introduced, filling a variety of roles that provide for more freedom of gameplay. Also female guards! You wouldn't think it but this adds a surprising amount to guard interactions and I really can't think of any negative outcomes of it.You absolutely owe it to yourself to play this and Thief Gold, if you've played one without the other you're missing out of the the definitive Thief experience."
76561198116815058,Recommended,211740,17721298,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Der Knabe,Entertaining.
,Recommended,211740,17778055,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Gondile,"It's really good, don't get me wrong, but it's a total drag towards the end, and the final level is a swift kick in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nevertheless, the game improves on all the things Thief 1 did wrong, and then some. It's utterly fantastic and worth a playthrough, especially if you're a fan of stealth games."
76561198082565023,Recommended,211740,17849217,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bunjy,"Don't let the slightly dated and clunky graphics fool you, Theif 2 The Metal Age is a cracking adventure. I always have a good time sneaking round rich peoples houses with Garret, knocking haples gaurds and priests unconsious. There are new variations to missions and different challanges that make a more well rounded experience. New Enemies to circumnavigate and incapacitate. The World feels bigger and more imersive, and the story with a well developed villian interesting twists and suprising character reveals is pure geniusThere are some little flaws with the game, but that might be down to my skill as a player or the age of the game. The Watchers and Children of Karras do feel a lot like the undead from Theif 1 and the Bank mission does frustrate due to the material of the floor.But these are little details, Thief 2 is a must buy for any stealth game fan and a reminder as to why the Thief series are the best in the genre."
,Recommended,211740,17877329,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,AMB 10,"You know that feeling you get when you play Splinter Cell or Deus Ex and you knock out a guard in an extremely congested area and nervously drag his body to the shadows, one by one cleaning up an area while nobody's the wiser? Yeah, that's this game. I wasn't fond of the first Thief game, but I can easily say that I LOVE this game. One of my favorite stealth experiences."
,Recommended,211740,17903064,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,KABIR,Best Game franchise of all time in my opinion. This is simply the best masterpiece game ever made in my opinion.
76561198047129050,Recommended,211740,14770990,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AFauzan91,+no maze leveli think i need THIEF 3 from looking glass studios !!!
,Recommended,211740,27298852,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eruyaean,+
,Recommended,211740,10262724,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Zeke,"Play Thief: The Dark Project (aka Thief Gold) first to get what is going on with the story. Thief 2 plays like a perfect upgrade. Everything that was good in Thief: Gold stays and everything that was bad is thrown out. Plus, the levels are larger.I wish more developers did this with their sequels. Fix up what people didn't like and improve what people did like. Instead taking the Call of Duty road and releasing it with nothing new."
76561198117784258,Recommended,211740,14492995,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dont Tussle WIth the Muscle,Fantastic first person stealth game. In my opinion it is the best in the series. It is in this steam punk city. It has a great story with magic in it. The levels are well done with great usages with light and noise. You can hide in the shadows and walk on carpet to make less noise. You can use a bunch of arrows like rope arrows and water arrows. There are different ways of doing a level. Buy this game if you want a classic stealth game!
,Recommended,211740,13185964,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,PREIKJA MANNSKIT,This is a classic and it basically made the stealth genre.So yes if the game defined a genre its good ...... Just buy it
76561198224907336,Recommended,211740,26215042,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Miles Something,its alright
,Recommended,211740,29552972,Posted: 28 January,all,StupidHobby,"Similar to it's prequel except most of the atmosphere is gone in replace of tighter level design. These levels allow for more interaction as each level gameplay-wise plays differently. However, most of the settings feel mundane and are forgettable. Brilliant story telling. Not much more to say.  I like it, it's a nice addition to the Thief series if you want more levels after the first."
,Recommended,211740,31032345,Posted: 8 April,all,Rasel,"Immersing game, make yourself comfortable as you play this and make some hot chocolate as you break in and steal stuff in this awesome piece of work. As you keep playing and you get better at it, no secret will be safe from you because you've searched all over the possible places to find some good loot. Don't be a taffer and play this"
,Recommended,211740,6432586,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Mulder,It's as good as the first part... only better since it's all sneaking and no annoying zombies.
,Recommended,211740,1388290,"Posted: 20 July, 2012",all,killer_hamster,The only example of 'steam-punk' that I actually properly like.
,Recommended,211740,23245132,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,9/10 TJBs
,Recommended,211740,7367019,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Sherman Arstal Gatën Strengens,GOAT II
,Recommended,211740,7843707,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,no eggs.,the game's icon kinda looks like a pussey if u squint real hard
,Recommended,211740,25564,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,moop,Top 5 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator all time
,Recommended,211740,28997149,Posted: 3 January,all,Matthew,"Glad to say this one is actually really fun. AI is better, controls are better, everything is much better. The perfect sequel to an absolute trash heap of a game."
76561198039305661,Recommended,211740,24739899,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,gunsaremagic,SAM FISHER AND SNAKE CAN GO HOME THIS G8ME IS HARDCORE M8
,Recommended,211740,9079349,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ReDD eFFect,Very similar to the first (Thief Gold). It's not bad but it really should have added more onto the gameplay demonstrated in the first Thief. The story is OK...
76561198246539930,Recommended,211740,29488908,Posted: 25 January,all,paulinemckinley05,"I do like playing thief 2 but when i play the walkthrough which helps  if i am stuck,  the walkthrough seems different to mine, like when bots are about i stand in the shadows but they always seem to know i am there, but  when the player doing the walkthrough seems to have no problem with the bots, and at times he isnt even standing in dark shadows, like me.  This gets too me as it should apply to me aswell and it doesnt.  They still  find me even thou i am in darkness.  Still i like the game and will  continue till the end"
76561198157088320,Recommended,211740,32728635,Posted: 24 June,all,Dylan the dood ☭,"I would describe this game as lit, but its way too darkDefinatley worth a play"
76561198137383995,Recommended,211740,18089688,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Den,"This game has eaten more hours of my life than anything imaginable. More than Morrowind, Skyrim, and Fallout combined. The graphics haven't aged very well, but that has never bothered me or stopped me from feeling totally emersed in the environment. If you aren't a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ and haven't played Thief II, then do it. As far as game design goes this game competes with any modern title and more for depth and complexity. It's nice to revisit when I get tired of the linear scripted games of today."
,Recommended,211740,19467447,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Greg,"I don't like it as much as the first one, but it's still an excellent game, and it's worth playing before Deadly Shadows, which is also better."
,Recommended,211740,11002980,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dominant Chris,Need to downgrade into peasant status before you can run this which is weird because thief gold runs fine...
,Recommended,211740,171268,"Posted: 22 July, 2012",all,Ghizmo,A real classic!!! And best of the series so far.
,Recommended,211740,9297843,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Mishmosh,Best graphics 2k14
76561198201823508,Recommended,211740,34706614,Posted: 3 September,all,Gumbiman,Perfect Level Design Part 29/10
,Recommended,211740,34897967,Posted: 12 September,all,PROFILE,Potatoout ofpotato. Wouldpotatoagain.
,Recommended,211740,5237644,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Desacabose,Stealthy with a hint of lime
,Recommended,211740,6068943,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,dokartist,учебник для начинающих ))
,Recommended,211740,26257153,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,cogs insulin crystal maze
,Recommended,211740,433143,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,razoleg,"With this game my ""Thief"" experience started and to be honest I was unlucky enough to miss The Dark Project until late 00's. Despite what community says, out of the three ""Thief"" games, this is the worst. You should only buy it for the backstory to TDS.Not really a game of its own, more of an expansion of TDP. The game engine is gamebreaking and level design does not really help at all. If you like to quicksave\quickload every two minutes because you get stuck in windows, ladders and scenery this is for you."
,Not Recommended,211740,25217422,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GreySpectrum,"I left it feeling ... blasé?I would still recommend several of the missions. Shipping and Recieving, Framed, Trace the Courier, and Trail of Blood I remember fondly. Life of the Party, Masks, and Running Interference were good as well, but I remember my frustration first and their positive traits second.When I think of Thief:TMA, I think of being aggravated that I can't move around. This was something that happened in Thief:TDP, but in that game, it wasn't a problem. Not only were there breathers were I could sprint across open grass, or swim in relative safety, but also I was immersed and excited by the locations and the many many hidden secrets and background I was constantly happening across.""I wandered around lost and unsure a lot, but there was nothing that was unenjoyable about doing that. The game encourages you to do so, and there is a lot to discover (and steal) while you unlock the greater picture of the mission. I played slowly and patiently, but I missed a lot of content and could easily play it again for a new experience.""I don't feel the same way about TMA. There are a lot of reasons for that.I don't like metal floors constantly placing me in danger of being heard. I don't like more guards and cameras everywhere. I don't like metal and concrete factories as settings to explore. I don't like the notes and conversations by normal goons about normal grounded things. I don't like having no ""free range"" areas. I don't remember enjoying the stories or notes and background. I don't remember finding many hidden objects or spots I didn't expect to be able to access. It all feels a lot more empty and a lot more tedious.But compared against other games? Well, it's old, ugly, clunky and slow paced. The controls are broken and awkward. I remember being frustrated more than anything else. Stilllll.....In the end, I would recommend it. For one, I might have simply been tired of this type gameplay by the time I finished it. I know the thrilling feeling of mastery from T:TDP would come from this game's mechanics as well. It is a well balanced game with a story and setting that is unique and palpable. There are many routes, tactics, and styles of facing obstacles. And, in the end, there are few things better than being Garrett in a dark corner of a huge complex; rifling through every corner, filling my pockets full of gold, and my head full of knowledge that is very much not supposed to belong to me."
76561198140435102,Not Recommended,211740,35300847,Posted: 29 September,all,savvym,"As the first Thief. you can attack from three directions. Clunky controls, I had to figure out pressing all buttons how to draw my keys as they changed controls between the two games. First mission is funny, objective, do not kill anyone. I got two ways to go in. I choose one where the guards are silently waiting for me to come around the corner, than I am forced to kill one of the guys. Mission failed. Why bother giving me a sword in the inventory then. I just can not enjoy this game when I see such mistakes in the beginning.I would not recommend this game to anyone unless I hated them."
76561197999273279,Not Recommended,211740,20491873,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lies&Scorn,"The game contains the same thrills and challenges of the first volume, it is not a bad game by any means. This is a negative review because all the technology showcased whithin the game world felt too anachronistic to me. Expect to find turrets, robots and surveillance cameras! I loved the first game in the series because of its medieval setting; you had to rob manors, tombs, churches, graveyards and prisons with a few zombies thrown in the mix. Now this second game is trying to be Deus Ex! I understand all the tech is supposed to be steampunk, but it just doesn't do it for me, it´s like Deus Ex retextured as a steampunkish world."
,Not Recommended,211740,30405445,Posted: 9 March,all,LitWarrior,"Can't say really whether the game is good or not. The brightness in game is so dark that it's literally unplayable. There's a ""gamma"" option in the config but it's non-functional. I know there's a patch to fix this, but I installed it and the game wouldn't run after that, so I'm giving up."
,Not Recommended,211740,21642634,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AloseN's CSGO500,"I believe, it has got an awesome gameplay and story, but it is too dark. I went in some room and couldn't find my way out. As someone said, it is operating system's fault. If someone knows, how to fix this, please, reply."
76561198030574635,Not Recommended,211740,34726219,Posted: 3 September,all,#1SexPistol,"I know this is sacreligious to say, but the game is a relic of the golden age of PC gaming and does not hold up to todays standards. The UI is completely unintuitive, textures are muddy and bland, combat makes skyrim combat look like the best ever made, voice acting sounds like it was phoned in from a tin can, and the environments are uninspired.I could see someone really enjoying this game for nostaliga sakes and really never fully understanding how terrible it is currently. I could even see someone finding some good in this game that never liked old pc games. Its like an old car without power sterring, airbags, seat belts, air conditioning, power windows, radio, or comfortable seats. The exterior isnt sexy and theres not alot of horsies underneath the hood either, its more of a jalopy. It's def worth a try when it goes down to 2 bucks though.Hope you enjoyed this review. If you enjoyed this review, you can check out my youtube chan.... just kidding. I'm too alpha for a youtube channel."
76561198050374800,Not Recommended,211740,11389656,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,EnterTheRyGuy,"I don't often write reviews, only under the circumstance whether the game was incredibly enjoyable, or so terrible you'd rather pull your own teeth. This game had me pulling all the newly found gray hairs out of my head, and I was so disappointed. I wish I had the same experience as the other players who write, ""this was one of the best games I've ever played"", but I didn't and I can't fake that I did. It had some shining moments, but were vastly overshadowed (literally) by certain other gameplay characteristics.I feel like I could gripe forever about it but I'll keep it short (I'll try). I did play Thief Gold and enjoyed it a lot. While there were some things I wasn't a fan of, I was able to get over them and still really enjoy the game. Hoping for the same experience in Thief II, I was let down. My biggest gripe of the game, which sounds silly until you play it, is the game is SO. MOTHER. EFFING. DARK. This alone, ruined the game for me. There are 3 or 4 missions I know off the top of my head that I played for 4-5 hours EACH and still couldn't complete the level, only to consult a guide, and only to find out there is a door or ladder or key or something that would advance me in the level. And what held me back from finding it was that it was hidden in the darkest, most pitch black area of a random room. I can't harp on it enough, no matter how much I adjusted the gamma option, or my brightness on my monitor, it never improved. Again sounds silly, but I was physically incapable of finding these things because of it being so dark. The first game was dark too, but not to the extent to where you actually can't see what's ahead of you. There are flares added to the game, but they really don't offer much help. It brightens things up about 1 foot around you, and then disappears after 10 seconds or so.There are other things that bother me about this game, but that is the main one. I almost feel like that if that one thing didn't affect me so much, I'd be able to look past the other things like I did in the first game. I was so determined to beat this game and just completely remove it from my computer. To be stuck in a level for 4-5 hours only to find out that you need to walk through a door in a room you've been in several times already, is something I never want in a game again. Missions like Kidnapped, Casing the Joint, and the final Sabotage at Soulforge, are the bane of my existence in this game. If you buy it, I just hope you have a better experience than I did."
76561198031433857,Not Recommended,211740,25683079,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,rackak2010,I can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211740,21753184,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,iandraper19644,CANNOT TURN THE BLOODY GAME OFF......................
,Not Recommended,211740,18472695,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,wagman,"I know most people love this game, but it is buggy, and way too dark to see anything to be worthwhile anymore. 3/10."
76561198034929322,Not Recommended,211740,28995914,Posted: 3 January,all,DFP,"Had serious potential to be a fun game, but unfortunetly, this game is way too dark. Like, really, really dark. In the first mission (first mission!), the game forces you to play pin the tail on the ♥♥♥♥ing donkey in the very first hallway you ever encounter, and many, MANY hallways after that. This is extremely tedious and completly uncessessary. There's not even a brightness option! There's a gamma option, but that changes absolutely nothing. I was going to look past this and just continue to play with a blindfold on, but then I got word of a ""patch"". Well, I downloaded this so called ""patch"", but it didn't do much of anything except allow much better resolution options and slightly better audio. GG. All of this could've been avoided if the developers spent five minutes adding a brightness option, or hell, giving the player a lighter or something. There are glowsticks, but they last a grand total of ten seconds. Pathetic.On top of that, very little has changed from the first game (Thief: Gold). The AI are still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the voice acting is just as awful, the combat is still like fighting a wall that screams ""Agh!"" when you hit it... this game is white hot garbage."
76561198016129633,Not Recommended,211740,22810350,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,"The controls are terrible, although the story might be good."
,Not Recommended,211740,20740508,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Buddy,not really a fan of the 1998s-2000s i thought old fashion would be cool :C
,Not Recommended,211740,19322710,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Belmont ™,Game sucked the atmosphere of being a Rogue out of my life....Wish I had an active map!
,Not Recommended,211740,30580944,Posted: 17 March,all,[HSOWA] Chip Of Dell,i voted for ben carson in the 2016 primaries
,Not Recommended,211740,7588843,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,SOS-団 | Elven Red,"My god, not even gonna bother, I f-ing hate glitchy games. Glad I got this over with... thankfully, I hear the third one is more stable."
,Not Recommended,211740,30093550,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
76561198052486496,Not Recommended,211740,12148855,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,rolland44,waste of money not as good as the first one
,Not Recommended,211740,11964520,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,logan_vanhoose,Not all that but ok for the price i guess.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,211740,12270491,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"The second Thief game, pretty much the same as the first.Not very interesting.3/10"
76561198121782795,Recommended,211740,9694537,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,DavethaGunnar,just bought this yesterday and ive only played a few hours on it but i cant wait to play more. the guards look hilarious :P 100/10 i love it.
,Recommended,211740,9697134,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Movik,"A solid follow up to the original game Thief. It is even more fun then the original Thief game which for me is saying something. Just like the first game it has a solid, very dark story line and is incredibly fun to play. Not recommended for someone that is looking for a hack and slash kind of game."
,Recommended,211740,10526590,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TheJackyking,SNEAK . STEAL . GET LOST . PAY RANT . SAVE THE WORLDThis should be enough to explain this game
76561198053561585,Recommended,211740,10557061,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Slakk,"Adding my Dark Project and Deadly Shadows playtime together, I've probably played these games more than anything else (Not via Steam though)This game might not have the same charm as it did back in 2000, but its glory comes purely from its modding community. If you buy these game and do not mod it or try FMs (fan missions) you are shooting yourself in the foot.After beating the original story, be sure you use the community to find the excellent fan sites out there such as the ttlg forums and try some of the excellent fan created missions out there.The imagination sunk into some of these missions is amazing, even compared to games today.If you're a fan of the stealth genre and don't mind playing older games you'll really see why some people love these games so much."
,Recommended,211740,4509565,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,蝙蝠,Yes.
76561198017049661,Recommended,211740,10156592,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Skull Dad,"I seriously recommend this game, the old graphics and clever gameplay work well and i would say is is 1000s of times better then the new thief game"
76561197968833544,Recommended,211740,10707683,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lord BEERus,"An old favorite that i seemingly always go back to ,the graphics may be dated but the story and game mechanics still hold up today , and worth the look for those getting started with the recent thief game"
,Recommended,211740,10609242,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SubbyBoneHead,"Buy this game,it's better than buying the new one lol."
76561198075639977,Recommended,211740,10596602,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The All American Strudel,"Skill is the key in stealth games and Theif 2 definetly understands this. Though the game can be bory and repetetive at times it all comes out to be a great expirience. The story and atmosphere are very dark and gloomy and the game is very complicated and hard to follow sometimes and I never really found the main character ""Garrett' very interesting. But the level designs creative and the art stlye and environment are excellent. It all comes down to a 7/10. If your a fan of stealth games definetly buy this."
,Recommended,211740,10601473,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sparkymalarkey,"Thief II, along with Half Life and JKII, was one of the first FPS I ever played. I freaking love this game to death. This also introduced me to steampunk at an early age."
76561197965793234,Recommended,211740,10601888,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kistenwache,One of the best classic games.
,Recommended,211740,9463971,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,⎛⎝XΣRXΣS⎠⎞,"One time I overloaded a map with Frogbeasts by using cheat engine to increase how many frogbeast eggs I had on hand and I had an army of cute little exploding pseudo-frogs, then I was unable to equip my weapons or items because I spawned way too much frogbeasts. Fun times."
,Recommended,211740,886540,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,bfRheostat,"Levels are complex enough, there are many details like papyrus texts, nice dialogues and brilliant gameplay features. I couldn't get into its story and atmosphere because of steampunk elements but you might like that. Graphics are outdated but no matter.The game has really dark places. You should make a gamma adjustment because after a while your eyes getting tired.There is also some silly things like sounds. You can't turn off music. The proper solution: You should carefully edit a file named ""snd.crf""... Basic solution: Turn off ambient sounds totally from options menu (that also removes sounds of birds, insects, wind and something like that). The other thing is some sounds are really disturbing and repetitive.Don't hesitate and buy if you love stealth. But steampunk atmosphere would ruin your gaming desire if you seek medieval times."
76561198076418456,Recommended,211740,6825314,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,SlowMovingTrains,"Easily the greatest game of all time, but i got on my nostalgia goggles."
,Recommended,211740,4979447,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,redheadsoldier,There are some games that never go out of style and never lose their edge no matter how old they get. This is one of those games. Thief™ II: The Metal Age is pure stealthy fun.
76561198035557117,Recommended,211740,11499527,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sleepy Chipmunk,"The original Thief games were some of the first stealthy stealth games, and, in my opinion, the best. It's really hard for me to pick out anything bad to say about this classic, to be honest. And this isn't nostalgia talking, either- I played and finished this game for the first time in the past year. The characters are interesting, looting everything that isn't nailed down and working to get every last scrap of loot and secret adds some nice replayability, the stealth relies on both line of sight, shadows, and sound, and you will probably want to punch the main villain in the face by the end of the game, along with his love of marbel and metal flooring. The only thing that I don't love is how the old graphics make everyone look like a paper mache monstrosity, but I'm pretty sure that there's probably a mod out there to fix that.Seriously, though. This game is wonderful, and it's amazing how cheap it is. Go ahead and give it a try, yeah? If you're a fan of stealth, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,211740,11504303,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,M9AX,"'Thief 2' is like 'Doom 2' in the sense that it's the exact same game only better. The core gameplay remains almost entirely unchanged, the engine is identical, and there is only a minor difference in graphics.This game very easy to sell. Did you like the great voice acting, excellent level-desing, outstanding atmosphere, and the innovative, stealth-based gameplay of the first game? Did you hate the levels that featured unkillable zombies and various other creatures? Well, there are hardly any zombies or creatures (you have to go out of your way to find them, and they're very easy to avoid) the voice acting, gameplay, and atmosphere are the same - and the levels are EVEN BIGGER. Thief 3, Thief 4, and Dishonoured can go sit in the corner and cry.One level in Thief 2 has you sneak through an entire town (you can tip-toe on the rooftops, or you can creep through the shadows of the streets) - which culminates in raiding a six-storey high mansion. This is without loading screens, and there are millions of hidden nooks and crannies where you can find various goodies to steal. Another level has you travel through a ruined Aztec city, and another a jungle filled with treehouses. Aside from perhaps 'Deus Ex', this game has the largest and most detailed levels in gaming history (and by 'detailed' I mean rooms with furniture and books you can read, and fireplaces that lead to secret passageways - not 'detailed' in a graphical sense)Whilst I recommend playing 'Thief 1', and even 'Thief 3' (avoid 'Thief 4') if you must only play one Thief game...make it this one."
76561197993283908,Recommended,211740,10996899,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Metal B,"In 1998 Thief 2 stole a position of my personal list of best games ever. And never gave it back! Looking Glass took the revolutionary concept of the the first installation and brought it to perfection. Thief 2 gives you a lot of options, big levels and lets the player freely find his own way to the goal. The game is more about problem solving then it is combat. Who things power fantasy has to be about killing and murdering, never tried to get around one guard without getting seen or even noticed. Be smart, be observant, be quiet and become a master thief.The game of course suffers of its old age. All the objects consist of only a few polygons, there aren't complex lighting and shading systems at work (which is a shame for a game about shadows) and the environment can look empty or sterile at times. But it isn't unplayable either. If you get use to the graphics, Thief 2 shines with a very interesting world of little stories, fantastic level-design and impressive sound-design.Thief 2 is still the stealth-game in gaming-history."
76561197996826746,Recommended,211740,1712466,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Fireprowler,Did you like thief : the dark project (gold)? yes?This one is (imo) even better so what are you waiting for
76561198047288304,Recommended,211740,11352429,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Taffer,"The best thieving game ever, and it was concieved 14 years ago...14 years; and yet still nothing has surpassed the depth and atmosphere Thief 2 provides!  Not even close. 11/10."
,Recommended,211740,21655399,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Soul4rent,"Good stealth game. Good mechanics, solid functional gameplay, and a historic moment for the genre as a whole."
,Recommended,211740,17141110,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,squiddingme,This is the best stealth game ever made.
76561198112496524,Recommended,211740,21859929,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,￥ung FreÐ | Pvpro.com,How can you go wrong with this oldie but goodie. Still my fav lol :>)yo
76561198127836518,Recommended,211740,21698783,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,CaptainGhostKey,i just love this game
,Recommended,211740,21759839,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Terath,The magnum opus of video games
,Recommended,211740,22627731,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,fr0st,Old school sneaking around. Fantastic!
76561197970881243,Recommended,211740,472491,"Posted: 9 August, 2012",all,Mona Sax,Best GAME in the entire History
,Recommended,211740,14382663,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Tony Tonsils,Robin Hood's a pansy
76561198092055926,Recommended,211740,7201019,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Wiznobble,game is great i love it
76561198137646937,Recommended,211740,23332950,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Taffer,"With most things, you expect, as time goes on, that they will improve. Newer cars are better than old, that sort of thing. The stealth genre is the only thing where this doesn\'t seem to be the case. Not to say that there aren\'t good modern day stealth games, of course there are. However, as of right now, none of them have seemed to surpass Thief 2, just offer and equally good experience, despite Thief\'s age.I won\'t go crazy on this review, but here is an example. Hitman is a stealth game of sorts, and as most games do, it discourages you from killing bad guys. The less bodies the better. How does it do this? With points, a negative effect on your over all proformance review, just some numbers on the screen. And thats all fine and dandy. But what about Thief.Thief is entirely organic, as it encourages you to be as stealthy as possible in a totally realistic way, that is much more planned out, while avoiding the whole issue of pulling you out of the experience, reminding you that \""this is just a game\"".   If you encounter a guard, you could try to sneak around him. One small mistake could get you killed though, so why not knock him out? You could, but then you have to worry about the body, which if not well hiden enough, could ruin everything. Meanwhile, killing him would be even worse, since that would not only make a body, but also a blood stain, which would require a water arrow to clean. This natural progressing of actions and consequences encourages you to play with as little encounters as possible, instead guiding you to learn to sneak past guards without ever interacting with them in the first place, being the ultimate ninja. But this doesn\'t feel gamey, and doesn\'t feel arbitrary or tedious.This is just one of the many reasons why Thief 2 still stands up as a great stealth game. Buy it, then download tafferpatcher, a program which helps the game run on modern computers. Don\'t worry, it is stupid easy, just download the file, and launch the executable, it takes all of 30 seconds. Plus, there are thousands of fan made levels which the community has made, providing hours of gameplay beyond the base game, so have fun!"
76561197971920232,Recommended,211740,544232,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,ARC_32,"Thief 2 is one of the best games you can buy on Steam.Very atmospheric, it was way ahead of it's time.Make sure to get DarkLoader. This will enable you to easily download and install thousands of fan missions, some of which are better than the original .Thief 2 realesed in 2000 by Looking Glass Studios originally based in Lexington Massachusetts, in 1994 the company moved to Cambridge. A significant number of Looking Glass personnel were MIT graduates.After the company folded, people from Looking Glass went on to work at Ion Storm, Irrational Games, Harmonix, Mad Doc Software, Arkane Studios, Westwood Studios, Valve, and to found Floodgate Entertainment and Digital Eel, amongst other later studios."
76561198028384981,Recommended,211740,3872050,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,GreenManAiming,"The crowning jewel of Looking Glass that set the standards to which all games should achieve to be.Thief 2 does everything a sequel should do, it continues the story, expands the characters and does interfere with the controls and mechanics which made the Dark Project work so well.I would personally say that this game comes close to being near perfect with no major flaws when it comes to the story or design of the game. The only criticism I can find at all is that the despite having come out two years after the original THIEF; Looking Glass chose to make little to no improvements in the graphics of the game itself, while it is true that graphics alone do not make the game alone, myself and possibly others share this lack of improvement as being one of the games only minor faults. The addition of smaller items such as the free fall potion and spy orbs also feels out of place and ultimately fails to enhance the gameplay beyond being a minor novelty."
76561198052778925,Recommended,211740,5607261,"Posted: 12 June, 2012",all,Eohseax,"I was overjoyed when the full thief franchise came to steam. With brilliant stealth gamelay, thief II is extremely immersive for an old game running Quake polygon graphics. I highly reccomend this game and its franchise kin (yes, even deadly shadows)."
,Recommended,211740,2061537,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Lynk,"As good as the first, very recommended too, making a distinction between the first is pointless since they're practically the same game, again you should install some fixes to enjoy the game, thishttp://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=131106includes every fix needed."
,Recommended,211740,5881685,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,EAT YOUR HEART OUT,"My personal favorite in the Thief franchise, the storyline is amazing and the gameplay is pretty entertaining. If you're into games that revolve around pure stealth, I highly recommend Thief 2."
,Recommended,211740,7872123,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Jiik,One of the best stealth games i've ever played.
76561198025625270,Recommended,211740,8647709,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,xterminal86,"Sequels often degrade with each iteration, but there are few exceptions. Thief II, like Mass Effect, is a great example of how to do them right. You can clearly see improvements that were made: improved graphics, new items and so on. And, most important, the original style of the game was not corrupted a bit. Developers did a great job."
76561198017856668,Recommended,211740,3125389,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,μ-duq,One of the best stealth games i have ever played
,Recommended,211740,4764467,"Posted: 8 October, 2012",all,Einar      Torkelsen.,"Thief is the ultimate series for stealth-game lovers, like myself."
,Recommended,211740,197823,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,侍 Gore_ToRn 侍,Best Stealth FPS game EVER MADE! Buy Thief 1 and 2 now!
76561197974189795,Recommended,211740,15834516,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Sawtooth Grin,"Honestly, this is the best stealth game to ever exist. I waited for this game to come out in 2000 and never played a stealth game that compared. Thief 3 and THIEF (the newest one) just don't really compare in the sense of being in-depth and realistic. With the Steam downloadable version, I was able to play it for the first time in about 10 years. I was so surprised that the graphics were pretty damn good.I love this game because it's a phenomenally made puzzle. Calculating the movements of many different guards and creating long-range stealth plans throughout these amazing and realistically dark levels. Some of the other reviewers may cry about how dark the game is, but they just are too dumb to play the game. It gives you all you need to get around the dark and you just need to figure it out: (SPOILER): you have a compass and you have a map that is very vague but gives you the layout of the rooms most of the time...you can use both the compass and the map during the times in which you cannot see to navigate rooms.This game gets a 10/10 easily from me. It has been on my ""Top 3"" list for 15 years now. I'm a pretty big dork and have put a ton of time into that top 3. (BTW it's 1. Arma 2/3 2. Thief 2 3. FF7)"
76561198160785285,Recommended,211740,15946896,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Arby,"Thief 2 is a beautifully organic, absorbing game. The stealth gameplay is challenging without being frustrating (since it is possible to fight your way out of an encounter with an alerted guard) and the levels are wonderfully big, encouraging exploration and rewarding it. The story is dark without being stereotypically gritty and is therefore engaging. Best of all though, is the dialogue writing. Witty quips from the cynical, money centric loner master thief Garrett go hand in hand with the hilarious dialogue of the dullard rent a cops that must be overcome. There is no greater pleasure in this game then sitting in the shadows half a nose hair away from two thicko guards talking about those mekk- mekka- mekkan- mekkanical  eyes wot the sheriff introduced.So then. If that all sounds appealing to you, then scurry off and buy it you camel mannered tunic wearing molly cuddles! If ya don't, an arrow in the throat ought to shut you up!"
76561198047389417,Recommended,211740,10040563,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Tough Tat Boi,"Absoloutly, one of the best games I've ever played, no question. One of the most story rich games I've ever played, with PHENOMENAL characters, some of the best I've ever seen, with a grea protagonist, and a very hateable villian. Hands down, maybe the best game I've ever played."
,Recommended,211740,683402,"Posted: 8 October, 2012",all,Make Tigers Great Again!,"If you only play one game in this series, make sure it's this one. This is the game of my life, the one I can't recommend enough. Not a single other game can claim to do stealth as well as this. Coupled with a brilliant grainy steampunk universe and open world levels, this♥♥♥♥♥♥locked me in for YEARS. Then you discover the brilliant fan-made missions and mods, the game takes on a life (lives) of its own."
,Recommended,211740,14951270,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sensitive Boy,"I hate games, but this one is literally perfect. You should play this game if you don't consider yourself a non-♥♥♥♥♥♥. Even if you don't like it you can appreciate it for being perfect.  It really is, literally, Pretty Good"
,Recommended,211740,5975466,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,rencor,Perhaps the best stealth game in which you played.
,Recommended,211740,16216432,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wontimm,CALL 519-329-9199
76561198028476799,Recommended,211740,14858753,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Puddleoguts,A Great Game Brings back memories of my childhood
76561198060190386,Recommended,211740,14352422,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,HeatSeekerGTR,"Ah dayum. Brings back some awesome child memories...""Hm, this dungeon feels creepy, man. Let's just take what I need and get outta here.""---5 min later""Got what I needed... wait... someone's coming! Oh nvm, it's just a guar-GHOST?!! U FOOKEN WOT M9?!!!""ALT-F4"
,Recommended,211740,10392275,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Randy Stair,"The best in the series, for the Gold Standard by which all stealth games are measured. If you enjoy Stealth, this is a 100% must-play. 12 missions, about an hour each across sprawling maps. Challenging but not unfair, in Looking Glass Fashion.If you enjoy it especially, try T1. Thief 3 is okay, but suffers consolitis, and the new Thief has Splinter Cell Conviction Disease."
,Recommended,211740,7837257,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,garr596,"The most challenging game you've ever played. It took me like 30 minutes to beat the first level. The word ""stealth"" means what it does in this game. People will spot you and try to kill you. If you fight back, they'll run away and call in more people to kick your butt. If you want a challenging game that you just can't run through like a freakin' level of Sonic, then buy this game."
76561198089375682,Recommended,211740,7159716,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Sourpatch23,"i personally love this one above the first and third (although i love them all) i would recomend this game to anyone! the graphics arnt top notch but who cares, the missions are superbly done, the story line is fantastic and the characters are great! if your even slightly considering to play this game- GET IT!"
76561198024001819,Recommended,211740,3513398,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,PFischer07,"It's the father of first person stealth games. Huge levels, slow-paced and incredible atmosphere"
,Recommended,211740,5037753,"Posted: 19 July, 2012",all,JustJim89,"The most rewarding stealth game I've ever played. You have to find and apply a new ddfix to get it to work and display in widescreen, but it's well worth it. Big open levels, large set of tools, competent AI, steampunk-meets-magic atmosphere oozing out of every room. Just a great game."
76561197974740898,Recommended,211740,7758875,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CobaltNova,"The master thief of the first Thief game is back and with somewhat improved graphics and new tools to play with. The story picks up some time after the first game and is packed with a new story and cast of enemies and allies, with familiar faces from the first game making a come-back. The game possesses significantly less ""adventure fantasy"" elements than the first game although they are not entirely gone. This was actually the first game of the series I played and though its story is more or less able to stand alone, it is even better when you have played the first beforehand. Included in a relatively cheap bundle with the first game this game is a gem at a bargain of a price."
76561198063167070,Recommended,211740,6297249,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,Varial The Flayer,"♥♥♥♥ YEAH THIEF 2, THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THE ♥♥♥♥IN BOMB.  SNEAK ALL UP IN THEIR MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING HOUSES AND BAM!  TAKE ALL THAT LOOT.  LEMMIE GET THAT SON.  OH♥♥♥♥♥♥  THEY ADDED MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING ROBOTS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥UP IN THIS ♥♥♥♥♥, DONT WORRY, I GOT A WATER ARROW FOR THAT♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥.This♥♥♥♥♥♥is Classic, play it before Theef 4:The Teefining comes out.♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211740,30128760,Posted: 23 February,all,darthaegis,"My Thief Gold review:http://steamcommunity.com/id/stechyo/recommended/211600Thief II: The Metal Age is Thief Gold with minor gameplay diferences, as instead of monsters you now have cameras and bots. The rest is still there, and it's still great, though the last 4 missions decline a bit in quality, and the last mission is way too big and feels like filler right before the end, even though it was a considerable challenge. Still, before that there are some great missions, some on the level of Gold's best, making this overall only slightly inferior to Gold/The Dark Project. Amazing game."
76561198056820122,Recommended,211740,11623716,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Alex,why dont you own this
,Recommended,211740,11669592,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Sheoryath,"Thief 2: The Metal Age stands as a perfect example of taking a concept that already exists and improving upon ever facet of it's overall structure and execution.This sequel to the rather popular Thief: The Dark Project takes what made the first game so great,removed all the cave/ruin spelunking,took the idea of being a thief with a task in which there are multiple ways to deal with that task and moved it to the next level in terms of game design.Garret returns for the sequel being the titular thief of the series.Much like the first game's plot,it starts out slow,with Garret carrying out tasks for various people and trying to keep his landlord from banging down his door,all with the use of his variety of ''skills'',this allows for what made the first game great,breaking into places you shouldn't be and taking things you shouldn't own,however,the plot quickly gets to the main agenda and you will begin to carry out jobs that carry more weight than a purse of gold,with implications for the rest of the world and it's fate.Speaking of breaking into places,the level design in this game is among the best I have ever had the joy of experiencing,the now defunct Looking Glass Studios create vast and richly detailed environments for you to explore and plunder,ranging from a large warehouse complex to a collosal tower owned by the fanatical Mechanists,each of these levels were clearly designed with a painstaking amount of effort and it shows with every secret to find and location to explore,never has a game provided the same thrill of being a thief than this game.Despite it's admittedly noticable age,this game still manages to provide a experience that few other games have been able to parallel and it remains a contender for my favourite video game of all time.If you are in anyway a fan of stealth games,you owe it to yourself to experience this masterpiece,be wary though,as you may find your heart has been stolen within the first few levels of loot-filled glory."
,Recommended,211740,11475301,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Annie T. Mood,"- Far bigger maps- Highly non-linear and open maps/missions with multiple entry and exit points for reaching objectives (except for the first level or two which serve a bit as tutorial levels)- Completing objectives, stealing swag, and just being plain stealthy in this game is extremely satisfying- A much more interesting story- Garrett is still cool- Uses the same engine as the first which is still a tad bit wonky- AI can be hilariously exploited to your advantage (for stealth and combat)- Climbing things (ESPECIALLY THROUGH FREAKING WINDOWS) can be a huge hassle- Heavily dated graphics ()I didn't enjoy the first Thief all very well but holy jeez this actually caught my interest enough to complete and enjoy it from beginning to end."
,Recommended,211740,11238212,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,The best thief game
,Recommended,211740,9875832,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,(bREKTfast club) LazarWolf,Play this game its alot better then the remake
,Recommended,211740,16114344,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,J3kylll,"Thief II: The Metal Age - Younger age, MORE METAL.But really, it's such a good game, even to those outside the franchise hype would understand that it gives loads of freedom in approach to the mission at hand and the tools at your disposal.Garrett fan club."
,Recommended,211740,26148827,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,bythewaybtw,"It was rare that I obsessed over any specific game vs just being able to play games, period (the only ""system"" in my household until I was 15 was some type of Macintosh -- didn't own a PC til I was 17), but Thief TDP Gold and this game were two of my absolute obsessions. First played TTDPG at a friend's house pretty soon after it'd come out and for the next 5 years I felt like I just used him for his computer. That and I bought both games, not even having a PC, just so I could install them on random computers: my friends', the school's, a one-week boy scout camp's...So, needless to say: There's nothing I can say against this game -- I just hope they come out with a ""Special Edition"" (a la Skyrim) with updated/overhauled graphics and controller support as well as easy plug-n-play mod support. That'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211740,27324777,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Insomniac,"Good games are a rare thing. Though the level of technology when this game was made might not be as good as it is now, as made evidant by the recent reboot, shiny graphics don't make a game good. There are some things about the Thief series in general that I really like. Looking for stuff should be a key aspect of a game where the core principle is stealing and that is something you really have to do in this game. There's no objective marker, the map only shows where you've mapped out, and you actually have to listen to people and read things to find clues. The world building in this game is also really good. Garret is a man who steals so he can afford to live, that's it. In the reboot stealing just seems like some bonus objective to getting to the end, whereas here it is the sole purpose of the game."
,Recommended,211740,27326510,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bennett,"It's not quite theoriginalstealth game (Metal Gear Solid beats out Thief: The Dark Project by three months), but Thief 2: The Metal Age improved enough on its predecessor to secure its place as one of the best stealth sims of all time. And, incredibly, there have been very few contenders for the title since. It's rare for a game to match the brilliant level design, amount of interaction, and subtle storytelling seen here.If you like stealth games or immersive sims at all, you owe it to yourself to pick up Thief Gold and Thief 2 and play the games that more recent titles like Dishonored aspire to be.(Make sure you pick up the fanmade patches for higher resolution and widescreen for the best experience. No advanced knowledge needed, just unzip and play!)"
76561198042370235,Recommended,211740,4840685,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Drakken,"Took the good parts from the predecessor, fixed the bad ones and added a bunch of little features here and there to make the excellent sequel of one of the most influental and traditional stealth games of all time."
,Recommended,211740,14690322,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dmitry Odd,"The game Thief for me remained and remains absolutely unique for a genre of action and for Steath genre. Anywhere I didn't see games devoted to theft with such bright plot where are bound paganism, a brotherhood award, the greedy nobility yet, to indulge and simple street guys who left the main hero of game - Garret. The most important quality in game, however I think and for other representatives of troublemakers too. As fine it is realized here: it is necessary to move slowly, on silent surfaces, for example a grass, boards or carpets, thus to look for places with a dense shadow and if it isn't present that to nestle on walls, or to squat round the corner.The GUARDS are CLUMSY: The guard can't call the worthy opponent of the thief. These idlers are too careless, clumsy and silly. Even if they will hear you, first can think that it mice, either a fireplace, or a copper peep. In the dark they are blind at all so it is possible to make surely roundabout maneuvers for a back of the victim. In a situation when the policeman will notice you, he of course won't run to give the alarm, and will go to act heroically to punish the thief, in this case we will be able always to give it the worthy answer, behind Garret's shoulders always a huge arsenal from arrows (simple, water, with a rope, gas, fiery), a sword, a bludgeon, potions of life, water breath, a bomb and of course a compass.I absolutely accurately see an appeal of developers from Looking Glass Studios to decrease in violence in game and in life. Game encourages theft, not a robbery and murders. At the difficult levels of game, murder are forbidden at all and game overo'm are punished. Mirnyi, innocent inhabitants and servants, it is so easy to calm with one blow bludgeons, as well as guards. With the zombie conversation short, is evil spirits and the evil, and it is necessary to fight against it!We will sum up the results: Theft it not such the big evil as within game and life, it was and will be always, only in that as it to call a question, and under what look a tax. A banal example it is possible to give the taxation. Let the state steal from us in a type of tax and we will steal gold candlesticks from rich lords of the game Thief.All series of games is excellent is: Thief, Thief 2, Thief: Deadly Shadows. These parts are the best!"
,Recommended,211740,14151493,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JEFFLUM,this is the best stealth game i have played in a long time
76561198081941860,Recommended,211740,14072641,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,skeleponx,"Well. This is quite the game. Tense, creeping. And ever so excellent. I find that when I play this, I tense up. I sit stock still in effort not to be seen. And it's amazingly fun. 8.9/10"
,Recommended,211740,13563039,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,pr0ph3t,"> Guard detects me> Run off and take invisibility potion> Guard gave up searching for me> Go behind him and stab him, take his♥♥♥♥♥♥> 10/10"
,Recommended,211740,512259,"Posted: 20 July, 2012",all,evsie,"One of my favourite ever games.You play a master thief called 'Garret'. A sardonic and witty character whos stealthy prowess is legend. I love this game and another Warren Spector game called Deus Ex. Both are marellous but in different ways.This game makes sure your always outnumbered and outgunned so combat almost always leads to your doom which makes the game far more intense. Each footfall could alert a guard and shadows become your friend.I recommend this as one of the best stealth games ever made.""praise be to karas, blessed are thine welded"""
76561198143078416,Recommended,211740,11553530,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Blunder,"HELP. Game crashes on launch. Any help would be appreciated. Just downloaded it, haven't been able to play yet."
,Recommended,211740,15098092,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Paulie Gualtieri,"The greatest stealth game ever, and one of the best games of all time. Unique and dark setting, mature story, fantastic gameplay mechanics, dry and witty humour, the best player character ever, social commentary on religon and technological advancement, disturbing subplots of brainwashed robot beggars, and so much more. Graphics aren't amazing technically, but the mix of gothic, steampunk, art deco, and medieval styles and architecture more than make up for it visually. If you're so obssesed with resolutions and the rest, download a 1080p patcher to fix this. Besides, the technical stuff is simply a speck on a brilliant masterpiece of a game. Also, after you've finished the main game, be sure to play the unofficial expansion, Thief 2X: Shadows of the Metal Age, as well as over 600 different fan missions to further immerse yourself in this incredible world, made by a still dedicated community (check ttlg forums or the thief wiki for them). Buy this now!"
,Recommended,211740,21666716,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,P-Bag,"10/10 Rent Paying Simulator________________________Though a great game which I would use the steam version to play if not for the fact I have the original disc, but I doubt there are any problems with this version :D"
,Recommended,211740,21651302,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,pepetrumpster69,"Best stealth game I've ever played. Get TafferPatcher and get the proper sound set up and it is incredibly immersive, and super fun. Even not on sale it's 100% worth it."
,Recommended,211740,6160923,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Mister-Owl,"This is one of the greatest stealth games ever, if not one of the best games in general. Everything from the story, atmosphere, level design, mechanics, voice acting, and story. It's unparalleled by any other steath game, except possibly Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory.This is Looking Glass's magnum opus.Buy this game."
76561198000656138,Recommended,211740,27981177,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Parsley,"Blessed are the welded, for they will know The Builder's love. The Builder's love. Blessed are the welded."
76561198080258888,Recommended,211740,27709908,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"It's a must play game, play these kind of games and you ll see how easily it can excite you. Games that are like 800 MB to your pc memory card with days and days of gameplay games that can stick in your memory ... not like the games of today that are like 9 GB to download and you finish them in 8-12 hours or so.These guys had the imagination and created a master piece .Its sad you can find any more games like that but few"
,Recommended,211740,215151,"Posted: 18 July, 2012",all,mdk187,Best stealth game EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR!
76561197984500025,Recommended,211740,27531713,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,astranova2000,"Was ok, still prefer Theif Gold tho"
76561197972364365,Recommended,211740,27580550,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dante,"As well as being an excellent stealth game, Thief 2 is a masterclass in worldbuilding and environmental storytelling."
76561197990516946,Recommended,211740,27614396,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Badjoe,A classic that any fan of the stealth genre should play. Thief II offers an experience that feels fresh even today thanks to its in depth stealth system. The stealth mechanics rely on both sound and sight so there is always a moment where you're in the dark but a guard is coming towards you. Do you remain in the dark and hope that he does not get close enough to see you? Or do you move and hope that he does not hear you? Way too many games simply forget about the sound detection. Combine this with an interesting story and good level design and you realize why Thief II makes for a timeless classic.
,Recommended,211740,28025600,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Omega Deicide,Lest I fill thee with unnecessary ventilation.
76561198035954481,Recommended,211740,28061945,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rebad,One of the best stealth actions (if not the best).
,Recommended,211740,28068051,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Skelly,The greatest stealth game ever made
76561198021308169,Recommended,211740,28364940,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shovel Lover,"One of the first video games I ever played. Still holds up! Oodles of little secrets and alternate paths. Worth a play, if you're curious about first-person stealth's origins."
76561198047401442,Recommended,211740,27502258,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Narmalion01,Seccond best game on Steam (Best is Vampire the Masquerade)..Fact- not an oppinion :D
,Recommended,211740,27330866,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AnusMagma,Great stealth game. Classic.
76561198066710495,Recommended,211740,27606650,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doggit,One of the first games I was ever introduced to due to this I inherently love this game. I still can see how some people can be frustrated with it since it is an old game with finicky game mechanics. Still if you are a fan of sneaky medieval and are okay with primitive graphics and engine this is perfect for you
,Recommended,211740,7438562,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Shadow Hugger,"After having survived his encounter with an ancient Pagan god, the Master Thief Garrett is pulled into events that threaten to undo civilisation itself.  A new order is on the march, their footsteps suffused by the clicks and whirring of mechanical horrors, and a corrupt Sheriff spreads fear throughout the City.  The Metal Age is upon us...Possibly one of the most brilliant games to have graced the PC, Thief II: The Metal Age contains everything that was great about Thief Gold, while removing the stuff that wasn't so great.Missions are more focused, as is the story, and the enemies will make you want to scurry into the nearest shadows.The high point of the original Thief trilogy, Thief II: The Metal Age is to be counted as essential gaming for any PC users."
,Recommended,211740,23366310,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,❤ ＴＥＬＦ-ＡＳＳ! ❤,"It's a game where you steal stuff in a medieval steampunk setting.I recommend that you look up the plot summary of the first game before playing this game; there are a few plot points that you will miss if you don't. You can very well skip the first game and just play this one. You will miss out on the first game, but this game is the superior one, and I don't think that you'll lose too much if you play this game before the first one, save for the lockpicks not being in the first game until much later in the game.Thief 2 is a pretty old game. You'll have to re-bind controls right away (F is crouch, for example), movement is less smooth than today's games, and combat kind of sucks. Luckily, the movement is easy to get used to, and you're never supposed to engage in combat anyway.There is a bit at the end where the same map is used for 2 levels, and I'm not a fan of the final level, but the rest of the game is so excellent that it outweighs all the negatives in my eyes.Seriously, this has to be the greatest stealth game in existence. Stealth is based on line-of-sight, whether you're in a shadow or not, how much noise you're making, and even if you have something reflective in your hands.There are also a metric buttload of different entryways and routes that you can take. You could play this game over and over for years and never know about a certain ledge that you can jump on if you jump just right that gives you an entirely new perspective on a level. There are also a ton of secrets in the vein of Doom and Doom 2. The great thing about these secrets is that they're never hidden in a way that makes no sense. If there's a wall that slides away, then there's a button, or a movable torch-holder, or a bookshelf with a pullable book, or something else similar that's somewhere closeby.This is all I have to say about the gameIf you don't own it, start owning it.If you've never played it, start playing it.Unless, of course, you don't want to give money to Eidos & SqueenixThe orignal developers aren't going to see your money if you buy this, and the Thief reboot already crashed and burned, so buying this game doesn't really do anything other than give a big publisher money. That being the case, there are- other- ways to get this game."
,Recommended,211740,24363778,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,nahais
76561198070772370,Recommended,211740,17267968,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Urgle Burgle,"Sadly I was too young to have a nostalgic bias towards thief 2, all i could remeber was the box art and watcing my brothers bludgean gaurds!All i can say is...BUY THIS GAME, and if you're running this on windows 8 or 8.1 (I dont know why i am) you will need a simple mod to fix the game and set the resolution:http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=144303"
76561198051309450,Recommended,211740,17151274,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mc cool beans sandwich,"Ok, here's the deal, basically nick everything that isn't stapeled to the floor and leg it before you get a sword up your♥♥♥♥♥♥backwards."
76561198033516173,Recommended,211740,16926589,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Myth1c Uberwulf,"Go one, buy the game. Don't be a taffer now."
,Recommended,211740,32125869,Posted: 2 June,all,DOUGHNUT182,The best stealth game ever created
,Recommended,211740,32187587,Posted: 4 June,all,Hub3rtu2,Thief 1+1
,Recommended,211740,33289493,Posted: 5 July,all,gerthadrius,gud game
,Recommended,211740,14198063,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,average cuck...,"Nothing beats the feeling of clearing a whole mansion of all of it´s gold and valuables and leaving without a trace. Amazing game, best game in the thief series.(In my opinion)"
,Recommended,211740,28776100,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jimmy Jazz,"This shadow-based stealth game builds on everything its predecessor began.To start, I'd like to say that this game is the masterpiece of its series and is a must-buy if you are even somewhat interested in the stealth genre.Almost everything about this game is perfect.You play as thief, god-killer, absolute legend Garrett and try to get to the bottom of the schemes of Karras, a shady figure who really likes steampunk and selling robots and cameras to ♥♥♥♥ing everyone.  As a sneaky boy who likes to hit fleshy people with blackjacks, these robots and cameras will present a large problem to you.  Funnily enough, if you beat the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a robot with your blackjack for long enough, it will break, but it is easier to incapacitate them first with one of your water arrows (which are in limited supply) to their engines.Level design is fantastic, better than the first game's.  Each level is nonlinear and massive in size.  The enemy AI is good, and does not fall apart when they start to look for Garrett (unlike this game's predecessor in which they simply moved toward Garrett while they looked for him).  Just like the last game, you have an arsenal of gadgets at your disposal that allow for unparalleled creativity in how you can approach an objective, including the iconic rope arrow (which allows for tons of creativity just on its own).  Enemies are diverse and challenging, and the levels often require you to find hidden areas or encourage you to find secrets.Sword combat returns almost unchanged, which is good for the most part, but the abusability of overhead swings on human targets is the only flaw I can find with this game.One of the greatest stealth games of all time: 10/10"
,Recommended,211740,4883811,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Skav,"As excellent as Thief: The Dark Project is, Thief II improves on every (and I mean every) aspect of the original, making this sequel a near-perfect game in its own right. It is, hands down, the definitive stealth adventure."
76561198068245139,Recommended,211740,30048994,Posted: 19 February,all,Love of Dragons 9,"This is a great game with fun gameplay, neat characters/enemies, cool plot, a few funny moments, and better compatability with steam than the first Thief game. The first thief game has some issues, on of which does not allow you to watch the scenes between missions when you use it with steam. This game has no such problem, which is nice since the scenes are pretty good. Usually sequels tend to be weak compaired to the original but Thief 2 is a solid addition to the series. Recommended."
,Recommended,211740,22418686,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pepperbottom,This is my favorite stealth game.  They need to remaster this game.if you can get over the dated AI and graphics then youll love this game.The best level design ive ever played and seen in a video game.10/10
76561198081542950,Recommended,211740,31549410,Posted: 4 May,all,Eric Darkstar,Thief 2 is the best stealth action game I ever see and I strongly recommend all gamers to play this its dark and hard and I didn't see anyone that able to collect all the money in any level (thats my main objective in every level and even I cannot found all) pretty hard and once you get a taste of being a thief with Garett's abilites its fun as well
76561198044183781,Recommended,211740,31429818,Posted: 28 April,all,EldritchSyntax,"I played the game once and it was fun.  I absolutely lost my mind when I used the scout orb for the first time.anywho, it's PITCH BLACK when I try to play it on my computer now.  If I use tafferpatcher, the game crashes instantly.so I'm screwed."
,Recommended,211740,26819183,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ktz,"Timeless classic and the pinacle of stealth gameplay.More than 15 years old but much more immersive than modern titles in the same genre, which lack the sprawling maps of Thief 2, and even it's prequel."
,Recommended,211740,33510102,Posted: 13 July,all,NeoN_IDEntity,"A gem for the past , and a worthy successor to the first game of the serie.Still one of the best stealth games around, less centered around esoteric stuff than the first game but very similar in everything else.Can't really go wrong with these 2 games."
76561198043627942,Recommended,211740,4946404,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Nub-spotting Nub,"old game - still like this - need to find the time to evenutually complete this - great game, by thte same devs of System shock (who go split up to go make games such as Deus Ex and Bioshock (system ""shock""- Bio""shock"" - I think correlation. a good sequal."
,Recommended,211740,6363664,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,The Small Spoon,This game plays like something out of Monty Python.
76561197963584381,Recommended,211740,26740974,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Iconoclast,"Thief II is not only the greatest stealth game of all time, it's one of the greatest games ever, period. The graphics don't hold up in 2017, but the sound design, level design, atmosphere, voice acting, plot, and x-factor definitely do."
76561198108299718,Recommended,211740,35453605,Posted: 3 October,all,Walle[t],Even better than the original.
